Murray Medical (300,760) Closed yesterday: 288.80 Méri Medical Review Report: Performance meets expectations and major breakthroughs have been achieved across all production lines
Events: On 27 April, the company released its annual report for 2023: 14.88 per cent of total operating income; net operating cash flow of $3,291 million. Life information and support: industry environment and its own base, 23q4 and 24q1 surges
Total equity/flow (millions of shares)
This represents an increase of 13.81 per cent over the same period, with a slight increase of more than 30 per cent in surgery and a market for hard mirror systems (1) on the domestic side, although the expansion of the icu ward in the first half of 2023 led to a significant boost in new capital activities, the bidding process resulted from the restructuring of the medical sector
<Mary's medical evaluation report: "Quality returns: delays in procurement activities inevitably have an impact on the line, while medical obligations have been raised in fourth place."
Quarterly suspensions have also affected the advancement of new infrastructure projects for medical care, resulting in life information and support operations < < Murray Medical Stocktaking Report: Acquisition of Hye-Tai Controls; However, industry-to-equipment versus equipment, whether it is a regular tender procurement or a new infrastructure project for medical care
Right, the giant opens a new chapter in cardiovascular business > - the demand for procurement has not had any impact and the delayed procurement is expected to remain fully released in the future.
Corporate statistics, from a market-access perspective, indicate that by the end of 2023, the country ' s new infrastructure for medical care was about to be released, income slowed and the growth of the overseas acceleration ring increased > - the market space is still over $20 billion, and growth in the line is expected over the next two years.
(2) On the overseas side, with the exception of the first quarter of 2023, in which the production of energy in the international market began in the second quarter, the supply of capacity in the international market has been fully restored and the demand for international market procurement has largely recovered, bringing the growth of international vital information and support operations to over 20 per cent in the second half of the year.
In the first quarter of 2024, the country as a whole achieved a single-digit increase in the first quarter of this year at a high base, as emergency procurement requirements arising from the construction of the national ICUs during the same period in 2023 far exceeded other routine procurement requirements.
In vitro diagnosis: 24q1 high rate of growth both within and outside the country; 23 years of coverage by the Internal Lighting Service, 24.21 billion yuan in operating income from the company ' s in vitro diagnostic operations in 2023, compared with the increase in (1) domestic, benefiting from regular emergency care in the country since March 2023
The rapid recovery of diagnostic activities such as screening, surgery, etc., and the significant recovery of in vitro reagent consumption in the country, as well as the appearance of distinctive instrumentation, resulted in more than 2,000 sets of bc-7500 installed, further consolidating the company’s top industry position in the domestic blood-ball market, while the system
The column generated more than $1 billion in revenue, making it the first product to break $1 billion in the third year on the market. More than 2,000 new chemical light engines were installed in the country, of which the proportion of high-speed machines was nearly 60 per cent, and for the first time, the company ' s share of chemical light on the domestic market exceeded that of one.
Import brands are also ranked fourth. (2) On the overseas side, firms have accelerated the development of local platform-based capabilities for overseas in vitro diagnosis, such as manufacturing, logistics distribution, clinical support, etc., through M&As and self-building.
During the year, more than 100 third-party overseas chains were successfully broken, and they became exclusive blood cell suppliers to Dasa, the world’s largest laboratory in Latin America. In the first quarter of 2024, the in-house diagnostic operations, which were curtailed, resumed during the same period last year.
High-speed growth; and with the help of a sustained and accelerated break-up by high-end customers abroad, we expect the international market to grow faster than the other two production lines. Medical images: Beyond foreign investment becomes the first manufacturer in the domestic ultrasound market, and third in the world.
In 2023, the company ' s medical video business achieved operating income of $7.034 billion, an increase of 8.82 per cent over the previous year, with ultrasound models growing by more than 20 per cent. (1) The domestic market, although conventional procurement has resumed since March, has been growing since July
The clean-up of the medical sector, which began at the bottom, also caused significant delays in the procurement of ultrasound tenders, leading to slower growth in the second half of the medical video business. But the company seized the opportunity in the current environment to move beyond the original market’s first import brand and become the first manufacturer in the domestic ultrasound market.
At the end of 2023, the company released on the domestic market its home-grown ultra-high-end ultrasound platform resona a20. The company ' s ultrasound technology was officially at the top of the international class. (2) The international market, although the overall view of the demand for ultrasound at the lower and middle end of the spectrum, continues to be ambitious.
Looking at the impact of a depressed economic environment, the company quickly tailored its marketing strategy to increase the coverage of high-end overseas markets, pushing overseas ultrasound models to grow by more than 25 per cent, accelerating the process of high-end client breakthroughs, and enabling ultrasound operations to reach the third highest level in the world for the first time.
Cost indicators for the periods remained stable, with a slight increase in profitability during the first quarter of 2023, combined Māori rates for companies, sales cost rates, management cost rates, R&D costs, corporate Māori rates, sales cost rates, administrative cost rates, etc. in the first quarter of 2024
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Looking ahead, in 2024, the bidding campaign in the country’s public hospitals shows a quarterly recovery. Given the high public sector base in the domestic market in the first half of last year as a result of emergency procurement, the base was significantly reduced in the second half of last year by the impact of industrial restructuring, and this year is the year of the survey.
Income growth in the second half of the year is expected to be uneven. But by accelerating the breakthroughs and market shares of high-end client groups within and outside operations, as well as seizing opportunities for new domestic medical infrastructure and equipment upgrades, companies remain confident that they will be able to meet growth targets throughout the year.
The risk of activity affecting the progress of the hospital bidding process, the increased level of competition, and the goodwill generated by the acquisition
Pacific Academy, 7th floor of the 2nd Unit of the Huao Long Enterprise, 9 North outside Beijing City West Side, and 10th floor of the State Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City.
Hsien Shenzhen, Fuda Business, 1904 19th floor, New World Center, 19th floor, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, 102nd floor, Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report