Murray Medical Care (300760): Extension of M&As sustained q1 ' s annual operating income of $9.373 billion, an increase of 12.06 per cent in the same year; net profit return of $3.16 billion, an increase of 22.90 per cent in the same year; net profit deduction of $3.037 billion in the same year
In 2023, the company achieved business income of $15,252 million for life information and support, an increase of 13.81 per cent, and a 30 per cent increase for seed business microsurgery, a hard mirror system.
In vitro diagnostics, companies achieved business revenues of 12,421 million yuan, an increase of 21.12 per cent over the same period, of which international in vitro diagnostics increased by 30 per cent in international markets as a whole for the second consecutive year, with developing countries increasing by more than 30 per cent over the same period.
There has been rapid growth in all three major lines of activity. Overall, firms have continued to develop the three main sectors, and product competitiveness has continued to increase, with domestic and overseas penetration rates increasing, driving firms as a whole to maintain a multi-line advantage in innovation.
The product consists of the ux5 series of 4k endoscopes, fluorescent camera systems, super-high-end body resonaa20, high-end heart machine rechor9, high-end examination table overhepatus9 and other multi-products based on three main areas of business.
I've got a core competitive and value-for-money advantage in the product mix, and I've added the "3 S" smart ecosystem to the "3 S" smart ecosystem.
It's been transformed from a supplier of medical appliances to a programme to improve the overall capacity of medical institutions, and it's expected to continue to grow in the company's performance.
Annual Report 2022 and Quarterly 2023: Multifactor-driven Quantico S.A., Ltd., with rapid growth in performance, new capital provides a new impetus - 2023-05 -
In November 2023, the company completed a three-quarter review of Méri Medical (300,760) 2022:
Cash purchases of 75 per cent of the shares of Diasys, gradual import and rapid development of internal and overseas operations, performance in line with expectations, improvement of supply chain platforms for overseas in vitro diagnostic operations such as blood cells, biochemicals, chemical light, etc.; 2024
In January, the company intends to use its own funds to achieve the acquisition of control over the medical care of the company Hye-Tai, which is listed on the board, by “agreement transfers + voting rights” and to fast-track the breakdown of the cardiovascular sector. The company expects to continue to refine the product matrix in the future, enrich the material-consuming business and upgrade the public.
The long-term steady growth of the market for medical equipment, the continued progress of our new foundation for medical care, and the continuing benefits of the market as a leading company for medical equipment in our country, while the company's overseas city, China-United States trade friction, increases the risks.
China-China Securities Medicine Team: Over the years of sedimentation, a more sophisticated system of research and analysis has been put in place, with a wide range of coverage, unique opinions, etc., and with a number of differences, the future will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report. This report has been prepared by China-China Securities Corporation (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended to be sent or issued for any dispatch, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the SAC, unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced in any way without prior written authorization from the SAC.