First quarter of 2023: Increased workload of sections, industry Keywords: #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients  Events: Companies achieved operating income of $8,456 million in the first quarter of 2023, a 24 per cent increase in the same year.
A 26 per cent decline in the ring ratio; a 33 per cent increase in the return margin and a 40 per cent increase in the return margin; a 33 per cent increase in the return margin in the first quarter of the year, mainly as a result of the firm's close to the recovery of the industry; an acceleration of the global market layout; and a sustained drive to improve the level of cost-efficiency control.
To strengthen the core competitive advantage, each block has experienced an increase in its main workload, income, and income over the period.  The operation and utilization of the semi-submarine drilling platform has increased significantly, and the subsequent increase in drilling services and investment is to be expected.
Calendar day usage increased by 4.1 pct to 80.0 per cent over the same period, with an increase of 1.7 pct to 81.3 per cent in the same year and 21.4 pct to 75.6 per cent in the same year for semi-submarine drilling platforms.
▪ further increases in ship service operations. In the first quarter of 2023, the company operated and managed 172 vessels, an increase of 17 vessels from the same year to the same year, and 927 to 13695 days, an increase of 7.3 per cent, of which the platform supplied ships, repaired wells to support the ship's work.
China Sea Oil Clothes (601808): 2022: optimized resource allocation in close proximity to market demand.
In the first quarter of 2023, part of the company's three-dimensional capacity was engaged in a high-profit 2-D collection, which triggered an increase in 2-D operations leading to an overall increase in efficiency, while the collection of 2-D collections, submarine cables and seafloor nodes were affected by the project arrangements, resulting in a decrease in the volume of operations on an equal basis.
China Sea Oil Uniforms (601808): Reheating uniforms  Profit Forecasting and Investment Rating: Profitable Space Capability due to high performance due to company drilling platform operations, high volume of ship service operations
A strategy to increase profitability in the future and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Three major financial forecasting tables for oil uniforms in China and China.