q1 performance ring has improved significantly, with oil-conservation hot spots or by the first quarter of the year, the company has achieved $8,456 million, or +24.4 per cent, and the ring ratio - 25.9 per cent; and the realization of medium-sea oil uniforms (601808.sh)
The net return to the mother is 404 million yuan, the same year +33.0 per cent, the ring +39.79 per cent; the demand for oil uniforms has gradually recovered and the company's performance has improved significantly. 2023q1, the average price of Brent's oil is \triangleright
Practice number: s150051807001 is still relatively high. High oil prices and global upfront capital expenditure rebounded to support the demand for uniforms, and company lines of operation and equipment were used at the same rate as before, driving the firm's business.
Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiang, Research Assistant for the petrochemical industry Drilling services: there has been a marked improvement in the utilization of the company's semi-submarine drilling platform. 2023q1, self-introduction, semi-submarine drilling platform operation days of 3512 days, 953 days, compared to +8.4 per cent, respectively.
+39.5%; calendar day usage rates of 81.3% and 75.6% respectively, corresponding to 1.7 pct, First Cover Report: Climate Recover, Policy Plus, Dragon Rise 2021.08.06
Shipboard plate: 2023q1, a total of 172 ships operating and managing the company ' s ship services, " China Sea oil capital expenditure is up, profits are increased by 17, and the current operation is increased by 927 to 13695 days, compared to the same period, an increase of 927 days.
Assets Impairment on Lending, Marine Oil Viewing and Engineering Survey Blocks: Optimizing Resource Allocation by Company Close to Market Needs, Part III \triangleright
Gas Recovery 2022.03.27 Viable capacity for high-profit 2D collection projects, which pulls up 2D operations and then pulls up. 22q1 high profitability, high oil prices for offshore oil.
Increased physical capability, with 2023q1 2D collection of 1103 km, compared to the same year, " The sea operating landscape warms back, with 11903% of the pipeline. Submarine cables and submarine nodes are affected by the project arrangements, with a comparable volume of operations.
"The panzers are back up, the poles are back on track." 2022.10.28.Occ+ implemented in December 2023 by 2 million barrels/day, based on August 2022 production targets.
By the end of 2022, the United States will have released strategic reserve stocks that are nearing completion and will be of limited use, the United States will be entering the replenishment cycle in 2023, and the price of a 72-dollar/barrel replenishment or a base oil price will be considered excellent.
Shale oil stocks have been severely depleted, and the United States shale oil company is subject to investor constraints (dimensions, buy-backs, debt service), supply chain shortages, high inflation costs, government clean energy policies, etc. The rate of increase in crude oil production in South America, including Brazil and Guyana, has slowed down.
Long, but limited, growth has made it difficult to reverse the high supply tensions. Thus, we expect that in 2023, the supply of crude oil will not be sufficiently resilient, the recovery of China after the epidemic will boost global demand for crude oil, and the oil price hub, the Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
High oil prices are expected to lead to higher capital spending in the hydrocarbon sector, and the oil and gas industry is expected to continue to release company performance with winding up.
In 2023, the company plans to expand its services to include countries such as Thailand, to expand its high-end customers and to add Exxon.
Clients such as Mobil, Ithaca; continued increase in equipment overseas, three additional semi-submarine platforms in Europe, one self-upgrading platform in the Americas, 11 self-upgrading platforms in the Middle East, four self-upgrading platforms in Asia and the Pacific, and one semi-submarine platform.
Market openings, more large amounts, long cycles, high-value offshore projects, and the promotion of China China Sea oil capital spending to maintain high levels and provide a strong guarantee for oil service orders. In 2023, China and China spent $100-11 billion on oil schemes, up by 7.32%.
Capital expenditure was 24.736 billion yuan, compared to 46.10 per cent. China’s persistently high level of capital expenditure guaranteed steady growth in company performance, with domestic operations likely to increase steadily in 2023. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast the company’s net return to the mother in 2023-2025, respectively.
Corporate performance in 2025 may increase growth by maintaining a “buy-in” rating for companies. Risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risk for oil prices; demand recovery below expected risk; upstream capital expenditure below expected risk; geopolitical risk; and exchange rate volatility risk.
Member of the audit committee, of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, and member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s pool of experts, formerly Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COICA), for more than 10 years, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and conducted research and studies on coal surveying and development planning, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice throughout the country.
The research and development centre is responsible for research in the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunzi, cfa, a member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and a Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Nanjing University, which used to be a license for the development of large energy plates such as electricity and natural gas.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former head of the Chinese Coal Industries Group ' s second-tier Enterprise Investment and Operations Department. He worked in coal production for many years, in technology management for coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and in June 2022 he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry studies. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Programme in July 2022.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for a Master of Science in Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, Southwest University. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for coal.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Holdings (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.