The economy's downward pressure on revenue performance has continued to grow steadily, building up a high-profile city, seafood industry.
The seafood industry (603288) issued its third-quarter financial report on the third quarter: business income was 12.12 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 17.20 per cent in the same year, attributable to the parent company ' s net profit of 3,131 million yuan, an increase of 23.33 per cent in the same year. Of this, 3,992 million yuan in the third quarter alone, an increase of 17.12 per cent in the same year.
The net profit attributable to the parent company was 883 million yuan, an increase of 23.40 per cent over the same period. One billion yuan, an increase of 17.20 per cent over the same year, of which 3,992 million yuan, a growth of 17.12 per cent in the same quarter, was realized, and the income growth was robust. Sub-products, the soy sauces grew steadily: according to our southwest distributors, the aphids increased at the end of the restaurant.
We believe that, if China’s revenues are to continue to grow steadily, the future of the soy sauce will remain stable in the company’s current size, using its channels and brand advantages, and the rest will grow rapidly. The advance collection of supplies last year is not unusual, it is now back to normal, and the company remains strong about its bargaining power up and down.
The net Māori rate fell slightly in the three quarters alone, and the cost-rate increase fell in the same year. The company ' s net profit of $788 million, after deducting non-recurring gains and losses, was attributed to the parent company, which increased by 16.31 per cent, the Māori rate of sales was 45.08 per cent, which decreased by 1.37 pct and the net interest rate of sales by 22.14 per cent.
On the industry side, with the advantages of size, environmental protection, and increased consumer brand awareness, the sea sky will continue to enjoy the advantages of industrial concentration. On the corporate side, the sea is protecting the sea.
Two channels cover the deepest areas, with 96 per cent of local municipalities and 50 per cent of county markets covered by sea-day distribution at the end of 2017, and 70 per cent of catering channels, while the downside of the country ' s three or four-line cities and county-town markets, coupled with the increase in household consumption through ka, is a post-company extension space. Three products have the highest consumer acceptance, the highest profile of sea-based products, the best sale of products, and the best sales for distributors.
“Inner + Outward” growth will continue to raise the market share of the sea. The endogenous growth will build on the 2.5 million tons of productive capacity and the unreleased monthly M&A procurement of the Wang's spoilt milk products. In February 2017, the company acquired $6.3 billion in cash for the Dan and vinegar industries, and will build on its national network of channels for the future to expand the taste map.
Given that the combined competitive advantage of Sea-Thirteen as a leading firm in terms of products, capacity, channels, management is evident, the city’s share has increased further, with a higher margin, giving the company 40 times greater than in 2019, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The master’s degree in financial first degree from the University of Duren, and the undergraduate degree in specific proposals or ideas of the dual research assistant brief from the Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics are directly or indirectly relevant.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.