We've got a review of the seafood industry, and it's going to be very strong and productive for the next five years.
Wang Yongjian (Research Assistant) achieved a net return profit of $3.31 billion, an increase of 23.33 per cent over the same period, and a gain of $1.16 per share, an increase of 23.4 per cent over the same period; q3 achieved performance continued to sustain steady growth, with the effect of a “snowball” beginning to show: at the end of the income, the company was divided between the first three quarters and the first quarter.
Not to record growth of 17.2 per cent and 17.12 per cent and to maintain stability; to be affected by the restructuring of corporate incomes (the Māori rate for the soybean business, 47.11 per cent), on the other hand, the price of raw materials has remained largely stable in the third quarter, with the positive effects of the fall in raw material prices in the first half of the year being reduced. The company ' s net interest rate for the first three quarters was 24.64 per cent, a slight decrease over the average, and management (plus R & D costs).
There has been a small increase, mainly as a result of increased marketing inputs and research and development expenditures; companies have continued to increase their investment in marketing and goods in the third quarter, increasing brand barriers and accelerating the spread of products among target groups through programmes such as the title " Wonder Talent " ; and research and development costs have combined $424 million in the first three quarters, higher than in the previous year, through investment by research and development personnel and funds.
As a whole, the company’s performance and cost inputs in the first three quarters have remained relatively stable, with companies acting as the industry’s absolute champions, with more funding for research and development innovation and marketing than other firms in the industry’s equivalent R&D and marketing rates.
The Dan and vinegar industries have entered the growth path, and the multi-goods expansion has progressed steadily: the companies have achieved a minority shareholder gain or gain of 1.34 million in the last three quarters, mainly as a result of increased net profits in the Dan and vine industries, which have gradually been imported through branding and product innovation since the companies acquired Dan and vine industries.
The company has also increased its investment in the areas of alcohol, corrosive milk, and has accelerated product structural upgrading of the old soy sauce and aphids, which has been supplemented by a focus on the development of blending sauce and other products in the area of sauce.
The pattern is initially shaped. Multi-producer layouts, on the one hand, reduce the cost of catering customers' purchases, on the other hand, meet the diverse needs of household consumers, enhance the stickyness and brand loyalty of customers, and we look at corporate multi-producer energy and create more large-scale, single products that meet consumer needs.
In the next five years: the company currently has more than 2 million tons of total capacity, and the capacity utilization rate is maintained at a higher level, with a similar ratio being achieved. Energy end-of-life companies are increasing their capacity to upgrade and add to the production capacity of the former plant, increasing construction work to 713 million during the reporting period, increasing the pace of expansion of capacity, continuing to establish a leading position at the production end, and increasing production capacity.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City