The seafood industry (603288.sh) has become more robust, with 23% net profit in the last three quarters.
On a quarterly basis, 30 achieved a revenue of 4 billion dollars, a 17 per cent increase, a net profit of 880 million dollars, an increase in the same rate and a relatively low share of the bauxite, which, considering that the company did not raise prices this year, growth in income was mainly driven by sales, in advance.
In the main single item, soy sauce and aphids are expected to increase at different cost levels, and companies have excellent control capacity. The combined cost rate for the first three quarters is the same as in the same period last year (as calculated by the change in accounting policy, separate R & D costs, added here to the management costs), which is the same as in the previous year.
Between 0.1 percentage points and 18 per cent increase. 30 of these are higher financial costs from interest income compared to the same year.
First, at present, the company is shifting to a flavour platform with a rich product class, integrated and competitive. In addition, the company has a preponderance in pipelines, and now the sales network has infiltrated institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulation.
In most of the country’s counties, far more competitive than their competitors, there is a significant national competitive advantage. The company’s main raw materials are crops such as soybean (north-east soybeans) and white sugar, which are influenced by factors such as climate and international market futures prices, and there is a risk of price fluctuations, but the company is the industrial dragon.
In the first place, the supply relationship with upstream is stable, the cost implications of raw materials are relatively manageable, and the efficiency of operations can also help to stabilize the Māori rate. In addition, companies can find it less difficult to complete a five-year plan, despite downward pressure on the economy, by shifting prices downstream.
Highlighting, but maintaining a “holding” rating, taking into account the industry's weak cyclicality and corporate leadership. Figure 1: Unit of price trends for white sugar and soybean first-stages from 2017 to date: dollar/tonne strong buy-in strongbuy (er ~30%); buy-in buy (30% > er ~10%)