I'm going to take a look at this, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it.
This report looks at real-estate appliances from a variety of dimensions: the company is the lead in the low-pressure electrical industry in the country.
In recent years, good performance has been recorded in the field of photovoltaics for farmers. The dual-sector pattern of “low-pressure appliances + new light-voltage energy” was created in 1997 and the acquisition of new sources of energy was completed in 2016, creating a dual-sector “low-pressure appliances + new light-voltage energy”
Research and development, production and marketing of electronics, electrical appliances, etc.; in the field of photovoltaics, companies have a large number of opportunities for low-voltage appliances, with significant variations in industry patterns. Low-voltage appliances have basic capital in the country.
The demand for downstream applications, such as projects, has grown steadily, and the market for low-pressure appliances is expected to increase by 7-10% over the next three years, with China ' s low-pressure market going beyond 110 billion yuan in 2024, and the domestic distribution market, which accounts for about 89%, remains the main force. In 2018, low-pressure appliances formed a trade surplus.
The net export of low-pressure appliances has increased significantly since then, with a significant increase in the same value of net exports in 2021. The combined rate of growth of low-pressure appliances in 2015-2021 was 9.07%, while the share of domestic municipalities stabilized at a further increase in the market share of high-pressure appliances.
The company “Operation Blue Sea” boosts distribution channels and implements flat-level management. By the end of 2021, the company had 525 first-level distributors, 50 more than in 2020, and more than 5,000 second-tier distributors.
More than 100,000 end-course channels, with over 96% coverage at the municipal level at the level of a secondary channel. On the distribution side, scale effects and technological process improvements have increased the profitability of companies and bargaining power, but competition is increasing in the market; on the direct sales side, national production has been on the move, with positive trends towards 2020 and 2021.
In the overseas sector, companies are empowered through international action in the Blue Sea, and channels are expanding at a significant rate. Household use is economically good, and models are flexible. In 2021, domestic component prices were significantly higher.
In the case of the rise, the average increase in the number of additional units installed in the household with light voltage is still higher, and the demand for durability in the case of high component prices remains high. The distribution (especially household) is measured to be significantly higher than the centralized power station, with a significantly better economy and a higher investment value.
At times, household prices are higher, the links are more profitable, and the distributors are more motivated. Moreover, the household use of photovoltaics has created a variety of flexible models, with a lot of light-voltage lending and cooperative development.
And optimized to form a rolling business model of “Self-owned power generation + asset transfer return” that will improve asset quality and enable the rapid growth of support operations. In 2021, he took 22% of the market in the photovoltaic development market, and we expect 25% in 2022.
In 2022, we expect a higher rate of growth in the photovoltaic market for households, a higher rate of occupancy in the city of Jeong-tae, and a significant increase in the company’s income from the photovoltaic business. This pre-emerge + channel + brand advantage, with many years of experience in low-pressure electrical channel management, can be quickly replicated into the household, and companies can be built up.
In addition, there is wide scope for future growth in corporate transport services. Profit predictions and valuations suggest that we expect companies to achieve a net return profit by 2022-24, using the two-twin status of the photovoltaic industry and the future positive trend of the photovoltaic business.
Company 21xpe in 2022, with a reasonable valuation of $48.61, maintains a “better than the big market” rating. (3) The competition is intense and the pattern is deteriorating. (4) The epidemic has caused production to stagnate.