Forster's three-quarters review in 2024: short-term profits are hard to cover, leaders, travel through the sea, events: the company recently published three-quarter reports in 2024 and earned business income in the first three quarters of 2024.
Celaline taps have been consolidated, short-term earnings have been difficult to cover, and the company’s share of the market has increased. The company’s Celam tap is firmly in place, and we expect the company to deliver more than 700 million m2 in the third quarter of 2024, with industry reaching 50% +. It is subject to downstream demand, upstream raw material reporting.
One pcts, the ring ratio drops by 5.24 pcts. We believe that the profits from the membrane chain are expected to recover as the main chain competes to reduce the pressure. Short-term profits are under pressure, but there has been a significant increase in corporate and municipal ownership, the strong have been consistent in the globalization strategy, the firm's leading position, the company leads the film out of the sea, and the company travels through the cycle.
The first overseas production base, located in Thailand, was officially operational in 2018, and the company started building the base in Viet Nam in 2022 and began gradually releasing photo-voltaic membrane capacity in 2024, while the second phase of the expansion of the Thai base was launched, and the company ' s photo-film capacity abroad continued to expand in reverse.
Total equity/flow (billion shares) is expected to increase further the share of overseas component capacity as local capacity claims increase across regions around the world (millions of yuan)
The company’s photovoltaic material industry is dominated by photo-film and photo-voltaic backboards, as well as transmutation film (for hjt components), skin.
The skin membrane (for the 0bb process), butyl glue, structural glue, insulation, etc., is used for other photovoltage components < < Foster 2024 Quarterly Review: Tactile packaging and protected materials. As technology continues to evolve, the company is expected to rely on a rich matrix of products in technology.
The profit advantage of the tap is that electronic material is expected to increase the volume of electronic material. We expect that the volume of the company's exposure to the diaphragm will continue to grow significantly in the third quarter < h1 < < < < <1 < < < < < > > > < > > > , in the second half of the year.
High growth, a better Māori ratio, and a medium-term appreciation of corporate e-materials. The benefits of domestic demand will accelerate in the public year >--2019-08-19 Division client coverage is more comprehensive, and the corporate e-material industry will improve as national production is replaced and downstream demand improves.
"The amount of film produced has increased significantly, and the year-round yield has continued to grow at a high rate. Investment advice: the company, as a photovoltaic tap, leads the industry at a profit level, with light.
The elastic competition pattern is optimized, corporate profitability is expected to be restored, while benefiting from research, supply chain inputs and breakthroughs in electronic material operations, and corporate electronic material operations are expected to accelerate their release. Short-term exposure to upstream fluctuations in raw materials, increased competition in the photovoltaic sector, and we are downgraded.
Forster's three-quarter review in 2024: short-term profits are hard to cover, leader, sea travel cycle, three-quarter review in 2024: short-term profits are hard to cover, leader.
The Pacific Academy, the 2nd Unit D of the Northway 9th Expedition, Beijing City West Side.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.