The edge of the film tap is significant, the profit phase is under pressure, November 03, 2024 \triangleright \
The decline in profits, the decline in sales of photo-voltaic backboards and the increase in the exchange rate losses due to the exchange rate fluctuations in the United States dollar were a result of the combined effects.
\triangleright Industry Chain Prices are low and Component Rendering Rings are down, resulting in lower demand for film. According to the Sobi Consultation, raw materialseva particles dropped to $10,300/ton by the end of September, a 8.4% decline from the end of June.
The price of the Mingeva film fell to $6.1 per square metre at the end of September, which is 9.2 per cent lower than at the end of June, the price of the membrane is much lower than the price of raw materials, while 24q3 remains to be eliminated due to the general stock of particles in the film industry.
The price of pre-priced particles is added to the stock, resulting in a profit gain. 24q3 sells 12.82% of the Māori, and the ring compares with the Jubino king.
The edge of the film tap is significant, and it is expected to pass through the cycle in a smooth manner. Because of the market pattern of the film chain, and the strength of the company's technology development, cost control, and the resources of the mainstream domestic and external components, the advantages are evident.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company was able to maintain a relatively stable positive profit. In the future, the company will continue to operate through differentiated products.
To provide the best-priced encapsulation programme for new technologies such as topcon, hjt, obb, xbc, membrane battery, ore, etc., and to reduce the pressure caused by industry factors through increased overseas sales, with the prospect of smoothing through the photovolt industry cycle.
Globalization has had a significant advantage, with a reverse expansion of production abroad. The company took the lead in laying out the capacity for overseas film production, officially launched its first overseas production base in Thailand in 18 years, launched the construction of a Vietnamese base in 22 years, and in 24 years, 2. Forster (603806.sh) reported for the year 2023:
The film is less affected by the recent rise in international trade barriers, and the company owns the largest number of overseas component customers, with a leading advantage in terms of customer resources, product technology, and cost control.
3. Forster (603806.sh) Tri-quarters 2023 The Division will strengthen the global leadership of corporate film by focusing on development strategies for overseas capacity expansion.
4. Forster (603806.sh) mid-2023 reported a marked improvement in the profits of q2 vinyl, which was excellent in its ability to resist volatility The price of the plate was benchmarked at 29x, 20x, 15x in 2024-2026 and the company was photovoltaic.
Enterprises, expected to pass through the cycle in a smooth manner, maintain a “recommended” rating. 3-year, one-year review: profit phase stress, extension & p \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.