Dexahway (00292.sz) increased by 42 per cent in the same year in the quarter, while the production of domain controllers continued to be released at a net profit of $385 million, or +16 per cent, to the mother.
The company’s business performance has continued to increase as a result of the continued rapid increase in the penetration of high-level smart coaches and high-level intelligent driving products, as well as the further expansion of the client base of products like screens, navigation, and so on. The fall in rates compared with the fall in rates is mainly due to higher R & D efficiency and lower R & D costs.
On the one hand, at the stock end, the company’s important clients are ideal cars, Gilly cars, Chirre cars, a pop-up public, high-performance growth, incremental cars, or from ideal, gyro, and so on.
In the case of smart cabins, 15,800 million dollars were collected in 2023, compared to 34 per cent in 2023, new orders for smart cabins were annualized, sales were over $15 billion, and the company's third generation of high-performance smart cabin products were acquired Chirre cars and wide steam.
In the case of smart driving, in 2023, the company collected $4.49 billion in smart driving.
The new project order for the year 2010-2023 was over 24.5 billion, intellectual +74.4 per cent, and the new project order was sold over $8 billion a year, and the company ' s high-arimental platform acquired a new net profit for the third quarter of the year by 106 per cent, and smartness by 106 per cent.
Ideas for new lines such as cars, Volkswagen Eyan, Gilly, Walle, Lutus, Ultron, etc.; lightweight differentials platforms have been mainstreamed, foreign branding projects have been targeted. In addition, the ratio of revenue to the second quarter of 2023 in Desessive (002920.sz) has increased by 45%.
The Division accelerated its internationalization, with companies breaking through white point clients audi, tatamots, Dessehway (002922.sz) and the first quarter of 2023, with a 27 per cent increase in revenues over the first quarter of 2023, exceeding the paccar, gaining volkswagen, stellentis, Seet, skoda, vollvo, mazda,
The new project order for the year 2022 in Dessehway (0029220.sz) exceeded $20 billion by calling new project orders from clients, such as marutisuzuki, covering markets in Europe, South-East Asia, Japan and North America.
Figure 2: Desaiway's operating income for the first quarter and the same rate of increase
2024q1 Māori fell 1.8 pct over the same year, and net interest rates fell 1.4 pct over the same year. 2024q1 Māori for the Chinese AutoIndustry Association published data showing that 2024q1 of the country ' s passenger vehicle production was +6.54 per cent over the same year, while Texas received +42 per cent over the industry ' s 35 pct, and strong performance growth was largely due to higher sales by stock customers.
On the one hand, at the stock end, the company's major customers ideal cars, Gilly cars, Chirre cars, a crowd of people, a crowd of people, a fleet of Toyota, a wide range, on the other hand, the incremental model and the incremental product contributed to an important performance increase of 20241 and the incremental model of the car or the product derived from it.
For traditional car companies, the new models of Gilly, Biadei, Toyota are expected to continue to make a significant contribution in 2024. We are collating some of the mainstream models of Jili, Biadei, and sales of Biadi seals have continued since the market.
In the case of the new power, the next generation of autopilot controllers based on the English darin chip, ipu04, has been regulated.
The projects that created new forces and mainstream traditional car companies, such as cars, pelicans, have been targeted and are in the production phase, with sales of 3.26/209/237/0.32 million each, of which ideal l7, l8, l9 and +323% respectively, energy-motion-interactive, with Desselhewey as a motor and interactive motor intelligence tap for the future.
Cars, which can be divided roughly into sub-decks and sub-decks, which are physically interactive under the smart seat, field scenes, with the industrial chain broken down as "chips-systems-applications-shows-shows," screens, Hud, glass, car lights, etc., are expected to be core interactive products. Underboards are mainly smart power and smart driving, smart power is integrated into three.
Power systems, as the core energy support for the whole drive; intelligent driving, based mainly on the "sensor-calculation platform-auto-driving algorithm" to the implementation level, achieve horizontal and vertical control of the movement. In summary, the three core elements of the entire end of the smart car are energy, motion, interaction, and the Dexahway is a cluster of motion and interaction.
Figure 15: The three main elements of a future smart car at the end of a car: energy, motion, interaction.
The focus is on intelligent driving (20 per cent in 2023) and smart cabins (72 per cent in 2023), which is a fast-growing business for the company, with a central focus on intelligent driving domain controllers (ipu01, ipu02, ipu03, ipu04), and a robust business for the company, with a central focus on large bulk containers (liquids).
Crystal instruments, central controls, airspace controllers. Reciprocal development path, from smart cabins to intelligent driving, from large singles to integration, from autonomous-jointly owned-head, new forces and joint ventures, incremental (customers), price increases (high-value-added product product type extension)
It's a core logic that runs through Desaiway's clients and products. 20241, with the company's high-level smart cabin and high-level intelligent driving products continuously rising rapidly, and the dollar, where new smart-barrel orders are sold over $15 billion a year, smart-driving new project orders.
Yearly sales out of $8 billion. New products (higher prices), new customers (increasing numbers), support company breakthroughs. Figure 16: Smart driving in Desaiway, increase in smart cabin operations, price increases: product dimensions, focus on three major operations: smart cabins, smart drivers and network services.
At this stage, the company has successfully built healthy, balanced, sustainable industries.
The matrix, which focuses on three major business groups: smart cabins, smart drivers, web services, mature business, growth business, and incubating business three-way rolling curves, drives companies to grow and grow. In 2023, the company released a smart exit solution for efficient cutting-edge product technology.
Households provide a better road to auto-drive users' experience in conjunction with intelligent travel, which represents a step closer to the company's mission of creating a safer, comfortable and efficient travel life. 1) Smart cabins: annual sales of business earnings and new project orders passed $15 billion in 2023.
With regard to smart spaces, companies are committed to building new human interactions that satisfy future intelligent travel scenarios. Based on an understanding of the experiences of future users, smart interactive systems, smart display hardware, smart domain control hardware, smart computing solutions, re-engineering of travel experiences to meet the needs of users for their personal character in the use of car scenes.
In 2023, with a product mix diversification and market extension strategy, corporate smart cabin operations continued to grow at a rapid rate, with annualized sales of $15 billion in both business earnings and new project orders.
Figure 17: In 2023, the company closely aligned itself with market demand by introducing more differentiated smart cabin programmes that provide clients with more product options, while at the same time vigorously developing higher-performance smart cabin products and maintaining a stick-leading position.
The subliminal smart cabin product continues to expand, becoming the main engine for the growth of smart cabin operations, with customers such as the ideal car, Chiré, Hiromo Eyan, Hiromo, and others in 2023, as well as new projects targeted by multiple mainstream customers such as Chiré, Buerza, Eian, Biadei, etc.
New poles for the digital cabin solution in the automobile industry, the company's fourth generation smart cabin product with a stronger, more powerful and richer functional configuration, and the 2023 bell bell bell bell bell bell bell for forward-looking intelligent cabin class gold prizes. The fourth generation has now been set for new projects such as the ideal car, the Gilly, the Hiroshima Eyan, and the Condensed Motors.
More differential cabin controller programmes have become autonomous, joint brand new information and entertainment systems, display systems and LCD operations have continued to open up larger markets, obtaining more project orders in major international markets such as Europe, South-East Asia, Japan, and North America.
Toyota, Toyota, Volta, Volkswagen, Volkswagen, Seat, Audi, Stelantis, Skoda, tatamotos,
New projects targeted by mainstream domestic and foreign clients, such as cat, LCDs acquired new projects targeted by Biadi cars, wide-air vehicles, and new projects targeted by customers such as Eyan, Hiroshima Toyota, stellantis, cat. With regard to new products, auto domain controllers have acquired new items for customers such as ideal cars, kryptons, Gilly cars, etc.
Targeting; Hud operation has been project-specific and tested with the "Slash Projection & Double-Imaging Ar-Hud" award; the technical solution for electronic rear-viewing products has been tested with excellent data more than double the national bid requirement; and it has been passed through the national standard gb15084-2022 on the performance and installation requirements of the motor vehicle indirect vision device.
2) Smart driving: New projects order sales out of $8 billion a year, smart driving, companies are committed to providing industry's leading smart driving solutions, product coverage, smart driving computing systems, sensors, algorithms, etc., to create safe, comfortable and efficient intelligence for users around the world.
In 2023, the company ' s smart driving business continued to grow at a high rate, with operating revenue of $4,485 million, an increase of 74.43%, and sales of new project orders exceeding $8 billion a year. With the widespread application of smart driving, especially the scale of the high-level smart driving function, represented by the city ' s noa.
Commercial high-growth opportunities will drive corporate smart driving to maintain high-growth growth. Figure 18: Delceyway smart driving, as smart driving functions are upgraded and spread, cars will face enormous safety challenges.
In late 2023, the company obtained a certificate from the international authority, ulsoltions, for the certification of the expected functional security process of the smart car solution, Iso 21448 (sotif), which marks the company’s expected functional safety in the management and control of road vehicles.
The company’s smart-driving domain controller products have been industry leaders for many years, with a more balanced and well-balanced product matrix that is fully aligned with differentiated market demands. A high-calculation platform has produced ideal cars, pelican cars, and a high-yielding system.
A number of companies, such as Lutus, Hiromo-Eyan, Atokark and others, have acquired new project orders from more than 10 cars, such as the ideal car, Hiromo-Eyan, Gilly-Car, the Great Wall, Lutus, and the Greater Krypton vehicles; lightweight differentials. The platform has gained major autonomy, foreign branding, and will be expanded to a larger number of customers in 2023.
The company has continued to promote the development of pilot-carriage integration products, with the benefit of cutting-edge multi-domain integration systems solutions.
Sensors and t-box products are an important part of the smart-driving back-to-back program, and companies are already leading the market. In 2023, company cameras and t-box products continued to grow in scale and to break through the main solar joint brand and get new project fixes.
Client ' s new project order, of which 77ghz mm wave radar product crd03 was certified as an Iso2662asil (Car Safety Completeness Level)b and obtained a certificate of functional safety product certification issued by the leading global certification agency, Dekra de Kaye, Germany, marking the company ' s achievement of functional security in the area of millimetre wave radar product
3) Network operations: products cover smart network ecosystems, basic software platforms, smart access, smart week side products, network security, ota, etc.
Integrated solutions, such as battalion, basic software, smart access, assist the garage in building an overall car network ecological capability, as well as operating service capabilities, and in upgrading the vehicle fleet and service experience.
Network services are the third largest business of the company and the key to the company’s future and longer-term development. The company is committed to software and big data applications to assist the garage in building overall car network ecological capabilities and operating service capabilities.
White-point clients, such as mercdes-benz, continue to receive new orders for high-voltage, toyota, one-to-public customers, including smart network ecosystems, basic software platforms, smart access, intellectually capable products, network security, ota, etc.
The smart network ecology has added to cutting-edge technologies such as large models, 3d immersion engines and continuously upgrades the use of the cabin ecology; the basic software platform has released the soaanywhere technology architecture; the intelligence access takes full advantage of the technology; the deep storage of the technology; and the integration with the intelligent cabin and the depth of the intelligent driving, which greatly expands the application of the digital key;
In 2023, the company’s network ecological partner introduced the official media for the first time and worked in depth with Radio and Television Guangdong; as an important ecological partner in the intelligent walk-in casket track.
"Strategic Partnership in Industry" rating as outstanding. Increase: Client dimension, company opening up international markets, client structure strengthening. 2023. Multi-channeling companies opening markets, building a more balanced and healthy customer structure.
Companies continue to pursue the “old customer, new product” strategy by increasing the product supply category in core clients; and at the same time, they pursue high-end brands and a small number of important white-point clients. In international markets, firms build a global service system based on headquarters empowerment and quickly open up major global automobile markets.
In 2023, the company broke through the domestic market and acquired new project orders from a large number of mainstream clients, such as the ideal car, Chiré, Gilley, Hiromoyan, Walle, Hiromi, Biadi, Toyota, Volkswagen, Volkswagen, Volkswagen. In the international market, the company made a breakthrough.
Some customers, audi, tatamotos, Paccar, have acquired new project orders from customers such as volkswagen, stellentis, Seet, skoda, volvo, Mazda, marutisuzuki, covering European, South-East Asian, Japanese and North American markets. As more customers have opened up at home and abroad, the company’s client base has become richer.
Desaichevy insists on client-centred organizational management, leading to eco-openness, working together with global clients to grow and gain broad client recognition. Overseas, the company, one of the only five winners in the world, was awarded the Toyota Regional Contribution Award for 2023.
The company was awarded the “Ideal Top” award, the “Chire Motors Excellence Award”, the “Hong Kong-Ean-O” partnership award, the “Twenty-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five” partnership, the “Great Wall Cars True Partnership Award”, the “Jiley Motor Best Value Contribution Award”, the “Small-Ass-Ass-Ass-Ass-As-Ass-As-Ass-As-Ass-Ass-As-As-As-As-As-As-Asss-As-As-Ass-Ass-Ass-Ass-As-Ass-Ass-As-Ass-As-As-As-As-Ass-As-Ass-Ass-As-Ass-Ass-As-Ass-Ass-As-Ass-As-As-As-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-
Peng Cars and Peng Tournament, "Biandi Cars Best Partner 2023", "Long An Motors Strategic Life Award", "Hanami Toyota Original Price Award" and "Hanaga Toyota Quality Award" , March 22, 2024, "Regional Contribution Award" — one of Toyota's highest honours — and this year, there are only five offers.
Toyota's high recognition of his tireless commitment to Desai Wei is an important symbol of the partnership between the two sides. Figure 20: Desai Wei will be awarded the “Ideal Top” Award for three years in a row.
(b) Research and development: strengthening the development of a global R & D system to improve the effectiveness of R & D Long-term high-level and focused R & D inputs by companies to ensure continuous technological leadership.
Maintaining a high level of R & D investment requires more efficient R & D systems to ensure that R & D is most effective. In 2023, companies continued to build up platforms, digitization, standardization, cross-cutting, cross-regional R & D institutions, and improved R & D efficiency.
The University of Electronic Technology, Hunan University, Nanyang University of Singapore, the National University of Singapore, the Meridian Laboratory, and other leading national and international institutions and research institutions collaborate in producing research and research, both internally and externally, to accelerate the transformation of science, technology and innovation into productivity and innovation-driven development. As research and development results continue to evolve and accumulate, companies are technologically active.
The company’s smart cabins, smart driving products have taken a full lead in terms of technology, quality, market, size, etc., as automobile electronics are held.
With continuous upgrading and continuous accumulation of R & D, the competitiveness of the company’s products will continue to grow. Desai Wei, as a car’s electronic leader: 1) Traditional products benefit from a one-car upgrade in value: a car with a central control screen and a liquid crystal instrument is a cabin power.
The sub-core component, which is the portal to the future intelligent motor vehicle interaction, has in recent years experienced an upgrade in content, quality, and form of driver's demand for car-borne entertainment systems. The overall trend is from partition to integration, from key to primary, with a single-car value raised from the original 600 to 700 to over $2,000, with Dessehway as an autonomous vehicle.
The hub of the company has benefited from the upgrading of its traditional automobile business. 2) The focus on new products outside the mainframe business is smart driving, smart cabins, smart grids: smart cabins, 2023. The company smart cabin business received $15.8 billion, compared to 34 per cent, year-round smart seats.
The new class orders were sold over $15 billion a year, while the third generation of high-performance smart class products had produced the ideal car, Chiría, Hiromo Eyan, Guangcar, etc., in 2023, and had been set up by a number of mainstream customers such as Chirí, Bulk, Bulk Ean, Biadei, etc.
In terms of smart driving, in 2023, the company's smart driving business generated $4.49 billion.
Same year +74.4 per cent, the new project order was sold over $8 billion a year, and the company's high-calculus platform had produced a couple of cars, pelicans, Lutus, Guang-Ayan, Kirk, etc., and new projects were ordered for more than 10 cars.
Single: The lightweight differential platform has gained a mainstream autonomy and foreign branding project fixes, which will be replicated for more customers. On the smart network side, ISPs have gone beyond the ideal cars, Chang An cars, pelican cars, fast-track cars, mercides-benz, and continue to get the upper-airs for Mitsubishi, Hiroshima Toyota, I, etc.
New project orders for clients such as V-P, products covering smart network ecosystems, basic software platforms, smart access, smart perimeter products, network security, ota, etc. 3) Client structures are optimized year by year, with core client groups including mainstream autonomous brand clients, joint venture brand clients and others.
In 2023, the company broke through the domestic market and acquired the ideal cars, Chiré, Jili, Hiro-Ean, Walle, Broad-Car, Biadi, Hiro-Toyota, Homo-Puerta, Volkswagen, Volkswagen, Volkswagen.
New project orders from mainstream clients. In international markets, companies break through white-point customers Audi, tatamotos, Paccar, and get new project orders from customers such as volkswagen, stellantis, Seet, skoda, volvo, mazda, maruti suzuki, covering markets in Europe, South-East Asia, Japan and North America.
The opening up of internal and external customers, the enrichment of the company’s client base, and a more balanced client structure. Continuously looking at the company’s intelligent core layout (interactive + driving), third-generation and fourth-generation smart cabin products have been scaled up, ipu03 and ipu04 have been produced, and lightweight differential platforms have gained mainstream autonomy and foreign investment.
The branding project will be scaled up to a larger number of clients and will be enriched with orders that are expected to continue to exceed the line by over $24.5 billion a year, with future performance expected to continue to grow at a high rate. 2) Smart driving tools are more scarce, and companies are currently a few producers with capacity to produce.
Industry autopilots are scarce, industry space is large and fast, maintaining the one-year target valuation for Dessahewy (with the author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence, through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject)