In 2023, new orders for new projects were exceeded by $24.5 billion, fast growth in smart-driving camps, net profit of $590 million for Desaiway, an increase of 19 per cent from the same year.
The fall in rates over the same period was mainly due to the higher efficiency of R & D and lower R & D costs. The high growth of stock customers combined with the increase in vehicle-type emissions contributed to a significant performance increase of 20204.
At the stock end, the company's important clients, ideal cars, Gilly cars, Great Wall cars, a crowd of people, a wide-breathing car, and incremental products, contributed to a significant performance growth of 202,304, either in incremental vehicles or from intellectuals, Jili, Toyota, Hiroshi, Chiri, etc.
In the case of smart cabins, 15,800 million dollars were collected in 2023, compared to 34 per cent in 2023, new orders for smart cabins were annualized, sales were over $15 billion, and the company's third generation of high-performance smart cabin products were acquired Chirre cars and wide steam.
In the case of smart driving, in 2023, the company collected $4.49 billion in smart driving.
Same year +74.4 per cent, new project orders went over $8 billion a year, company high-calculus platform acquired a 106 per cent increase in net profits in the third quarter, smart cars, big-bond Eyan, Gilly, Wall Walls, Lutus, Trek, etc.
In addition, the Department has stepped up its internationalization, with companies breaking through white-point clients, audi, tatagors, etc.
The first quarter of 2023 saw a 27 per cent increase in the first quarter of the year in De Cecives (002920.sz) over Paccar, who obtained over $20 billion in new annualized project orders from volkswagen, stellentis, Seet, skoda, volvo, Mazda, Texas (0029220.sz) and 2022.
New project orders for clients like marutisuzuki, covering markets in Europe, South-East Asia, Japan and North America.
Overall, in 2023, as the company’s high-level smart cabin and high-level intelligent driving product penetration continued to increase rapidly, and as the client base of products such as screens, navigation, etc. was further expanded, the company’s business performance was renewed. The annual compound growth rate was 47.70%.
(20234, domestic passenger vehicle output was 200.0 per cent compared to +23.0 per cent compared to +23.0 per cent), and the continued growth was mainly due to an increase in sales of corporate smart cabins and smart driving products.
Figure 6: Quarterly comparison of the increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the growth rate at Camp Desai Weiwei, Figure 9: Changes in the four rates at Desai Wei Wei, Figure 10: Changes in the four rates at Desai Wei
According to data released by the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, 2023q4 per cent of the country ' s passenger vehicle output was equal to +23.02 per cent, while Desai Occidental received the same to +54 per cent, surpassing industry 31 pct, and strong performance growth was mainly due to high stock customer sales growth, the build-up of new clients and the rapid uphill sales of new projects. On the one hand, the stock end, the stock end, the public.
With significant performance growth of 2023q4, incremental vehicle models or from ideal, Jili, Toyota, Hiro, and traditional car companies, the new models of Jili, Biadei, and Toyota are expected to continue to make significant contributions in 2024. We have combed the mainstream models of Jili, Biadei, and since the market, the sales of Biadi seals have continued.
With respect to the new power of the car, the small pipu03 autopilot controllers have been produced on the p5 and p7, while the next generation of autopilot controllers, ipu04, based on the British Weldaorin chip, has been given the ideal car, the pelican.
Projects, such as cars, which have led to new forces and mainstream traditional car companies are targeted and are in a production-scale climbing period of 2022h2, with figures 14: p5, p7, ideal l7, l8, l9 monthly sales (vehicles) and figure 13: delivery of 2021q1-2023q4 (vehicles) for new car-making forces
Energy-motion-interactive, Dessauvres-mixed and interactive car intelligence taps. For the future, cars can be divided around the chassis and below the chassis, which is a live view of the human interaction under the smart cabin, broken down by the industrial chain as "chips-systems-applications-shows," screens, hud, glass, lights, etc.
It is expected to be a core interactive product. Under the chassis are mainly smart electric power and smart driving, smart motor integrated three power systems, which support the core energy of the entire drive; smart driving is based mainly on the role of Sensor-Calculation Platform-Auto-Driving Algorithms to the implementation level to achieve horizontal and vertical motion control. In summary, in the future,
The three core elements of the smart car end, energy, motion, interaction, and the Drexeyway movement and the one-body, intelligent car. Figure 15: The three core elements of the future smart car end, energy, motion, interaction
Desecway: As a motorist and interactive motor intelligence locomotive, the heart of Desecway's business ends is in intelligent driving (receipt of 20%), smart cabins (receipt of 72%). Smart driving is a fast-growing business for the public, and the core is in intelligent driving domain controllers (ipu01, ipu02, ipu03, ipu03).
ipu04), the smart cabin is a firm business, the core of which is the large single thing in the cabin (LCD, control, airspace controller).
Joint-venture-head ownership, new forces and joint ventures, volume increases (to clients), price increases (high-value-added product product product product product extension) are the core logic that permeates Desaiway’s clients and products. In 2023, the penetration rate of corporate and high-level intelligent driving products continued to increase rapidly, and
Shows a further expansion of the client base of products like screens, navigation, etc., and the company ' s business performance is re-innovated. In 2023, the public exchange growth rate was 43.99%; the annualized sales of new project orders went up by $24.5 billion, of which the smart cabin went through the year; the annualized sales of both the sales of new project orders went up by $15 billion; and the annualized sales of smart drivers.
Four hundred and eighty-eight million dollars, an increase of 74.43 per cent over the same period, and eight billion dollars in annual sales on new project orders. The breakthroughs in new products (prices up), new customers (volume increases) underpinned high growth in corporate performance.
Price rises: Product dimensions, focusing on three major operations: smart cabins, smart drivers and network services. Companies are deeply focused on the efficient integration of the three main areas of smart cabins, smart drivers and network services, and continue to develop highly integrated smart hardware and leading software algorithms to provide safe, comfortable and efficient migration for global clients.
At this stage, the company has succeeded in building a healthy, balanced, sustainable industry matrix with three clusters of smart pods, smart drivers, web services, mature business, growth business, incubating business three development curves, driving the company to grow.
The launch of the smart travel solution of high-efficiency cutting-edge product technology, smartsolotion 2.0, represents a step closer to the company's mission of creating a safer, more comfortable and more efficient travel life by providing households with a better road for coordinated intellectual driving.
1) Smart seats: In 2023, sales of both business earnings and new project orders passed $15 billion a year, and in the case of smart spaces, the company is committed to building new human interactions that satisfy future intelligent travel scenarios. Based on an understanding of the experiences of future users, it relies on intelligent interactive systems, intelligent displays of hardware, intelligence.
Field control hardware, smart computing solutions, re-engineering of travel experiences to meet users' personal needs in a car scene, providing users with a safe and comfortable and easy travel experience. In 2023, corporate smart cabin operations continued to grow rapidly, driven by product mix diversification and market extension strategies.
The new project orders were sold over $15 billion a year. Figure 17: Desaiway smart cabin business, 2023.
The third generation of high-performance smart class products continues to spread across the world, becoming the main engine for the growth of smart cabin operations, with clients in 2023 producing ideal cars, Chirre cars, Hiromoyans, Hiromotel cars, etc., and acquiring Chirés.
New projects are targeted for a number of mainstream clients, such as cars, cars, cars, cars, cars, and cars. As a new beacon for digital seating solutions in the automobile industry, the company’s fourth generation smart cabin products have a stronger, more powerful and more functional configuration, and are awarded the 2023 bell prize for forward-looking intelligent cabin class gold prize, currently the fourth generation.
The product of the cabin has been identified as a new project for the customers of the ideal car, Gilly, Busa Eyan, and Condensed Cars, and it has been produced in bulk. More differential compartment control programmes have become autonomous, joint branding of new information and entertainment systems, display systems and LCD operations continue to open up larger markets in Europe, South-East Asia,
In 2023, the company’s information and entertainment system was made available to Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, Volkswagen, Volkswagen Popular Platforming Project, which shows that the system has been made available to guild cars, Chiri cars, ideal cars, Wall cars, Biadi cars, automobiles, cars on board, Chang An cars, cars on board.
New projects targeted by mainstream domestic and foreign clients such as the upper-gas public, upper-air general, volkswagen, Seet, Audi, stellantis, skoda, tatamotos, cat, etc. LCDs have acquired new projects targeted by Biadi cars, wide-blue vehicles, wide-air vehicles, and others such as Eyan, Toyota, Stillantis, Cat.
With regard to new products, auto domain controllers have obtained new project fixation points for customers such as ideal cars, kryptonite and Gilly; Hud operations have received project fixation and have passed through countries with the "Slash Projection & Double Image Ar-Hud" award; and the technical solution for electronic rearview products has doubled the number of excellent data over the national bid requirement.
Standard gb15084-2022 Test of Motor Vehicle Indirect Visualise Device Performance and Installation Requirements and has passed 2) Smart Drivers: New Project Order Annualized Sales over $8 billion Smart Drivers, Company committed to providing industry-led overall smart driver solutions, product coverage
With smart driving computing systems, sensors, algorithms, etc., creating safe, comfortable, and efficient intellectual driving services and experiences for users around the world. In 2023, the company’s smart driving business continued to grow at a high rate, generating operating income of $4.485 billion a year, an increase of 74.43 per cent, and sales of new project orders exceeded $8 billion a year.
With the widespread use of smart driving, especially the scale of the high-level smart driving function, represented by the city's noa, commercial high-growth opportunities will drive companies to maintain high-speed growth in smart driving.
With the upgrading and spread of smart driving, cars will face enormous security challenges. Companies have reached industry leadership in the areas of smart driving, product function security, and cyber security.
The expected functional safety process certification certificate marks an internationally advanced level of risk in managing and controlling the expected functional safety of road vehicles, and the safety and security of corporate intelligent driving products. Corporate smart-driving domain controller products have been leading the industry for many years in a row, with a more balanced product matrix.
Quite a mix of different market demands. The high-calculation platform has produced a number of cars, such as the ideal car, the pelican car, the Lutus car, the Guang-Ayan car, the Kirk car, and many new project orders, such as the ideal car, the Hiro-Ayan car, the Gilli-car, the Wall, the Lutus, the Kirk-car, and more than 10 new ones; light-weight differentials.
In 2023, the company continued to promote the development of pilot-carriage integration products, with the benefits of a multi-area integration system solution based on the frontier of the industry.
Sensors and t-box products are an important part of the smart driving back-to-back program, and the company has already gained a market lead in the business. In 2023, the supply of company cameras and t-box products continued to rise and make a breakthrough.
A joint venture brand with a new project location. A millimetre-wave radar operation obtains a new project order from its clients, such as Huayan, a red flag, with a 77ghz-mm wave radar product, crd03 certified through the Iso2662asil (Car Safety Integrity Level)b product and a global leading certification agency, Dekra de Kaye, Germany.
Issuance of certification certificates for functional safety products that mark the company ' s achievement of functional safety in the area of millimetre-wave radar products) network operations: products covering smart network ecosystems, basic software platforms, smart access, smart weeks, edge products, network security, ota, etc.
On the smart network side, the focus is on vehicle-borne software development and operation services, providing holistic solutions such as ecological and transport camps, basic software, and smart access for the garage, assisting the factory in building an overall car-networked ecological capability and operating service capabilities, and upgrading the whole car-use and service experience.
Figure 19: Intelligent Networking Services in Texas, the third largest business in the company, is key to the company ' s future and longer-term development. The company is committed to software and big data applications to assist the garage in building overall car network ecological capabilities and operating service capabilities.
In 2023, ISPs went beyond the ideal car, Chang An, Pills, Shortway, Mercedes-benz, and continued to receive new project orders for the general type of Mitsubishi, Hiro-toyota, One-to-Pulse clients, including smart network ecosystems, basic software platforms, smart access, intelligence.
The Smart Network Ecology has joined the front-line technologies of large models, 3d immersion engines, etc., to continuously enhance the ecological use of the cabin; the basic software platform has released soaanywhere technology architecture; and intelligent access to take full advantage of the technology.
A deep reserve, combined with a smart cabin and intelligent driving depth, greatly expands the application of digital keys; The intelligent surrounding ecology continues to enrich the experience of seamless connections between cars and mobile devices. The rich ecology is a key component of the development of the online services industry, in 2023, the company’s network ecological partner introduced the official media for the first time.
In-depth collaboration between Radio-Television East (RTE-East); as an important ecological partner in the intelligent travel course, it was rated as a “industry strategic partner” of excellence.
In 2023, companies opened their markets through multiple channels, creating a more balanced and healthy customer structure. In the domestic market, companies continued to pursue the “old customer, new product” strategy, increasing the supply of products in core clients; and also, high-end brands, and a few important white-point customers. In international markets, companies built on home-based endowments.
In 2023, the company broke through the local market and acquired the ideal cars, Chiré, Gilley, Hiromoyan, Walle, Hiromi, Biadi, Hiroto, Toyota, Uta,
In the international market, companies break through the white point customers Audi, tatamotos, Paccar, and get new project orders from customers such as volkswagen, stellentis, Seet, skoda, volvo, mazda, marutisuzuki, etc.
Asian, Japanese, and North American markets. As more domestic and foreign customers expand, the corporate client base becomes richer, and Desaiway insists on client-centred management, creating a client-oriented organizational management system, leading to eco-openness, cooperation, growth with global clients, and recognition by a wide range of customers.
One of the five winning vendors was awarded the Toyota Regional Contribution Award for 2023. At home, in 2023, the company was awarded the “Ideal Top Award”, the “Chire Award for Excellence in Automobile Development”, the “Hanja Eane Ten Partnership Award”, the “Twenty-Fifty Vendors”, the “One Gas-Personal Outstanding Partnership”, and the “Great Wall Cars”
Real Partnership Award, "Giley's Best Value Contribution Award", "Advanced Volcano's Best Vendor", "The Small Cars and Pelicans" , "Byadi's 2023 Best Partner", "Long-Ann's Vehicle Strategic Life Award", "Hanoto Toyota's Best Price Award" and "Hong-Boa Toyota Quality Award" , March 22, 2024.
The year's Regional Contribution Award, one of the highest honours of Toyota's cars, has been awarded to only five suppliers this year, many of which have been highly recognized by Toyota's car for its unremitting commitment to Desaixive, and an important symbol of the partnership between the two sides as a rock.
Figure 20: Desirable Top Award for three years in a row, Figure 21: Toyota 's 2023 Regional Contribution Award and Credit Award for Desecway Research and Development: Strengthening the Global R & D System to Enhance the Effectiveness of R & D
In 2023, while maintaining a high level of R & D input, more efficient R & D systems are needed to ensure that R & D is most effective. In 2023, companies continued to promote platforms, digitization, standardization, cross-cutting, cross-regional R & D.
In addition, the company actively collaborates in research and development with leading national and international institutions and research institutions, such as Nakayama University, South China University of Technology, Chengdu University of Electronic Technology, Hunan University, Nanyang University of Singapore, National University of Singapore, Iwa Chau Laboratory, etc., in order to create internal and external synergies and accelerate scientific and technological innovation.
As R & D results continue to shift and accumulate, companies grow by 26.23% the same year, cumulatively participate in or dominate more than 80 national and international standard-setting and discussion, and plants are certified through the Gb/t29490-2013 enterprise intellectual property management system.
Driving products have taken a full lead in terms of technology, quality, market, size, and as automobile electronics continue to upgrade and research and development build up, the competitiveness of the company’s products will continue to grow.
1) Traditional products have benefited from the increase in the value of bicycles: the engine that contains the control screen and the LCD instrument is the core module of the cabin, which is the entrance to the interaction of the future smart car, and in recent years the driver's demand for the car-borne entertainment system has been upgraded in content, quality, and form. The overall trend is from partition to integration, from button to button.
In body screens, the value of the bike has been raised from 600 to 700 to over $2,000, and Desaiway, as the hub of the autonomous company, has benefited from the upgrading of the traditional motor vehicle business.) The focus on new products outside the mainframe business is on smart driving, smart seating, smart network: smart seating.
With regard to the class, in 2023, the company's smart cabin business was raised at $15.8 billion, compared to +34 per cent, during the year, the new class orders were sold at $15 billion a year, and the third generation of high-performance smart cabin products were produced in 2023 with ideal cars, Chiré cars, Hiromoyans, Broadbus cars, etc., and also with customers such as Chirres.
The company’s fourth generation of smart cabin products has been targeted for new projects for customers such as ideal cars, Gilly cars, Hiromoyans, Modular cars, etc., and has been supplied in bulk. More differential airspace control programmes have become autonomous and joint ventures.
With regard to smart driving, in 2023, the company's smart driving business generated $4.49 billion, i.e. +74.4 per cent, and the new project's order was sold at an annual rate of $8 billion.
In the case of the Smart Network, ISPs outpaced the ideal cars, the Chang-An, the Ping-Peng, the Jae-Ji, and others.
White-point clients such as motor cars, mercedes-benz, and continue to receive new project orders for high-voltage customers such as Mitsubishi, Toyota, Volkswagen-Public, including smart network ecosystems, basic software platforms, smart access, smart neighborhood products, network security, ota, etc.
3) The client structure is optimized year by year, with core client groups including mainstream autonomous brand clients, joint venture brand clients and overseas customers, companies actively exploring international markets and strengthening their client structure. In 2023, the company broke through the domestic market and acquired the ideal cars, Chirí, Jili, Hiroshima Eyan, the Great Wall.
In the international market, companies break through the white point customers audi, tatamotos, paccar, and get volkswagen, stellentis, Seet, skoda, volvo, mazda, maruti.
New project orders for clients like suzuki, covering markets in Europe, South-East Asia, Japan, and North America. As more customers from within and outside the country expand, the client base of companies becomes richer and more balanced.
Watching companies in the intelligent core layout (interactive + driving), third-generation and fourth-generation smart cabin products have achieved mass production, ipu03, ipu04, and lightweight differential platforms have gained mainstream ownership, foreign branding project fixes, which will be replicated to a larger number of clients and will be enriched with order output and expected to continue to outpace the industry.
New orders are sold at over $24.5 billion a year, and future performance is expected to remain high. 2) Smart driving is more scarce, companies are now a few producers with a capacity to produce, industry is scarce, industry is big, growth is fast, and a one-year target valuation for Desaixivee is maintained.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject