Core competitiveness continues to improve, and Davids is expected to hit twice.
1) Since 2019, companies have been active in raising the share of consumer advertisers in their collections, and there is much room for improvement in the future. Consumer advertisers, unlike Internet advertisers, have a very regular marketing strategy, and consumer companies have a demand for products every year.
In 2019, when Internet advertisers pushed their advertising down dramatically, their consumer customers continued to grow by 21%, thus showing a significant decline in the size of consumer companies as long as they did not.
The announcement will also be stable. 2) Competition in the future for the new energy vehicle industry will increase, and both traditional car companies and new car-making forces will increase their advertising, and their client base will match the medium-to-high-end clients facing the market. There will be a significant increase in consumption and new energy customers in the future.
The mass media will benefit from the tendency of advertisers to switch their advertising budgets from online to offline. Online advertising is subject to a decline in technical accuracy, high flow prices, and uncertain video programmes.
In the future, a large number of companies will switch their ads from line to line. The split media will be the front line, with one- or two-line coverage having the absolute advantage of being the mainstream medium preferred by the advertisers when they put the ads.
The advertising industry, Beta, is expected to bounce back in 2022, valuations, or major repairs. Current macroeconomic expectations are at their most pessimistic moment, accompanied by improvements in liquidity, and the future.
The stimulus of capital and consumer policies, and the prospect of macroeconomic fundamentals approaching low and low levels next year, include pessimistic macroeconomic expectations, and we believe that the current level of pe valuation is significantly underestimated and there is much room for upswing, based on the current harvest and future business forecasts.
▪ There is limited scope for improving the cost of competition patterns in 2022, and we expect to maintain up to 5 per cent of the increase in the number of points: although the largest new wave of competitors in the media will be registered in Hong Kong, the annual report and the 2021 I report will be rated as performance:
However, regardless of the amount of money that the new tide will raise in Hong Kong, the new tide will not expand significantly in the future, as expected in supermarkets, and Internet education policy will only optimize its current location.
The level of profit, the substantial expansion, would result in a loss, so the two would not have a bit of a competitive pattern.2 Performance: so the split media would not have a large expansion of points, their cost would have increased less, and advertising prices would have been less expensive.
Much improvement, rapid recovery with economic recovery, and high growth in client investment will be sustained, profit growth will be possible. The cycle re-emerges, and new consumption opens up.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on continuous optimization of the company ' s customer structure and year-round performance guidance, original growth space 2020-10-22 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board