The impact of the short-term epidemic is no impediment to long-term value growth.
The period is already included in the stock price: even if the economic expectations and the mood in the capital market are poor, the valuation of the crowds is largely based on their anti-inflation business model and strong leadership, rather than on the pace of growth in their performance. We believe that the market pessimistic expectations for the current quarter are present.
The impact of the epidemic on performance is short-term, and the current level of valuation is high: the impact of the epidemic is only short-term, and the intensity of the epidemic is more restraint than in the past, with its impact on performance.
Limited. In addition, the 2021 epidemic also spread widely in the country, with large contractions in advertising by educational advertisers, but the crowds have still met their 2021 goal of $6.02-62 billion in profits, companies are still resilient, and we still have confidence in the growth of our performance in 2022 for the long term.
Looking at the future of China's brand economy, whose long-term value is unquestionable, now the media are strengthening their alpha capabilities by restructuring their clients, and the nature of economic cycle fluctuations are gradually decreasing: since 2019, companies have been actively raising the share of consumer advertisers in their collections, and in the future, they have been able to raise the number of consumers.
There is also much room for improvement. Consumer-type advertisers are different from Internet advertisers, their advertising strategies are highly regular, and consumer-type enterprises have annual demand for product advertising, so their advertising accounts for a fixed percentage of revenue, and do not fluctuate much like Internet-based companies.
During the year’s dramatic downswing of advertising by Internet advertisers, consumer-type customers continued to grow by 21%, so that their advertising will remain stable as long as there is no significant drop in consumer-type businesses’ revenues. The correlation between crowd media and macroeconomic cycle fluctuations will gradually decrease.
The advertising industry Beta is expected to bounce back in 2022, and valuations are expected to be substantially repaired: the macroeconomic expectations are now at the most pessimistic moment, and the company’s valuations are expected to go up again with improved liquidity and gradual economic validation.
It contains pessimistic expectations of the macroeconomy, based on the current collection situation and the forecast of future operations, and an assessment of the performance of the annual report and the 2021 I quarterly report, and we believe that the current level of pe valuation is significantly underestimated and there is much room for upswing.
Supermarket expectations, Internet education policy tightening has limited impact. 2021-04-23  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We are based on the effects of the epidemic and the absence of educational advertisers.
2. Media Division (002027): Significant improvement in performance, rapid recovery from economic recovery, re-emergence of new consumption
Growth Spaces 2020-10-22. Big excess expectations. Business stoppages. East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory committee.