Yunnan White (000538), medical biology, state of the land, new drugs, fast-starting Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Recommended logic: 1) Yunnan White Drug Series tops in the bone injury industry, expanding the field of rehabilitation devices; 2) Brand value extension model matures, with up to 22% of Yunnan White Toothpaste market, sustained strength in skin protection, hair washing, hygiene; 3) mixed land with employee shareholding plus incentive to secure 10% of roe in the future
• Precision and rapid growth in the strategic objectives of the main business. Drugs, health care, Chinese medicine, and medicine businesses have different market positions. 1) Star products: they are represented by Yunnan White Toothpaste, characterized by high market penetration and high growth rates, and products continue to innovate and have high growth potential in 2020.
The annual revenue of the Ministry of Health is $5.4 billion, an increase of 15 per cent over the same year, the toothpaste market is over 22 per cent, and the leading position is further strengthened. (2) Gold cow products: the traditional core business pharmaceutical industry and the pharmaceutical business sector are denominated, while creating a brand base for white medicine and providing a steady cash flow to incubate other product lines 2020.
Business achieved annual revenues of $21.5 billion, an increase of 13%, and after a two-vote merger, small and medium-sized traders in the province, who are still on track to maintain rapid growth in the context of accelerated industrial concentration. The drug industry, represented by the Yunnan White Drug Series, received $5.06 billion in 2020, and several Yunnan White Drug Series single-level drug-related injuries pre-meditation.
(c) Growing products: A variety of stocks, including, inter alia, shampoo supplies, sanitary towels, facials and tea products of the Ministry of Great Health, which are growing with high performance elasticity and are currently under-represented in the city and have great scope for future development.
• The transformation of the country into a dynamic and a strategy for change of channels and internationalization. 1) The transformation of the country’s enterprises into one of the three main incentives, the successive implementation of pay reform, employee ownership and equity incentives, has greatly stimulated the motivation of the workforce.
(c) Internationalization: the establishment of China International in Beijing, Shanghai and Hainan to promote internationalization, moving from products, scientific research and human resources to internationalization.
The net profit from traditional Chinese medicine was $1.82 billion in 2021, using the segment valuation method, and was valued to the company, with a significant 21-fold increase in efficiency in the mix of state enterprises, corresponding to a market value of $38.2 billion; the net profit from the large health plate was $2.26 billion in 2021.
Considering that there is a gap between companies as regional leaders and the country’s mobile enterprises, giving pharmaceutical equity incentives to long-term development seven times the value of the business, which corresponds to a market value of 5.4 billion yuan. On the basis of this, the market value of the three blocks is 17.26 billion yuan.
Yunnan White is our 100-year-old brand name, the 66th place in the 2019 Huun brand list, with a brand value of 25.5 billion, and the first place in the health sector of the Union. The company's history dates back to 1902, when the popular healer created the "Bubodan" the odd drug for the treatment of falling injuries and bleeding internal organs.
During this period, after the formation of the new China, Mrs. Quixiang devoted “Bubo Dan” to the Yunnan province government and was subsequently classified by the state as the state's “secret” of its formulations. In 1993, it was changed to Yunnan Pharmacy Industries Ltd., which was listed on the Shenzhen Exchange. In 2003, the Health Products Department was established, and the company's products were listed as solarized products, such as toothpaste.
The bottle has grown to more than 650 varieties of products covering medicine, health, medicine, commerce, appliances, best sales in the domestic market and the South-East Asian region, and has gradually entered the markets of developed countries such as Japan, Europe and the United States.
Since its listing in 1993, corporate development has been divided into five main stages, leading to a number of successful strategic transformations, with the creation of four major ministries: pharmaceuticals, health, Chinese medicine, and commerce. The company’s market value in January 2001 was about 3.3 billion yuan, and its market value was reversed by January 2011.
In 1993-1998, four companies producing white drugs were merged in Yunnan Province, and Yunnan Pharmacy was brought into control of three enterprises, namely, the Great Polytechnic Factory, the Man \triangleright Mountain Pharmaceutical Plant, and the Lijiang Pharmaceutical Company Ltd. The “Five Unity” was established in 1996.
Production plans, uniform trademarks, uniform approval codes, unified quality management, and uniform marketing) provide the basis for the development of white drugs. The company’s main products at this stage are traditional drugs and capsules, with income of 22.3%. 1999-2004: introduction of a market operating mechanism, with Wang Minghui serving as Managing Director, in management, marketing, research and development, and products.
\triangleright has been reformed in four major areas. The Ministry of Twilight Industries and the Ministry of Health Products has been set up to move out of a single area of injury branding.
At the beginning of 2005, the company identified a “stable central, two-wing” strategy, with the central focus on the Yunnan White Drug Series, and a “two-wing” strategy, with a strong effort to develop permeable and healthy products. Yunnan's toothpaste is the main profit growth point.
Income sustained a high rate of 30.8 per cent compound growth in 2005-2009. Ministry of Greater Development of Health, 2010-2016, with full implementation in 2010 of the “New White Drugs, Great Health” war \triangleright
A major breakthrough was made in the toothpaste business, while the high-health solar plate fosters shampoo, sanitary towels, and new skins. Income increased by 14.3% during this period.
The completion of the Yunnan Pharmacy Group's merger of Yunnan Pharmacy Holdings, the initiation of pay system reform, employee ownership and equity incentive mechanisms, and the mobilization of staff. As companies face major corporate adjustments, figure 2: The historical stages of Yunnan Pharmacy and stock price changes
In March 2021, the company hired Mr. Dong Ming as company ceo, former Vice-President of China, with rich experience in technologically enabling and digitally transforming businesses, as well as early pioneers in overseas markets. Under the agency of the new Ceo, Yunnan white medicine will open the way to a digital and international transformation.
1.2 The transformation of state enterprises has led to the rejuvenation of the company by introducing private strategic investors and merging parent companies, and by re-energizing the company by actively pursuing its corporate reform strategy in two phases, from 2017 to 2018.
Prior to 2017, the Yunnan State Finance Committee held 100% of the Pharmacy Control Unit, which was the largest phase of Yunnan's drug mix: the introduction of Xinhuadu and Jiangsu fish as strategic investors. In March 2017, the Pharmacy Control Unit completed the expansion of its capital from $1.5 billion to $3 billion, and Xinhua invested $25.4 billion to secure 50% of the Pharmacy Control Unit.
In June 2017, the stockholdings were increased by $333 million in registered capital, $5.638 billion in Jiangsu fish, 10 per cent in white drugs, and 45 per cent and 10 per cent respectively in the stockholding structures of Yunnan, Xinhuadu and Jiangsu fish.
In November 2018, the company issued a program for the absorption of the combined drug holdings, which further refined the mix. According to the company announcement, the merger was subject to a targeted reduction from the drug control shares and the merger.
In part, when the deal is completed, the White Drug Control Unit will disqualify its legal personality. The Yunnan State Finance Committee, Xinhuadu, Jiangsu fish will jump to become shareholders in listed companies, with shares of 25.14%, 25.14%, and 5.59%, respectively.
As a result of a series of major reforms, the company’s two major shareholders are now divided into Yunnan State Holdings and Xinhua Business Group Limited. The shares are proportional, and the company has no real control.
Companies’ revenues, net profits, have grown steadily in recent years, with little impact on the epidemic. Corporate revenues have been rising by 10.6% since 2016, and the impact of the epidemic is still on the rise, mainly as toothpaste products that are needed during the epidemic.
Net interest rates have risen steadily, with four rates showing an overall downward trend and research and development costs rising. Māori was 27.8 per cent in 2020, with a slight decline mainly due to changes in accounting standards, which took into account the cost of transportation costs previously charged to sales, and the actual Māori rate of water.
Corporate R&D costs increase investment year by year, providing constant and stable security for the introduction of new products. Income of $5.4 billion in 2020 was 15.8% of the total.
The cash flow is stable and a consistently high proportion of cash goes back to shareholders.
The net cash flow/discount of the net return to the mother profit from battalion activities is showing a faster growth. Operating from 2018 to 2020, there has been a steady and rapid increase, with the company's cash share of $3.8 billion in 2019, and the cash share of cash of 91.6 per cent.
The company currently operates in four main camps: pharmaceuticals, health care, medicine commerce and Chinese medicine, each forming a different strategic positioning. 1) Star products: these are represented by Yunnan White Toothpaste, characterized by high market rates and high growth rates, and products are constantly opening up.
Innovation still has high growth potential. 2) Gold cow products: the pharmaceutical industry of the company ' s traditional core business and the pharmaceutical business sector are part of the gold cow product business. Incubation of other product lines provides a steady cash flow.
3. Growing products: A variety of products, including, inter alia, Ministry of Greater Health shampoo, sanitary towels, facials and tea products, with high performance elastic growth in these products and currently low city size, and space for future development. 2.1 Medicines: solid brands laying the foundation for development, extension of rehabilitation devices.
2.1.1 The white drug series is firmly in place, with more generic flowering, the seeding type, more than 300 varieties of which, as the company's main core product, has been expanded from the original Yunnan disinfectant to six types of aerosols, thugs, capsules, ointment, etc.: the generic drug series was launched in 2002 through the introduction of a gas-breeding oral fluid product
From the beginning, progress has been made to cover a wide range of diseases, mainly in the 12 major categories of flu, heat, gynaecology, endocrine systems, supplemental, gastrointestinal, cardiovascular, anti-infection, thermal pain, digestive, etc. The “sacrostatic medicine” provides a unique branding advantage and a 100-year diversification.
The unique formula patent, Mr. Kuo-Ghang of 1902, succeeded in creating the Yunnan white pill (Bubodan), which had a wonderful effect on the treatment of falls, bruises and bleeding, and was subsequently classified as a “national top-secret formulation” and which is still under national protection. After 100 years of development, Yunnan white drugs have been working on a product innovation breakthrough, and the white drug series has been distributed from the original, and has been scattered.
Step-by-step development of six types of agents, including capsules, herbicides, aerosols, oscillants, stickers, both for external use and oral use, to achieve multi-agent, multi-specific product lines to meet different end-use needs. Health” strategy leads to rapid growth.
At the same time, there is a slight downward trend in the readjustment of revenues from large strategic restructuring policies. At the same time, the impact of de-stocking is on the ground, with the negative impact of stock de-escalating, the pharmaceutical industry is expected to recover in a new round.
2.1.2 The position of the Osteoporosis Unit is strong, and the Osteoporosis Unit is well established. According to Minet, the Yunnan White Group and Yunnan White Medicine Industries Group (Yunnan White Paste Group) have 6.7 per cent and 4.2 per cent of the market for medicines in our retail pharmacy's final bone musculoskeletal system.
Aerosols and ointments are high sales in a series of white drugs, and according to Minnet's Model of Competitions for the Terminals in Chinese Urban Retail Pharmacies, Yunnan aerosols and Yunnan Pharma are ranked third and sixth, respectively, in the bone-skeletal medicine market.
Aerosols and ointments account for a high proportion of the market in the area of fractured osteoporosis. As a result of population ageing and high levels of medical health awareness, there is a large demand for the end of the medical market, and the osteoporosis market has been expanded to serve as a large group of osteoporosis medications and to hit damage.
Drugs (28.9%) and osteoporosis (34.2%) and osteoporosis (29.9%) account for more than 90% of the market share of bone muscles, of which Yunnan is the first drug to hit damage. In 2020, we measured 30% of the company ' s aerosol revenues and actually sold 900 million.
In 2018, Yunnan City made up 11% of the total and ranked second in the number of osteoporosis products. 2.1.3 The diversity of generic products and their potential for growth in heavy-pound varieties are diverse and wide-ranging in the range of generic products. There are currently 13 broad groups of generic products, with more than 70 varieties.
Covers a wide range of common diseases, such as supplementary benefits, gynaecology, cardiovascular and pyrolysis, and a wide range of generic drugs are included in the national health-care catalogue or in the catalogue of Chinese drug protection varieties.
2 varieties of ecstasy, 2 varieties of cerebral cerebral saline, 8 varieties of cerebral spleen particles, 7 varieties of gastrointestinal tracts (resistance, dysentery / capsules, stomach edibles, etc.), cerebral vascular groups (4 varieties of blood-containing capsules, reflancing film, etc.), paediatrics (8 varieties of pediatric tablets, pedagogic particles, etc.), external ointment (silflamming of rhesus, despondation of ointment, etc.)
Five varieties of anti-infection (four varieties of achimoxin capsules, etc.), anti-thermal pain (four varieties of acarofol, etc.), digestion (emulsifiable cerebral)
During the year, in our retail pharmacy terminal market, the company ' s gas-breeding oral fluid was a top6 of the rehydration gas, ranked second in the gas market with a 15.38 per cent increase in sales on the same basis, a further 100 million-grade product from the company.
The company itself has a long-term accumulation in the bone injury section, and in recent years has intensified its research and development of equipment and will work more closely with the company's bone injury medicine department. In 2018, the Yunnan white medicine device brand, Tebang, was created, and there are 101 different types of products in the Thai medical apparatus, divided into three broad categories: slow-disease pains, which include neck, waist, brain function.
Treatment devices, etc.: sports equipment includes waist fixers, back fixers, knee fixers, etc.; disinfection protection scheme includes water glue contortion, alcohol cotton tablets, hand-washed anti-bacter gels, etc. The purchase of gold bridges and the extension of rehabilitation medical devices. On December 11, 2020, $134.1 million was spent on the purchase of Ensign Kinga Bridge.
70% of the shares of Medical Science and Technology Ltd., with a follow-up increase of $6.419 million. Jin Jianxiao was established in 2006 and was formed by teachers and scientists from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, Anhui Chinese Medical University, with a long-term commitment to modern research on clinical treatment techniques in Chinese medicine.
Since its inception, KIM Jian Bridge has more than 20% of the total sales. Figure 22: KIM Jian bridging's main product line
Through this equity investment, the rehabilitation industry will be further integrated to enhance the Department’s market competitiveness in the field of rehabilitation equipment.
2.2 Health products: White pharmaceutical plates are extended, promising to continue the legend of toothpaste, Yunnan has successfully crossed borders, and a range of high-health products has been enriched. Health products are divided into four categories: oral care, head-skin care, plant muscles, personal hygiene care. The first Yunnan toothpaste was placed on the market in 2005.
With the success of the toothpaste, the company has introduced the “green-breeding” hair-washing products, the “pick-up” face and the “cleaning-house” sanitary towels, which, with the growing brand, are expected to restore the successful model of Yunnan toothpaste.
Figure 23: The company’s main health product has grown fivefold over the decade, with toothpaste as its main health plate growing rapidly. In 2006, the company created the Ministry of Health Products, which is responsible for the sale of toothpaste and uses this brand to promote its operations through such channels as supermarkets, pharmacies, and circulation.
The Ministry of Production and Industry has been growing steadily, with revenues from large health units growing from $1.04 billion in 2010 to $5.4 billion in 2020, with high growth rates of 15 per cent and 17 per cent in high health earnings and net profits in 2020, respectively, and an epidemic of $5.1 billion, or 95 per cent.
During the breeding period, income is currently less significant. 2.2.1 Oral cavity: construction of solar field poles leading to healthy growth. 30 products in the oral care series, such as toothpaste, mouthwash, toothbrushes, bulges, and the first Yunnan white pill in 2005.
The market for toothpaste, which contains the active composition of Yunnan, effectively alleviates the problems of toothpaste (bleeds, pain), repair of the mucous membrane damage, hundreds of millions of dollars, until 2020, when the toothpaste income contributed about 95% of the income of the big health plate. It is now our view that Yunnan toothpaste has opened a mature development path for the big health plate, divided into four main points:
1) With the advantage of a white drug card, functional products will be branded; 2) the market will be broken down to increase product penetration; 3) research and development will be strengthened to increase the scientific and technological content of the product; 4) channels will be adapted to the changes of the times, and access will be made online. 1) Functional products will be well-positioned, creating a unique competitive advantage for white drug plates. In 2005, the country’s toothpaste market will be well developed.
In a fully competitive and mature market environment, Yunnan white drugs have a unique idea of a “sacred medicine for blood control”, advertising to “prevent haemorrhaging” and to highlight the healing effect of the three central symptoms of “tooth ostriches, oral ulcers, bulge pains”, which is significantly different from other toothpaste brands that promote white, anti-seal, salt-fluor, breath-free, and other selling points. Breaking through the competitive market pattern.
The company constantly exploits the functional advantages of Yunnan White in the area of toothpaste segmentation, locates experts on oral issues and creates advantages in a number of areas of disaggregation. (2) The oral series continuously exploits the market by means of differentiated strategies.
In 2018, the company launched the Yunnan White Child Toothpaste, the main function of which is strong dental gluten, and prevention of cavities. The company is caring for the child’s oral health through the development and use of biotechnologies, the first child-friendly toothpaste, with a breakdown of products according to the specific needs of children at different ages.
With the growing awareness of the nation's population of oral care, the oral health-care products, represented by electric teeth brushes, have entered an outbreak period. According to the data, the market for electric toothbrushes in the country in 2018 was increased.
In 2020, milk tea toothpaste was also introduced for young people, and it became a major product for sale in excess of $100 million. In 2021, the company was about to export a new cavity care product, targeting problems related to the mineralization of tooth masculinities.
The company has also set up the Yunnan Pharmacy Health Research Centre, which provides a full range of digitalized and therapeutic care and treatment solutions for oral health. 4) The full range of channels is being built to lay the foundation for the expansion of high-health products.
In recent years, the company has also stepped up its efforts to exploit online channels, which currently account for about 10 per cent of sales, and below the line: using the “pharmacist + shop” operating model of health care products to get Yunnan White Toothpaste into the pharmacy, taking full advantage of Yunnan's advantage in the pharmacy's channel and Yunnan's brand advantage.
The new retail channel brand called "Dish Life Plus," which sells and sells the best-selected products. On the line: Yunnan's white medicine captures the rapid development dividend from the media and electricity suppliers, and expands its access to online channels.
Cats, Kyoto-Toto platform set up a flagship shop, a “big network” system that combines specialized stores and micro-businesses. 2.2.2 Skin protection: Accretion is ready and is expected to become a new star's product, the first mask taken in 2011 is on the market, and is recognized by consumers through the concept and technology of “a plant-wide skin protection”:
In 2014, hand cream was put on the market, softening hands and skin-skining hands; in 2018, body milk was placed on the market, protecting body skin. Currently, the skin-scene series consists of 21 products such as face-showing, hand-screaming, and body milk.
A series of high-energy skin-care plants has been developed, focusing on 37, pine, and heavy buildings. And drawing on Japanese cosmetics, working with Pola, Japan, to build a new guide to plant skin protection.
(a) Technology-ai enablement, precision skin care, one-stop purchases. Through the opening of private skin management centres, the shop has been closed for scientific testing of skin, precision formulations and recommended consumption of specialized nursing products.
With a mpa580 skin multifunctional parameter detector, uc22 skin ultrasound diagnostic device, and a global exclusive Yunnan white drug self-research device, mobileintelligentskincare, the precision detection of skin problems is achieved; and 2) precision formulations: total 1000+ whole plant platinum is held in combination with different consumer needs.
The future of the market for the mask will continue to rise steadily as the beauty is sought. Yunnan's meddling involves different performances, such as water recharge, repair, oil cleaning, lifting tights, etc., and is composed of zero-added pure plant essences that are not technically possible in the market, where the company has its own technical advantages and the improvement of people's material life.
The demand for healthy skin protection will also rise, and companies will increase their demand for future facial products. Step out of the country, and sell Japan. In June 2019, the Yaonami White Group's make-up brand, “Cleaned” came with light-showing facials, “Yummy luxurious facials,” “The lunar mask” and then landed on the Japanese market, and then started to blow up the Japanese make-up circles.
The Japanese cosmetics industry is already in the Red Sea, where market capacity is saturated, and the industry is more concentrated, led by dragons, and has a stable pattern. Seven of the top 10 companies are Japanese, with a market share of nearly 50%.
The success of Yunnan in Japan, demonstrating the strong market potential of the fine skin protection products of natural plants, is an important guarantee that the harvest will be able to establish its foothold in Japan and a competitive advantage in the future to break through the domestic market.
In 2009, the first product was produced, using Chinese medicine to protect the health of the head, and the topskin-care series has 12 products, including green shampoo (10), hair protection, hair-proofing fluids.
There are 10 products in shampoo and two products, namely, shampoo and displacing fluids. One-child product concept, grabs the product. The company defines the product as a head-care specialist, hits the drug, takes it from the roots, takes it from the roots, advocates that shampoo should start from the top, distinguishs it from the hair that is available on the market.
In particular, the Yingqing line of products, which adds the vibrative ingredient of Yunnan, has a positive effect on improving the blood circulation of the head and promoting metabolism, while combining 13-synchronous concentrates, such as snake beds, cauliflowers, and quality and quality, with a focus on the high-end population that focuses on shampoo composition and efficacy. According to the National Health Board, I am currently working on this issue.
According to the Chinese Plantation Industry Study, 63.1% of the population under 35 years of age is displacing, and 69% of the people with displacing hair use shampoo. In contrast to the market-wide products, the supply of displacing shampoo water is a combination of natural medicinal plants and pharmaceutical technology, extracting multiple plants, and adjusting the glutinous distribution of oil and fat.
Figure 36: The market size of the shampoo industry continues to grow, and it is expected that it will take up its share of imported products. The market size of the shampoo sector is high, with a combined growth rate of 7.5% between 2003 and 2017, and the future.
Markets are yet to expand further. Markets are now competitive. The most important market share is made by bourgeois companies, while the rest are relatively small, and there are still opportunities for growth in the range of green-breeding products as local washing products, combining the characteristics of their herbs with their own scalps, with the potential to compete in the future in an era when consumers change their cleaning products relatively quickly.
2.2.4 Sanitary towels: in line with emerging market demands and with a larger growth space, in January 2014, the company contributed $80 million to indirectly holding 40% of the stock of the Clear House, adding the provincial sanitary towel brand “day” to the flag and officially declaring its entry into the area of female health supplies. The company’s sanitary towel series has been marked by the concept of anti-bacterialism, which is currently being produced.
This includes the middle-end brand "Day", the high-end brand "Fish" and the "Magnifice" (Motherbirth) and so on.
The future of the company’s sanitary towel series, backed by white brands and anti-bacterial concepts, will open up further space as women increasingly focus on health and higher levels of consumption. The product series covers a wide range of people, captures market pains, and focuses on health and depressive effects.
From the lower end to the higher end of the population, the "Day" brands are designed to be hard-working, cheap and applied to low end clients at all ages. The "Small and Small" and "Small and Xiaoqiao" brands are designed primarily for young women, and the "Small and Small" brands are designed to produce cotton for a new generation. They are effective in disinfection, soft skin protection, and "Small and Xiaoqing" applies to sensitive bodies and close to leaks, and the price is moderate.
End-user groups emphasize the protection of women's physical health, the restoration of progeny, the suppression of harmful bacteria, and their application at all ages. As the times unfold, women's health is increasingly focused on menopause, and bacterial infections are one of the most important issues for women, compared to the major sanitary towel brands in the market, there is not enough emphasis on antibacterialism, and Yunnan's white medicine captures this key point and designs a series of sanitary towel brands.
Table 6: Market characteristics of major sanitary towel brands, steadily increasing market size, low industrial concentration, and a new breakthrough in the country’s product plate.
100 per cent, from the retail end of the market, the size of the sanitary towel market increased from 36.3 billion yuan in 2008 to 87 billion yuan in 2018, an annual average compound growth rate of 9.1 per cent, the use of sanitary towels in domestic use in absorbing sexual hygiene products is nearly 50 per cent, the future female sanitary market will continue to rise steadily, while the female physiology period will continue to increase as the standard of living rises; in addition, with this, women's physiology will continue to grow in the future.
Health awareness increases and the frequency of changing sanitary towels increases. Industry is now maturing, market concentration continues to rise, the market share of the top 10 brands of sanitary towels rose from 23.4% in 2008 to 39.6% in 2018, and a group of national brands such as seven degrees of space, abc, free spots, etc. are growing rapidly. Yunnan is currently manufacturing as a local brand.
There has been a steady increase in the number of products that focus on women ' s health and are capable of taking their share of the market. Figure 40: Size of China ' s sanitary towel market (millions of yuan) Figure 41: Change in the number of top 10 brand markets
2.3 Health care for Chinese medicine: taking advantage of geographical features, building on the rapid growth of health care, geographical resource advantages, large industrial bases, and the prospect of a new increase in profits. Yunnan Province produces more than 90% of the country’s 37 products, and Yunnan Wenshan is also known as “China’s 37th Country”.
The company takes full advantage of the natural resources of Yunnan Road, starting with the sources of Chinese medicine, building a complete industrial chain of Chinese medicine resources, creating over 10,000 acres of heavy buildings such as Wuding, Ligang, and 5,000 acres of Mansan 37 plants certified through the state Gap.
Three or seven series of health-care foods were developed to create a new profit growth point. Three or seven series of end-products were developed, three or seven series of health-care products were mainly fine powder products, three or seven slices of frozen dry and one of the main root products.
The volume has increased year by year since 2017, and now stands at about 5.5 billion yuan per year in the 37 growing industries and about 5 billion yuan in sales earnings. There are currently more than 400 varieties in the country, more than 1,000 pharmaceutical plants need to be used as raw materials, and domestic demand exceeds 20,000 tons: in 2019, total production exceeded 35,000 tons, proceeds from sales in the farming sector reached 4.77 billion yuan, proceeds from sales in the processing industry reached 1.34 billion yuan, and circulation activities
The company is currently consolidating its base building resources, launching a full-scale "Pygmies of Hearts" project, and has developed a three-to-seven-star approach to the development of products over the years.
2.4 Pharmaceutical commerce: maintaining regional leaders and promoting digital construction. Corporate pharmaceutical business started in 1999 with the wholesale of medicines, through the fully-funded subsidiary, Yunnan Medicine.
In 1999, Yunnan Pharmaceuticals entered into the Yunnan Pharmacy Group, one of its four main sections, with a stable income ratio of around 60%, with nearly 6,000 product varieties, dominated by branding and medical devices, and with an advantage for new medicines, special medicines, specialized medicines, etc. In 2020, sales amounted to $21,460 million, compared to the same amount.
For more than a decade, the sales of Yunnan Pharmaceuticals Ltd. grew at an average annual double-digit rate, and according to the Chinese Medical Business Association, Yunnan Pharmaceuticals Ltd. sold for years.
In 2017, Yunnan was ranked 16th out of the 100 largest companies in the country with sales of $14.49 billion. After the introduction of the two-vote system, Yunnan’s mobile companies accelerated their concentration, and in recent years they have acquired more than a dozen small local medical firms in Yunnan, which have also contributed to rapid growth in their incomes.
Using “Internet + Material Networking Technology” to create a retail eco-circle for smart medicines. The company has developed an autonomous smart synergies platform for the flow chain of Pharmacy Physics, using “Internet + Material Networking Technology” to achieve efficient synergy, traceability, fine-tuning of the flow of medicines, effective enhancement of the last kilometre distribution capacity of the market for basic medical institutions, with retail pharmacies at its centre.
Patients, pharmacies, hospitals, suppliers, health services, regulators are connected to build new retail platforms for medicines. 2.5 Teas: Create a famous Yunnan Pyon brand and start a new business growth. In 2010, Yunnan White Pharmacy Tea Company was founded to make healthy tea based on pharmaceutical concepts and has now succeeded in making the world red.
The model tea brand, Red Ribbon, The Manor's Ma's Tea brand, Drunken Spring and Fall, and the special Moon and White Tea brand, The Moon of the Year, have 111 varieties of products that lead the creative path of Chinese tea. 27 of the existing Red Tea Series is a model in red tea for giving hope success and enjoyment.
The best spiritually driven by successful people. Seventy-five products in the Drunken Qiu Phu tea series, following the high quality Pun Peng tea route. Nine products in the Moon Light White Tea Series were created to remember the past. Table 7: The Tea Class
The company created a lighthouse effect through marketing teams, tea fairs, tea fairs, power-building on-line and priority sample markets, which led to the sale of the system’s porridge tea and a rapid increase in income from the introduction of products. In 2018-2019, revenues from the sale of daily tea were $8.332 million and $92.77 million, respectively, and growth was 11.34 per cent in 2019.
The transformation of state enterprises has given impetus to change channels and globalization, and has stimulated initiatives to stimulate change in the pay system and marketization of employee pay. After the company completed the transformation of state companies in 2016-2017, the company’s executives paid salaries.
The company’s executives are selected on the basis of market-based principles, and their employees’ remuneration is market-based and stable for the company’s management. The introduction of the “SAR wage system” and the “Best Crafts’ Room” for scarce talent raises the attractiveness of people in need of strategic business.
In terms of per capita remuneration, there has also been a rapid increase, compared to the per capita remuneration of several other companies listed in the family medicine group, and a rapid increase in the remuneration of Yunnan White.
A total of 485 persons repurchased 3.3 million shares for the employee holding scheme. A new round of equity incentives in 2020 was larger and more stringent, with a total of 20 million stock options to be awarded to company employees in two instalments. The first number of incentives was 687, with 17 million stock options granted, representing the total planned share.
3.2 Channel change, with 14 "Liquor Life Plus" experience shops open, to convey the temperature of Yunnan's brand by creating a private domain, creating new advantages. It is a new retail body for Yunnan's white medicine collection, medicine, nutrition, healthy living, health experience, value-added services.
The products cover the classic generic drugs for white, the day-to-day health-care, the seven-seven-year-old leopard, and the functionally healthy foods. The provision of high-quality health-care services for consumers is expected to become a new profit in the future.
The company actively explores new marketing models. Creates a new media marketing matrix, actively embraces new trends in Internet marketing, works with the head-line red anchor, Via, micro-publics, knowledge, little red books, etc., to promote marketing, expands new Internet retail outlets and follows a big pop-winding marketing route. With unique formulas and 100-year branding advantages, the company is white.
The drug series has taken a natural lead in the market and has basically developed formulations and specifications to meet all types of demand, and the market space that can be opened by product upgrading is smaller. Thus, marketing model innovation can become a 3.3 internationalization layout for companies to take their share of the market further, opening a new course.
In 2020, the Beijing University-Yunan International Center for White Pharmacy Research, Shanghai International Centre, Hainan International Centre, and Yunnan International Centre were established. The strategy for internationalization of white medicine in Yunnan has been expanding in terms of products, scientific research, and human resources.
Yunnan White deals mainly with the traditional Chinese medicine, the big health plate, and the pharmaceutical business. We have two mainstream companies in the industry, valued according to the branch valuation method. The average of three companies in the traditional Chinese medicine sector compared to two comparable companies in 2021 is 10 times.
Combined with the company ' s profit projections for several major business plates, the net profit from traditional Chinese medicine (including the Chinese Ministry of Resources and the Ministry of Medicine and others) in 2021 was $1.82 billion, valued 21 times as much as the company ' s market value was $38.2 billion. The net profit from the 2021 plate was $770 million, compared to the country ' s circulating enterprises, considering the company ' s role as a regional leader.
No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or for, specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.