A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Yili Industrial (600887 CH)
BUY (maintain)
1Q22 in line; management guidance implies
c.10% 2022E core revenue growth
Target Price
RMB47.0
(Previous TP
RMB46.5)
Up/Downside
+23.6%
4Q21 net profits came in at RMB761mn, up 3% YoY and was slightly below our
Current Price
RMB38.0
estimate on higher-than-expected promotional expense for the Winter Olympics.
China Consumer Staples
Raw milk appeared to be a smaller drag to the quarter's GPM which came in
slightly higher YoY at c28%. Overall, 2021 is reported on track with Yili's guidance,
Joseph Wong
achieving 18% recurring net profit growth with NPM expansion of 0.5pp.
Meanwhile, 1Q22 results kicked in line with our estimate at a 13% revenue growth
albeit any pandemic-driven lockdowns. Along with the announcement, Yili also
guided for a RMB129.6bn/ 12.2bn revenue/ profits before tax targets for 2022E,
Zheng Xiaohui
and these imply 17.2%/ 20.8% YoY growth respectively. The targets take into
(previously recognized as JCE), after Yili raised its stake in the former to 59.17%
Stock Data
since mid-March. Excluding the event, we estimate 2022E core revenue growth
to be c10%, which is c3% below our previous forecasts. Despite this, we raise
our 2022E revenue by 3% to reflect the net impact of the above, and hence our
slightly higher net profits estimates. We are buy-rated. Our new TP is still based
on 28.5x (unchanged) end-22E P/E which represents +1sd above its 3-year
Shareholding Structure
average.
Highlights from management call:
■ Revenue/ net profit came in at RMB1,106bn/ RMB8.7bn in 2021, +14%/ +23%
Share Performance
YoY and continued to top the league among dairy firms in Asia. Volume
increase, sales mix upgrade and price increases or reduced promotions on
certain SKUs contributed 7.5%, 3.8% and 2.5% to revenue growth,
respectively, which also drove +0.5ppt improvement YoY in GPM to 30.3%.
All main segments, including liquid milk, milk powder and products, frozen
12-mth Price Performance
dairy, recorded DDG, at +11.5%, +25.8%, +16.3% YoY, respectively.
■ Liquid milk: home-temp liquid milk continued to outperform the industry in
terms of growth, achieving 40% market share, the No.1 in the industry.
■ Milk powder and products: IMF achieved the highest growth and 2nd
largest market share in the industry. The cheese business recorded 150%+
revenue growth and +6.3ppt market share improvement in 2021 YoY.
■ Frozen dairy: has maintained the leading position in the sector for the 27th
year.
Earnings Summary
Related reports
"Yili Industrial (600887 CH) - We
expect synergy from the Ausnutria
"Yili Industrial (600887 CH) -
Promotional expense on Winter
Olympics could weigh on 4Q
Targets and outlook: Management targeted to achieve 9-10% NPM by 2025E and
lead Yili to become the largest dairy firm globally in longer term. They believed in a still
large upside in China's dairy market, given <25kg annual per capita milk consumption
in China, compared to the global average of 113kg.
Management was positive on liquid milk, especially higher-end SKUs, which would
be driven by consumption upgrade and penetration into lower-tier cities in China.
Milk powder could accelerate as management expected birth rate to rebound on
fading Covid impact and favorable birth policies that China has been issuing.
Management was confident to maintain steady growth and market share expansion
in the segment in 2022E.
Cheese could embrace its prime age in the next 3-5 years, given a still large space
for product differentiation, channel expansion and consumer education in the
Chinese market.
Covid impact: The negative impact from outbreaks and lockdowns since Mar in several
important regional markets, such as Shanghai, was mainly on the efficiency of logistics
and deliveries, while the "supply guarantee" policies in different cities under lockdowns
could even result to be favorable for such industry leader as Yili, which was preferred
by local governments or consumers when choosing the products for the guarantee of
daily necessities.
■ Raw milk price was expected to remain overall stable in 2022E, as demand-supply
was likely to remain in balance for the year, according to management. In longer term,
raw milk price may still trend up, on expected increasing demand for dairy products, but
a dramatic uptick was unlikely as the government has been issuing favorable policy for
dairy upper stream to boost raw milk production which, though, should be better aligned
with downstream need in the future as the industry was expected to be increasingly
consolidated.
Note: the new gross profit and EBIT and related margins are not comparable to the old once as the former are based on updated accounting
standards which require re-classifying certain items previously recognized as selling and admin expenses to COGS.
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM does
not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors
to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or its
affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or
enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss,
damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information
contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIGM
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information,
advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information
and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make
investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf
of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in
this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume
any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or
published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.