Researchchand developmentcenter
- Nathda's depth report, the national production printing star, the shining ball stage, deep-drawing over 20 miles of the printing industry, internal and external, building an integrated whole-of-the-industry layout, helping it out.
Nastya (002180.sz) is now the world’s fourth largest laser printer, founded in 2000 to create an integrated global layout of the entire industrial chain through endogenous outreach.
Global sales of laser printers in 2020 were 6.7 per cent, and nearly a decade of steady global print consumption.
In the general mcu area, the second growth curve is opened. The letter creation has created a full new market space for national printers, with a clear competitive advantage for the Benevolence.
It's 16.730 billion dollars, corresponding to the size of the real market space. Nastya has access to all levels of printer source code and software core technology, has access to key components such as self-controllable soc chips, and a printer engine for autonomous intellectual property rights, on average, to bid in the party-initiative market.
The former company’s products have gradually been extended from a4-black-white printer at the mid- and low-end to a4-colour and a3-printer at the middle-high end, and the increasing strength of the product has created a continuous competitive advantage for the growth of the corporate sector’s credit market.
* The LAS + Bends are integrated and coordinated, leading to an increase in global city occupancy; the Bendine product line continues to be upgraded to open a wider market space for mid-end and upper-end printers. At the end of the product, the map is dominated by mid-end and low-end printers, and at the middle-end and high-end, by the Alliance; at the end of the production, the Alliance has already made some of the original waste materials and
Medium- and low-end colour printer production lines are transferred to Pearlhai, which has the advantage of a printing industry cluster; sales end, LCL, which is dominated by the markets of advanced countries in Europe and the United States, as well as by markets in developing countries such as China, where the integration of the two companies at the end of production, production and sales is expected to drive the continued global presence of Nathda laser printers.
In addition, the step-by-step extension of the step-by-step product line from the medium-low-to-low-end a4-black-white printer to the mid-high-end a4-colour printer and a3 printer has further opened the wider market space for products. The expansion of M&As has led to an increase in the concentration of the generic print consumer market, the integrated layout of the entire industry chain, Nath.
With a large number of generic appliance marketers, head manufacturers have expanded along the production chain through merger restructuring, creating a competitive advantage for upstream and downstream integration. Nastya has been a strong leader in the global universal printing industry for nearly a decade, with a strong brand, technology, marketing, and resource integration capabilities, based on the entire industry chain.
The print chip opens the second growth curve for the base.
In addition, the company has accumulated technology in the area of printers and spent chips over the years, extending its operations to the general mcu-based network chip and achieving the universal mcu operation.
The rapid growth in medium- and high-end applications such as industrial controls, automobiles, and the acceleration of national production in the chip industry are expected to open the second-growth curve of the company's chip business with the product network chip, represented by the Universal Mcu.
In addition, on 3 January, the company announced that it planned for the offshore microelectronics segmenting of the chip holding company, with cindasecuritiesco.ltd looking to further improve strategic focus and governance capabilities in polar microelectronics and to contribute to the rapid development of chip operations.
For the first time, building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing has been covered with a “buy-in” rating: we believe that a unit is a rare target for technology, patents, production of closed rings in the field of laser printers, accompanied by the catalyticization of industry letters, running.
The continued extension of the product line of the printer to the upper-middle-end areas, the global increase in city occupancy as a result of the integration of the LCL and the Bends, and the growing efficiency of corporate corporate management as a result of the merger-purchase integration effect, as a national printer leader, we believe that there is an extensive national production replacement space driven by innovation; and the industry as a whole.
The chain layout and intra- and intra- and intra-market integration synergies are gradually emerging, and global city occupancy is expected to continue to rise; company chip operations extend from printing chips to object-network chips, bringing companies a second-growth curve. The global printer industry stands: paperless office has a relatively limited impact on the printing industry, and the industry still has structural growth opportunities.
According to the Nasda Bulletin and the Said consultant statistics, the global sales of printers as a whole in 2020 were approximately $42.1 billion, the sales of printing materials were about $51.8 billion, the overall market size of printers and consumables was about $93.9 billion, a slight decrease of about $4.1 billion, and the overall market size of printers and consumables was about $41.4 billion, an increase of about 1.97 per cent.
The impact of the printing industry is relatively limited for the following reasons: (1) paper documents continue to have significant advantages in terms of security stability relative to the risks of network security, data loss, etc. associated with electronic storage, and printing is still needed for business such as enterprise internal control and archives management: (2) changes in the printing habits of end-users are still time-consuming and paperless offices also involve higher costs.
Traditional printing demand will not decrease rapidly either: (3) Industry continues to have structural growth opportunities as a result of the rapid growth in demand for home printing, such as teleworking, and the domestic credit market. Creatures offer opportunities for national printer growth, and Nasda is a unit that can achieve technology, patents, and production in the field of laser printers.
The total size of the market for laser printers and drums in government agencies and companies is expected to reach $16,730 million in 2023, corresponding to the size of the information market. Nastya has access to all levels of printer source code and software core technology, and has a self-controlled printer soc
Key components, such as chips, and the printer engine for autonomous intellectual property rights, cover an average of 96.79 per cent of the party-initiated bid project, with an average winning rate of 70.12 per cent of the bid project involved, leading the market share. The company ' s product is now being extended from a4 black and white printer at the lower end to a4 colour printer and a3 printer at the upper and middle end, and the product ' s strength is increasing.
The continued upgrading of the map of electronics is expected to provide a wider potential for growth. Laser printers can be divided into four categories by colour and model, which is the four stages in the development of laser printer products from the lower to the lower to the upper middle end, namely, a4 black and white and a4 colour.
The global market for colour laser printers in 2020 was about $20.7 billion by color, or about 61 per cent of the global market for laser printers in that year; The global market for a3 laser printers in 2020 was about $24.36 billion by model, or about $24.36 billion by that year.
Seventy-three per cent of the total size of the printer market, with a higher average unit cost for medium- and high-end colour and a3 laser printer, and a larger market size. Bending electronics used to focus mainly on low- and medium-end printers, including a4 black and white, and are now gradually moving towards medium and high-end printers, a4 colours and a3-high-end printers, and as medium- and high-end products continue to be rolled out, it is also expected that they will open both colour and a3 laser printers.
At the end of the product, the map is dominated by medium-to-low-end printing machines and distribution to medium-to-high-end products, and the Alliance is dominated by medium-to-high-ends; at the end of the production, the Alliance has already made some of its original waste materials and medium-to-end.
Low-end colour printer production lines have been shifted to Pearlhai, which has the advantage of a printing industry cluster; at the end of the sales, the LCL is dominated by developed European and American markets, the map is dominated by developing country markets such as China, the companies are complementary in terms of products, production and marketing, and domestic and external integration is expected to drive the continued rise in the global market share of Nathda laser printers.
The benefits of merger integration, such as the Alliance, have gradually increased the efficiency of corporate corporate management. After 2017, the benefits of corporate merger integration have gradually become apparent, with significant reductions in efficiency gains and in sales and management costs, respectively, from 2017 onwards. Taken together, the benefits of integration have been significant since the company ' s merger was completed in 2016.
Following further synergies in global and whole-of-industry chain integration, the company’s lifetime cost rate is expected to continue to decline, laying a solid foundation for sustained robust growth of net future profits. The printing chip is based, and the index chip opens the second growth curve.
With a 41.5 per cent share of the domestic market per year in terms of external sales, and with a further concentration of the market share of the downstream common consumer product to the leading manufacturer represented by Nathda, the general consumer chip business is expected to continue to benefit. In addition, with years of technological accumulation in the area of printing machines and waste chips, the company has expanded its operations to a common mcu-based network chip and has achieved universal access.
The rapid growth of mcu operations in medium- and high-end applications such as engineering, automobiles, coupled with the acceleration of national production in the chip industry, is expected to open the second-growth curve of corporate chip operations using the mcu-represented chip. In addition, on January 3, the company announced that it was planning for the introduction of polar microelectronics (MEEs) as a subsidiary of chip operations, which is expected to further enhance the strategic focus of polar microelectronics.
I. Nastya: Irrigation and outreach towards the global printing industry’s leadership ladder 1.1: The two-wheel drive of “Inner Growth + Outward Merger and Buy” to construct a global layout of industry-wide chain integration in the printing industry
Founded in 2000, Nasda was listed in 2014, starting from the General Ink Business, with a 20-load deep-farming print industry, building the industry-wide chain of print industry through continuous endogenous growth and the acquisition of two-wheel drives, both within and outside the country, to cover printers and general-use chips, general-purpose consumables, whole machines and raw materials, printing services management solutions ...
At present, the company has become the world's fourth largest laser printer, and has been at the forefront of the global universal printing industry for nearly a decade, with operations in more than 150 countries and regions, including “apexmic”, “Gage”, “g&g”, “staticcontrol”, “Lexmark” and “Ben”
The growth of the company can be divided into three phases: (1) Phase I (2000-2013), where the company continues to break through patent technical barriers such as spent chips, laser printers and printer-specific soc chips, mainly through endogenous growth.
The extension of the universal consumption to the entire industry chain in the print industry: (2) Phase II (2014-2021), whereby companies continuously perfected the industrial chain and the layout of overseas operations through large-scale capital operations and business integration, the chip business was listed in the shell in 2014, the United States scc was acquired in 2015 and the parent ' s consumption business was injected into the public company, and the United States Alliance International was acquired in 2016, 2021
Injecting the parent company ' s printer operation, the electronic map of the business into a listed company, increasing the competitive advantage of the whole industry chain integration, and expanding the business to the generic mcu area: (3) Phase III (after 2021), where the company ' s printing industry-wide chain and the global system of layout are fully completed, entering a new phase of integrated and synergistic development.
External M & As is an important strategic initiative since the company was listed. On the chip side, the U.S. General Printed Consumers and General Consumer Chips, sccc, Hong Kong General Consumer Chips, Sorceries, Soc Systems Class, Soc, Soc, etc., were acquired in 2015.
Out of the purchase, the parent company injected into the public company the waste-printing business asset packs; in 2017, the acquisition of the domestic general-use area competed for 51 per cent of each of the three companies: Handheld Technology, Shinji Technology, and China-Jingjie, and in 2020 completed the acquisition of the remaining stock of Jin-je: in 2021, the purchase of 51 per cent of the stock of the Sam-yun-Jing Yui Company in Nakayama.
On the material side, in 2016, the U.S. high-end laser printer branding L.A. (formerly ibm printer industry, listed by New York Post): Injecting the parent company ' s printer business, the Mercedes, in electronic form, into a listed company in 2021. After being listed in 2014, through a series of successful capital operations, both at home and abroad, the company further hard-printed the entire industry chain layout and achieved overseas market and distribution channels.
Foreign M&As have generated a large amount of goodwill, dominated by LM&As, and no impairments have taken place. Corporate goodwill has largely been derived from acquisitions in 2016 to LAX, which, on the basis of the semi-annual report of 2022, created a goodwill balance.
The closing balance of the year goodwill was significantly lower than in 2016, mainly as a result of the company ' s restatement in 2017 of the LISCR combined purchasing day-to-day deferred income tax liability and the corresponding increase in the fair value of the recognized recognized net assets at the date of purchase by $256 million as a result of the reduction in the liability, resulting in a simultaneous reduction of goodwill by $256 million and the sale of LISX software operations by kofax in 2017
As a result of the combined effect of the transfer of 100 per cent of the shareholding from the corresponding account goodwill and exchange rate fluctuations in the current period, the movement in goodwill after 2017 was mainly due to exchange rate fluctuations.
Business plates and major products: chips, common consumables, printer wholes and originals, industry-wide chain layout, integration, significant advantages; chip operations boundary extension to generic mcu, which is expected to open the second growth curve of the business plate. Through in-house generation, long and extended M&As, the company has now formed a two-wheel drive that includes chips, commons, printers and raws.
The core operators of the printer's entire machine and the raw consumables business are the Mercedes and the Alliance countries, with $16,745 million in 21 years, or approximately 73.47 per cent of the company's total revenues; the general-use materials and accessories business is operated by subsidiaries such as the Ministry of the former Waste Industry, the Scc, the China-China-Jungjee, the Shinway Science and Technology, and the Toyot Science and Technology.
General consumption and accessories for printers, including drums, carbon powder, cartridges, ink, colour belts, color belts, etc. $4,624 million, or 20.29 per cent, in 21 years: the core of the chip business is a subsidiary, such as polar microelectronics and polar sea semiconductors, and the products consist mainly of generic print consumption chips, printer-specific soc chips, generic mcu, etc., 21 years of operation.
The current revenue is $711 million, or about 3.12 per cent. At present, the company ' s generic mcu business section has achieved rapid growth in medium- and high-end applications such as industrial controls, automobiles, etc., and has worked with well-known manufacturers to develop a second growth curve for the company ' s chip business, along with downstream demand for industrial controls, cars, etc.
In terms of revenue collection and gross profit composition, printers still make a major contribution, but there has been a downward trend in recent years, with general consumption and spare parts and chip operations increasing from year to year. At the end of the year, in the first half of 2022, the share of printers and raw consumables in the business was about 69%, a decline of about 4.47 percentage points from 2021: general consumption and
Annual increase of 9.67 percentage points; chip operations: 8.22 per cent, or 2.27 percentage points, compared to 2021. 1.3 Financial analysis: internal growth, historical growth, effective integration, continuous improvement in business efficiency. Internal growth and growth and acquisition support, and rapid growth in revenue collection; various non-recurrent types of interest payments, exchange gains and losses and merger consolidation periods
The impact of gains and losses and the volatility of corporate net profit returns is significant, but a positive trend is evident. At the revenue level, large-scale acquisitions and acquisitions of assets such as sccc after listing, the parent company ' s spent asset pack, and LCL ' s international assets have resulted in a rapid increase in revenues, from 480 million in 2014, combined with interest payments, significant increases in financing costs and exchange gains and losses, resulting in a net return to the mother in 2016.
The sharp decline in lubricant performance in 2017 was mainly due to non-recurring investments such as disposal of kofaxlicited shares, a return of about $1,370 million and the impact of the United States tax changes on the adjustment of current revenues of about $3.33 billion: the significant decline in net profit returns in 2020 was mainly due to the impact of the epidemic and a significant increase in exchange losses.
In a step-by-step trend of declining cost rates over the period, combined with a year-by-year decline in interest-bearing expenditure due to a decline in the balance of interest-bearing liabilities and the risk of hedged foreign exchange forwards, options and other derivatives transactions against exchange risk exposures, the firm trend towards a positive net profit growth of the company The interest costs and exchange gains and losses are important aspects of the net profit performance of the company.
The balance of the company ' s interest-bearing liabilities has increased significantly. Under the LM&A financing programme, total transactions were valued at $2.7 billion, of which Nastya, TaiL and Schoda investment consortia contributed $1.518 billion with their own funds, Nastya contributed $777 million, TaiLong invested $652 million, Scholl invested $89 million, and the remainder was transferred from overseas subsidiaries established by M&As to the syndicates.
The annual report of the Division discloses data that, as at the end of 2016, the balance of Nasda ' s interest-bearing liabilities was approximately $23,421 million (including loans from the east), and that the high size of interest-bearing liabilities led to a significant increase in interest costs, reaching about $984 million in 2017. After 2017, the balance of interest-bearing liabilities was reduced year by year, and company interest costs were on a year-by-year downward trend, about the first three quarters of 2022.
In the first half of the 22-year period, the company generated a total exchange gain of approximately $527 million as a result of, inter alia, the appreciation of the United States dollar against the renminbi. Figure 9: Changes in interest-bearing liabilities and interest costs of Nasida 2014-2022q3
In terms of the Māori rate, the Māori rate is relatively stable in the operation of printers and raw consumables, consumables and accessories, at 30.90 per cent and 38.25 per cent, respectively, in the first half of 2022, and in the case of chips gross, in 2017, the Māori-lower general consumption business, the printer ' s back-to-back purchase schedule, and the raw consumption business.
33.82 per cent. With regard to the cost rate, after 2017, the effect of corporate integration became apparent, with significant efficiency gains, with sales and integrated management and sales personnel, and a significant downward trend in per capita sales and management costs since 2017. Overall, after the company ' s completion of the Alliance ' s merger and acquisition in 2016, the effect of integration has been significant, with subsequent global and full production.
The synergies of business chain integration have been further strengthened, and the cost rate is expected to continue to decline during the company period, setting the stage for a robust future net profit growth. Figure 13: Changes in the number and composition of Nasda staff. Figure 14: Changes in the human effectiveness of Nasda
▪ Technology (person)  Integrated management (person)  Production (person)
1.4 Corporate governance: a clear equity structure, with a new round of equity incentives highlighting good expectations of management for future performance growth
Wang Dong Ying, Li Dong Fei and Sunyang Yun, three directly holding 60.75 per cent of the company ' s limited share in Xiaohai Sena Technology through Chuhai Henghai Heung Hseng Technology Co. Ltd., indirectly holding 3.72 per cent in Xiaohai Technology Co. Ltd. through Xiaohai Aipek Investment Ltd. and apocalypse Holdings Limited, and effectively controlling 3.72 per cent in Xiaohai Sena Technology Ltd.
On October 9, 2022, the company announced that three people had renewed their agreement for concerted action for five years, and that shareholder-level control was expected to remain stable in the long term. At the subsidiary level, the generic printing of raw materials is now integrated into the gyrostrogen of the Pearl Sea.
On 3 January, the company issued a public announcement to plan for the dismantling of the company's offshore chip holding company, the company's former “Epike Wire”) company.
City. For many years, Telemechanics has focused on the design of chips in the printer industry, which has now been expanded to include hundreds of millions of dollars, including $1,060 million for printers, $191 million for industrial control/safe chip operations, $142 million for consumer chip operations and $32 million for car code chip operations.
The city will improve strategic focus and governance of polar microelectronics while contributing to Nathda’s strong focus on printer industry, and will continue to scale up chip business inputs, accelerate technological advances in integrated circuits, the introduction of talent and the nationalization of medium- and high-end chips, and sustain the rapid development of corporate chip operations.
A number of stock incentive schemes have been implemented since the market, and the performance appraisal indicators for the new stock incentive scheme highlight management’s good expectations for future growth. At the end of February 2022, the company released a new stock incentive scheme, with targets for 2016 and 2019, fully highlighting management’s good expectations for future growth in the company’s performance.
At the end of February 2022, the Episode Electronics Company (now known as the polar ocean microelectronics) also launched an equity incentive scheme to transfer 2.07% of the e-equity held in the Episode to the employee holding platform. From listed companies to sub-subsidies, the implementation of a series of equity incentive schemes is expected to further bind core cadres of staff to provide solid talent for the company to continue its development.
ii. Printers: letter-making catalytic growth in national production performance, coordinated driving of global city-to-city upgrading, 2.1 printers are mature industries with stable market sizes, but there are still opportunities for structural growth Printers are an important day-to-day office equipment that is widely applied to various office scenarios and can be divided into laser printing by mode of work
(a) Various types of machine, inkjet printer, needle printer, etc. In which laser printers are widely applied in areas such as commercial office and design, printing, but relatively expensive, because of the speed of printing, good imaging, high print quality, low noise, etc.;
Fast jumps, multiple copy printing, wide-band printing, etc., mostly apply to a few locations where banks, supermarkets, etc. are used for ticket printing. Nastair’s printer business plate is in the field of L.A. and the main layout laser printer area of the Mercedes Electronics. The printer industry is a mature industry, with industry chains and business models mature.
The main product printer (“Razor”) sells its share of the market at a small or even a loss, and earns its main profit through the later high-morigin raw waste (“blades”). The Reference League International, which adopted a loss-based strategy for selling printers because of competition in the prices of overseas printers in 2014-2015, has a Maori rate of about 72% of the original waste material.
A business model further stimulates a generic print-out consumer market. According to data from the USI Stock Exchange Note and Quest-related Statistics, the price of common-printed consumables is generally 10-40% of the original load, lower user user use costs and improved functional experience, making common-use materials an important part of the printing industry. To prevent common-use consumer production, it is compatible.
General consumption of printers, increased technical thresholds by the original printer vendor through continuous upgrading of the spent chip and production technology: General consumer needs to decipher the technology and cannot infringe on the intellectual property rights of the original printer manufacturer.In the industrial chain, printers are mainly upstream of core components such as master chips, laser scanners, image sensors and plastics.
Raw materials such as platinum, glue, etc.: The print-out material consists mainly of raw materials such as pulmonary chips, pulmonary drums/photograms/chargers/carbon powders, ink cartridges, energy generators/hydration balancers/ink, etc. Printer manufacturers are usually produced in a combination of home-grown and third-party manufactures, securing core confidential elements such as printer master chips, laser scanners, platinum drums, carbon powder, etc.
Control: The industry is most downstream for end consumers, such as government agencies, businesses, and individual households. With regard to sales patterns, printers usually sell through distributors, electric power platforms, and odm-based production and sales through system integrators.
Figure 17: Print industry industrial chains and major business models. United States Customs, Sinda Securities Research and Development Center, global printer holdings and annual sales remain relatively stable, and laser printers continue to rise.
The combined effects of climax and paperless office operations have been relatively stable and slightly declining worldwide printer holdings and annual sales. According to the Miyota Holdings Note and the Quest Advisory Forecast data, global laser and inkjet printer holdings will reach 420 million in 2022, a reduction of about 900,000 compared to the same year, of which 166 million are to be held by laser printers, or by comparison.
The global output of laser and inkjet printers was about 87.6 million, a reduction of about 2.25 million by the same year, of which some 32.09 million were sold, up from 36.01 per cent in 2019 to 36.59 per cent. We believe that global demand for printers may be slightly affected as paperless offices develop further, but subsequent printer holdings may still decline slightly.
The impact is limited for the following reasons: (1) paper documents continue to have significant advantages in terms of security stability over risks such as network security and loss of data associated with electronic storage, and printing is still needed for business operations such as enterprise internal control and archives management: (2) changes in end-user printing habits are still time-consuming and paperless offices also involve higher costs,
There will be no rapid reduction in printing demand: (3) a demand for household printing, such as teleworking, is expected to bring about structural growth opportunities. Figure 18: Global laser and ink printer holdings, Figure 19: Annual global sales of laser and ink printers
The global market for printers and consumables is about US$ 93.9 billion, and China is about US$ 41.4 billion. According to the Nasda announcement and the Sadie announcement, the overall market for printers and consumables is about US$ 93.9 billion, a slight decrease of about 2.80% from the same date. Of this amount, China City sold the entire stock of printers in 2020, amounting to about 32.1 billion yuan, and the sales of printing materials, amounting to about US$ 9.3 billion, and printers and consumables.
In the area of laser printers, the global market for laser printers and drums is about $75.2 billion, and in China it is about $31.7 billion. According to the Nathda bulletin and the Saidi consultants, global sales of laser printers were about $33.8 billion in 2020.
The sales of selenium drums were estimated at $41.4 billion, the total market size of laser printers and drums was estimated at $75.2 billion, a slight decrease of $1 billion, and the overall market size of laser printers and drums was estimated at $31.7 billion, an increase of about 2.26 per cent.
Figure 23: Size of China's laser printer and selenium drum market  Global laser printer sales ($ billion)  Global sales ($$ billion) Global sales of laser printers (%) - Global sales of selenium drums (%)
In contrast, China’s market for laser printers is still dominated by low-end, medium-high-end printers have greater market space. The printer market differentiates medium- and high-end products from low-end products with low-end products of 30 ppm (30 pages per minute) and below and 20 ppm (20 pages per minute) and below.
In the same period, China sold about 2.32 million high-end laser printers, or 26.10 per cent of the total, while the medium- and high-end printers still have more room for growth. In addition, the lower end-end printers are more expensive.
Its continued upswing is expected to boost the overall market size of our laser printers. Figure 24: Sale of low-end and medium-end laser printers in the global market, Figure 25: Sale of low-end and medium-end laser printers in the Chinese market
Figure 26: Global average sales price of laser printers
The printer industry is the world’s fourth-largest printer, with high barriers and a monopoly competition. The printer industry is a high-tech industry that brings together laser imaging technology, microelectronics, precision engineering technology, precision automated control technology and precision mechanical technology, which are extremely important in terms of patents, technology, scale, distribution and service networks, brand names, industry experience, etc.
Industry barriers, countries that can design and manufacture printers around the world are mainly the United States, Japan, and China, and market shares are mainly in the hands of earlier American and Japanese firms in the distribution industry, with fewer new entrants, leading to a monopolistic competition pattern. According to the Nastya Bulletin and Sadie's consultant statistics, the global laser printer was about 80.6% in 2020, with benefits.
Phu accounted for 41.3 per cent; Chinese laser printer cr5 was about 85.6 per cent, of which Hewlett-Packard accounted for 46.2 per cent, with a high market concentration. In 2020, the combined global market share of sales of LAS International and Bantu electronic laser printers was about 6.7 per cent, while the combined share of Chinese cities was about 8.2 per cent, making it the fourth largest printer in the world, while the Chinese market was dominated by overseas producers.
The pattern of competition, driven by the message, is also expected to create a relatively large-scale effect barrier for national producers of printers, represented by the Nasda flag, and the printing industry is a highly sophisticated and sophisticated manufacturing industry.
Printer branders usually have higher capital and resource requirements through patenting imaging technology, microelectronics, precision engineering technology, printer industry, etc.
Technical barriers, with only a large pool of proprietary technologies, precision automated control techniques and precision mechanical technologies, have a significant scale effect and new entrants face costs.
In order to avoid falling into a patented technology tort trap with technology-intensive, labour-intensive and high value added industries,
Marketing and service network barriers, brand barriers, industry experience barriers.
The printer industry needs companies to have a rich printer, the print industry customers are all over the world, and the customers need it.
And exclusive, once the branding is successfully built, the machinery, the precision chemical, the precision optical, the image processing, the timely response to the manufacturer's global marketing and service network.
New entrants will face a huge shift in expertise and knowledge in microelectronics, electrostatics, etc., which will need to be built up over a long period of time.
Figure 29: Global market share of laser printers (by volume of sales) Figure 30: China market share of laser printers (by volume of sales)
Printers are important external computers that have direct access to and processing of digital information on computer systems and are very important in the area of information security and central to the message. The national production of national laser printers coincides with the "2+8+n" festival, in which national production in the political sphere was gradually completed in 2019-2021, with the first half of 2022 being mainly party letters.
The size of our printer market is expected to reach $34.45 billion in 2023, according to the data of the Sadie consultant, assuming that the size of our laser printer market as a share of the total printer market was 74.7 per cent in 2023, the ratio of the drum market to the size of the laser printer market was 36 per cent in 2023 and the size of our laser printer market was expected to be larger in 2023.
According to the statistics of the China Institute of Economics and Industry, it is assumed that in 2023, 25 per cent of the country's laser printer downstream application market was government and 67 per cent of enterprises; the reference company accounted for about 34 per cent of the total number of employees in business establishments; China's laser printer downstream application market accounted for about 22.8 per cent; and China's laser printer downstream application market was government.
In 2023, the total size of the laser, printer, and drum market for government agencies and companies was expected to reach $16.730 billion, of which $12.3 billion were laser printers and $4.43 billion were selenium drums. As government agencies and companies are the core subjects of the innovation, in 2023, our laser printer and drum market was empty.
After years of development since the release of the first item in the People's Hall, the company has acquired core printing code and software technology at all levels, as well as key components such as soc, lsu and self-controllable components.
The intellectual property printer engine, which is a rare source of domestic technology, patents, and production-wide shut-down in the field of laser printers, has a clear pre-competitive advantage in the letter-making market. As of the first half of 2021, there were 257 domestic patents, 102 offshore patents and 3 autonomous development of a4 black and white printer engines, and 1 in a4 colour printing.
The engine, together with the printer engine 2a3, has gradually narrowed the gap between Hewlett-Packard, Jae-Eng, and the brothers of the major international manufacturers. Meanwhile, Benteo Electronics has demonstrated good cost control by relying on the parent company, Nastya, for an integrated whole-sector layout of the chain from the consumption to the printer, combined with the location of the industrial cluster advantage of the Pearl Sea, the capital of printing the waste.
According to the report on the acquisition of shares and the payment of cash for the purchase of assets and the collection of matching funds and associated transactions, the average coverage of the Bentama e-Participation Market printer tender project was 96.79 per cent, with an average winning rate of 70.12 per cent in the bid project in which the participation took place, and an absolute lead in the credit creation market.
In the case of the IT market, the company has been producing a suitable national product since 2017 and has successfully entered the ring-in-the-box catalogue, with clear advantages. According to data from the Nasda bulletin, during the 2021 reporting period, the average rate of bid coverage for the telepromotion printer was 96.79 per cent, with an average winning rate of 70.12 per cent for the bid projects in which it participated, with market share taking place.
In 2019-2021, with the party’s e-Line printer and the original waste-loading ISP market, the number of ISP printers reached 264.1 million, and the combined rate of growth reached 170.85 per cent between 2018 and 2020; and the volume of sales and sales, the company’s credit business is expected to grow rapidly in the second round.
Figure 32: Telegraph printers 2018-2021h1 and silicon sales and speed increases. 2.4 Bengram lines continue to extend to medium-to-high-end laser printers, promising to open a wider market space for products. Laser printers can be divided into roughly four categories by colour and type and develop laser printer products from medium-to-high-to-low-to-medium-high-end.
Four phases, a4-black, a4-colour, a3-black and a3-colour printers. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the global market for colour laser printers by colour was about $20.7 billion in 2020, accounting for about 61 per cent of the total global market for light printers in that year, and the average single price of colour laser printers was about $2,710, which was about the same time.
The size of the global market for a3 laser printers by model was approximately $24.36 billion in 2020, representing about 73 per cent of the total global market for laser printers in that year, a3 laser printers at an average unit price of approximately $5,840, about 17.8 times the average for a4 printers in the same period, a3 and colour laser printers at a higher unit price and a larger counterpart market.
Figure 33: Global sales of laser printers, 2016-2020 (by colour) Figure 34: Global average unit prices of laser printers, 2016-2020 (by colour) Figure 35: Global sales of laser printers, 2016-2020 (by type)
Figure 36: Average global unit price of laser printers (by model) 2016-2020 Benevolent product lines are gradually extended from medium- and low-end printers, including a4 black and white, to medium- and high-end printers, including a4 colour and a3, opening a wider market space for products. Bane traditional laser printer products are dominated by low- and medium-end printers, including a4 black and white, which have recently become available.
After sustained research and development and breakthroughs, continued expansion of product line layouts, a4-colour and a3-high-end laser printer product lines, etc., sales of medium- and high-end products will continue to grow, and companies will further open up wider product market space. 2.5 “Little Alliance + Map” integration, with corporate global city coverage expected to increase further.
Since its inception, the League has focused on the printer industry and is the world’s leading producer of print products and services, serving clients in more than 170 countries and territories around the world. The Alliance’s products cover a variety of models, black and white lasers, printing machines, colour laser printers, multifunctional digital composite machines and related consumables, accessories and a range of printing tubes.
Services, downstream customers, are concentrated mainly in the public areas of finance, retailing, manufacturing, and education, and health. From the end of the product, the main printer model and function are listed according to the network of officials of the League, and the products are classified by printing speed and are mainly medium- and high-end printer products with ppm greater than 30 pages/minutes, and have a large number of models.
From the end of production, according to the Nastari International Acquisition Report, the Alliance has production control centres in the United States, China, and Switzerland, as well as its own production bases in the United States and Mexico, where it combines itself with third-party surrogates in order to meet its clients’ needs with maximum efficiency. From the end of sales, the Alliance is mainly based on its worldwide distribution and distribution networks.
The sale of products is also achieved through a surrogate production agreement (oem), with clients concentrated mainly in developed countries such as the United States and Europe. According to the annual Nasda newspaper and related bulletins, the combined sales revenue of the Alliance in the United States, Germany, France and Canada in 2020 amounted to approximately $8.385 billion, or 60.76 per cent of the total revenues of the Association in that year.
A combination of the effects of the global epidemic and the increase in the cost of consolidation of mergers and acquisitions, as well as the loss of the renminbi and the loss of the currency exchange rate, led to a significant decline in the performance of the Alliance in 2020, accompanied by an increase of 8.74 per cent in 2021 from the Euro-American print market of US$ 2020; a net profit of US$ 13 million and a loss of profit; and a recovery in the first half of 2022.
Within the city company. Since the release of the first section of the laser printer in the People's Hall in 2010, an integrated industry-wide chain layout has been built for "key parts -- printers -- printing management services" covering products ranging from a4 to a3, black and white to color, single to multifunctional, hardware to solution-wide product line coverage, with distribution networks spread across more than 80 countries worldwide.
At the end of the product, according to the recent teleports, the main product is still medium- and low-end type II lasers, printing machines and raw materials, which are constantly distributed to mid-end and high-end printers, with a ratio of 86.99 per cent for type II laser printers and raw materials in the first half of 2021, and 12.14 per cent for category I products. At the end of the production, the bulk of the product is still dominated by medium- and low-end type II lasers, printing machines, and raw materials, and is continuously distributed to mid- and high-end printers.
At the end of the sales, it uses a variety of marketing methods, such as distribution by distributors, direct sales by power-marketers, ISPs and odm-based production, with sales branches in the United States, the Netherlands, Hong Kong, etc., responsible for overseas sales.
In 2020, based on data related to the annual Nasda report and bulletins, the proportion of sales in the Chinese region by Pentu electronics reached 79.29 per cent, mainly in developing countries such as China.
From 2019, the start of a strategized party-based political innovation, coupled with the company’s continued roll-out of new products in the commercial sector, rising city-to-city rates, and the continued high growth in the e-promotion of the Bantu since 2019. According to the Nasda newspaper, in 2021, due to factors such as the near end of the party-to-manufacture and the overlapping of the epidemic, performance slowed down in the first half of the year, with revenues of 2,113 million.
At the end of the product, Bantu electronic products are dominated by medium- and low-end laser printers and are gradually expanding to high-end printers.
At the end of production, as of 2019, the LCL had transferred its original waste material series of 16 products, with a total of 28 production lines to be produced at the Chuhai Base, and began to produce its new low-end colour printer products at the DC Base, in conjunction with the regional advantage of the industrial chain. At the end, the LCL international market was concentrated in the United States.
In North America, Canada, as well as in developed countries and regions in Europe, such as Germany, France, and elsewhere, the markets are concentrated mainly in developing countries and regions such as China, both of which have strong market complementarities. We believe that, along with the growing collaboration between the Alliance and the map in the area of laser printers, the synergies between the integration of the two in the areas of products, supply chains, marketing channels, etc. are expected to grow further.
It has been highlighted that with the continued strengthening of the Alliance and the Map in the industrial chain and in the context of globalization, the global market for laser printing machines is expected to increase further. Figure 46: The Alliance and the Map are complementary at the product, production and marketing ends
The printer industry, which uses the “Razor” business model, often has a positive correlation with the market’s corresponding brand printer security, and the manufacturer’s brand printer’s market holdings are expected to be synchronized with the sales of its original stock.
According to statistics from the Hipman Network of Company Officials and Satisfactory Advisors, the combined market share in the volume of digital and LCL international sales of print printers continued to grow rapidly from 2016 to 2020, reaching a total of about 6.7% for global sales in 2020 and 8.2% for Chinese cities, including the rapid growth of the city of Bantu printers and the acquisition of electronic distribution units based on the Nastair merger.
According to the report on cash purchases of assets and the collection of matching funds and associated transactions, as of 2020, there were about 5 million printers in the market. At the same time, the average annual rate of consumption (the original annual sales/print start-up) of the printer used was about 0.76, which is significantly lower than that of the mainstream producers of fine energy, brother, radiance, etc.
We believe that the follow-up has been accompanied by the continued expansion of the map in the area of mid-end printers, the average annual consumption rate of their original loads has been expected to continue to rise, the increase in domestic market share driven by the build-up and the global synergy with the international integration of the Alliance.
The city share has grown steadily, and the company as a whole is expected to maintain a steady growth trend in the raw materials industry. Figure 47: Global market share of sales of LCL and BLM laser printers, Figure 48: Chinese market share of sales of LLA and BLP laser printers
III. General consumption: a steady growth in market size, firm corporate leadership, maturity in the industry chain of 3.1 general consumption, and the highest Māori rate in the industry chain, as noted above, raw printer manufacturers take over the market through low Māori-ratio printers, with a high Māori-rate primary waste.
A major profit-making business model, the "Razor" model, generates a generic print consumer market. A generic print consumer, without encroaching on the patents of the original printer, cracks the print chip and produces generic print consumables that can fit the appropriate type of printer, providing cost-effective alternatives to customers.
Over a long period of development, the universal printing industry has developed a mature and stable industrial chain. The industrial chain consists mainly of raw materials such as a chip, an opc drum/visimeter/charger/carbon powder, an energy generator/a hydraulic balancer/ink in cartridges, and downstream.
The product is sold to end-users, mainly through distributors, power platforms, etc. The highest rate of Maori in the chip chain, according to the US-George Stock Exchange Note and CS statistics, is reflected in the central position of the chip in the generic consumption business model: second, the manufacture of the loops for the common consumption, such as drums, cartridges, etc.
3.2 China is the main producer of global commons and Nastya is the leader of the industry. The global market for commons is about $4 billion in 2020, and the share of commons in the overall market size of printeds is about $4 billion.
The share of global commons in the overall market size of printed materials has continued to rise, rising from 6.9% in 2016 to around $51.8 billion in global print markets, based on a description of what's going on in Miyoshi's share of the stock exchange and Quasi Advisory Statistics, and a global consumption rate of 7.7% in 2020.
The size of the material market is about US$ 4 billion.Figure 50: The size of the global market for print consumables.Figure 51: The share of global commons in the overall market for print consumables
At the end of the production cycle, the world’s universal print waste production is concentrated mainly in China, forming the largest global print industry cluster, represented by the Chuhai, with a clear advantage in the supply chain location. According to the US-Jan Stock Exchange Note and the Quest Advisory Statistics, the world’s most popular print waste production is concentrated in China.
At the end of the market, there are a large number of producers, and Nastya is a leading producer in the global print industry. According to Nastya's annual report, it is estimated that China's production of 465 million pieces of raw materials in 2019, or 79.26%, will reach 80.38% in 2022, and its share of global production of common print materials will increase steadily.
In 2021, the company ' s generic print-wood business generated approximately $4,624 million, based on an estimate of the global print-out market size of $4 billion for 2020, and the company ' s market share is at the forefront of the global print-out industry. 3.3 The expansion of mergers and acquisitions has led to an increase in industry concentration, an integrated whole-of-industry chain layout and firm corporate leadership.
In view of the expansion of the industry through mergers and restructuring, the concentration of the industry is gradually increasing, and Nasida is competing for a competitive advantage based on the integration of the industrial chain, and the city is expected to increase further. In view of the development of Nastya and Dinglong shares in the print-out of the waste-wood business, the industry head-manufacturers are gradually expanding the industrial chain through foreign mergers and acquisitions, creating a competitive advantage for upstream and downstream integration.
Before reaching the market, the parent company, SeineTech, developed a whole-of-the-industry layout that covered the universal consumption chip and printer chip, the common consumption material, and the entire printer, and then strengthened the technology and resource capabilities of the chain through a series of mergers and acquisitions.
After 2013, through a series of M&As, progress towards common consumption in downstream chips, carbon powder and drums, cartridges, etc., we believe that, through M&A integration, industry chain companies will have a reasonable preference in selecting their own intra-group units, and industry competitiveness is expected to continue to improve through a coordinated expansion of the client base; some of the smaller market players in the future may be expected to do so.
Nestor is a leading industrial manufacturer in areas such as universal printing of consumables and chips, and has been marketed through a series of capital operations and M & As integrations that have largely formed a whole industry chain layout covering the core areas of the printing industry, as well as a small number of national producers with autonomous intellectual property rights, brands, technology, etc.
Marketing, resource integration capabilities are strong, industrial chain integration competitive advantages are significant, and future city occupancy is expected to increase further.IV. Chips: printing chips are the basis, the PACT chip opens the second growth curve, 4.1 General Consumption Chips are the country’s top priority, industrial chain integration is coordinated and competitive advantages are evident
Waste chips are one of the core components of the drums and cartridges and are used mainly for printer identification, communication between printers and consumables, storage of materials, and recording of consumption.
The core factors affecting the price of universal print chips and the Māori ratio of manufacturers are: (1) the number of new printers introduced each year by the original manufacturer: (2) the rapid R & D capability of the generic consumer chip manufacturer.
Differential competition requires printer manufacturers to keep rolling out new printer models. According to the USE Holdings Notebook and Burning Consultancy data, generic consumer chip manufacturers usually have 6 to 18 months to roll out the corresponding common consumption chips for new printer models, while the initial launch of new printer models has a relatively high price and Māori rate, followed by a relatively high price.
A growing number of manufacturers in the market to develop generic consumer chips for printers of the corresponding type will be competitive, and the price of chips will decline rapidly, so the manufacturers who will be able to take the lead in developing new generic consumer chips for printers will have a central competitive advantage. We believe that the printer plant will continue to grow in the future as the demand for printing quality and new features such as cloud printing increases from downstream customers.
China is the world’s main producer of generic chips. It accounts for more than 90%.
In 2022, the market was expected to reach 1,545 million yuan, or 6.87% more than in 2022. The market for the generic chip industry was highly concentrated. Nastya was the leader of the industry, with the largest share in the country.
In 2019, the share of the market in the domestic generic chip was 61.8 per cent for external sales, the share in the domestic market was 50.3 per cent for external sales, and the market concentration was high. Of this, 41.5 per cent for sales and 36.3 per cent for sales were national.
We believe that, as an integrated manufacturer of both downstream and upstream generic consumption chips, the industrial chain has a significant competitive advantage, and that as the concentration of markets is further enhanced by the integration of generic consumption markets, Natsda's rising share of downstream generic consumption markets is expected to drive further upstream consumption.
Continued rapid growth of chip operations. Figure 61: Market share of common chip based on external sales, 2019. Figure 60: Market share of common chip based on external sales, 2019
Nastya, far above its domestic competitors in absolute terms, continues to invest in high levels of R & D, laying a solid foundation for companies to take the lead in the area of common waste chips. From R & D inputs, the total R & D cost was approximately 1,452 million yuan in 2021. R & D costs were 6.37%, while the main competitors in the generic waste chip industry in the country studied the American Voice and Dinglong shares over the same period.
As of the first half of 2022, 5,445 patents and 1,489 patent applications were under review. Continued high R & D inputs took advantage of companies to quickly roll compatible chips when new printers were listed.
According to company network data, Nasda already has about 3,564 cartridge chips corresponding to different printer models and about 5,348 selenium drum chips capable of meeting the market ' s needs for different types of generic consumption chips.
Figure 63: The main common print chip manufacturer in the country collects and increases the speed of the chip operation 4.2 Autonomous controlled printer soc chip creates a core competitive advantage in the mail market. Printer master soc chip is the core part of the printer, is responsible for the control and processing of printer-printing information and for controlling the periphery.
Communications interfaces (usb, network, etc.), panels and printer engines to achieve printing, scanning, copying, faxing, etc., are also the main sources of information leaks. Printer master soc chips have a high technical threshold, not only to integrate common high-speed cpu, high-speed ddr, usb, etc., but also to develop proprietary ips such as print control, scan control, image processing, etc.
The relevant specialized ip transistor is 50% larger than Soc, and the key technology is mainly located in foreign manufacturers such as Japan. Nasda’s subsidiary, the Ultra-Sea Microelectronics (formerly the Espike Electronics), has developed over the years and has successfully developed an autonomous knowledge-producing printer-controlled soc chip, based on the umc28 and umc40 nanotechnics, using the national flathead Kogen iron.
cpu, which supports colour printing, photocopying, colour scanning, fax, etc., has a fully autonomous chip security structure, with high-performance, high-profile security strategies, support for national secrets, business secret algorithms, and security protection mechanisms. The development of Nathda's self-controlled printer soc chip has further developed its core competitive edge in the laser printer information market.
4.3 The object network chip opens up the second growth curve of the company's chip business. The Nasda (non-printing) chip is primarily the responsibility of the polar semiconductor, a subsidiary of the subsidiary, the polar ocean microelectronics (formerly the Espicella electron).
Sea semiconductors currently have six chip research and development centres in Pearl, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Chengzhou, Chengdu, North Carolina, United States, with over 500 people in their research and development teams.
High-end consumer electronics, industrial controls, smart household appliances, medical equipment, detection equipment and car electronics: low-power bluetooth (ble) 5.1 chips are mainly used in smart homes, wearable equipment, etc.: industrial Internet soc-ese secure chips are used in industrial Internet fields.
The market size of our generic mcu sector has grown steadily, with downstream applications dominated by automobiles and industrial groups. According to the statistics from the worldview, the size of our generic mcu market was about $28.3 billion in 2021, an increase of about 5.2 per cent over the same period, maintaining a steady growth trend, with downstream applications dominated by automobiles and industry, accounting for 37 per cent and 25 per cent, respectively, in 2021.
The innermcu market is still dominated by overseas manufacturers, represented by imitation semiconductors, Ngipur, micro-chip technology, Risa Electronics, English Flying Bulls, and Texas instruments, with national manufacturers mainly of intermediate electronics, oscillating innovation, etc., but the market share is still small. According to the data from the world, in 2020, the share of meso-electronics and oscillating innovation in the domestic generic mcu market was only 3.5% and 3.5%.
2.8 per cent of the national production replacement space in the universal mcu sector is still relatively large, and the rapid increase in car-borne mcu demand driven by the accelerated increase in vehicle penetration, combined with the trend towards car smartness, has been one of the central drivers of the steady growth of the universal mcu sector in our country.
Some 28.51 per cent has been achieved, the penetration rate of new energy vehicles has accelerated, further laying a sound platform for vehicle intelligence. One/car, accompanied by a rapid increase in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles and car intelligence, is expected to accelerate the demand for mcu in the automobile industry, which is expected to accelerate the development of web-connected chip operations such as the General mcu, benefiting from the high profile of the industry, and is expected to open a second percentage of the company ' s chip business.
With respect to mcu operations, the company achieved rapid growth in medium-to-high-end applications such as engineering and automobiles in 2021, in collaboration with well-known manufacturers (alluvial elevators, swathes, long-lose, American, upper-air Mitsubishi, small peng, Great Wall, etc.) and with a steady and reliable quantity, the company has been able to develop a new technology for cars and new energy, industrial controls, consumer electronics, etc.
Markets and application teams have been set up, multi-products have gone hand in hand, further complementing the combination of chip products other than mcu, such as simulation devices, sensors, bms, electric machines and automobile applications, and fully promoting cross-marketing of multiple product lines and overall solutions. Non-printed waste products, such as non-printed microelectronics (with polar-sea semiconductors) in 2021
The chip camp received approximately $372 million, and the non-printed chip camp received approximately $298 million in the first half of 2022, with the company ' s general mcu business moving in through high-stakes, new energy, industrial controls, etc., and the general mcu, etc., networked cores are expected to open the second growth curve of the company ' s chip business.
V. Profit forecasting, valuation and investment rating 5.1 Profit forecasting and assumption that companies are primarily responsible for the company ' s original printer and consumables operations, which benefit from the flow of information generated by the letter.
Global growth in the market space for the electronic national production of printers and in the production-side, production-end and marketing-end-of-sale-of-the-sales-of-programs-of-programs-of-programs-of-programms-of-producer-programs-of-programms-of-programms-of-programms-of-programs-of-programs-of-programs-and-sales-of-programs-of-programs-programms-of-programms-of-programs business is expected to continue to grow at a rapid pace, with battalion 2022-2024, leading industry leaders, with a gradual increase in market concentration resulting from industrial integration, leading to a pioneering plant with an integrated industrial chain layout.
14.5% Māori compared to 34.6% Māori; in the chip business, the advantages of an integrated whole-of-the-industry chain layout have further consolidated the company's common fight, the status of the lead chip printing, the network chip layout opening up the second growth curve of the chip business, and the company chip business is expected to have three main components: the original printer and consumables business, the general consumption and accessories business and the chip industry.
We use the branch valuation method to value them. The original printer and consumables business: it's mainly the subsidiary, Bennett Electronics and LICs, which are at a high rate of development, and we value them using the peg method. Select Hewlett-Packard, Jae-Jeon and Brothers, comparable companies, based on the current total market value of comparable companies, Bloomberg I.
For the expected net profit from the mother and the combined increase in the net profit from the parent for the period 2020-2024, the average of the comparable company peg is about 3.32, and given the impact of the non-printing operations of the comparable company, we value the map electron by 1.3 times the price of the peg in 2023. According to our profit projection data, it collected approximately $8.276 billion in 2023, at a net interest rate of 16%.
In 2023, the equivalent market value of Bantu Electronics was approximately $77.5 billion. Because of the relative volatility in the impact of exchange gains, losses, interest payments, etc., in recent years, we have used the ps valuation method.
In 2023, Bloomberg unanimously expected the equivalent of 0.93 times ps, and given the expected further increase in the market share of the electronic synergies between Ligue International and the Mercedes, we valued the 2023 0.94 times ps with the Alliance International, which, based on our profit projections, collected about 16,915 million yuan in 2023 and the 2023 market value was approximately 15,9 billion yuan.
On the basis of 63.04 per cent of the share of the international shares of the League after the completion of the second repurchase, the market value of the international portion of the League is approximately $10 billion.
Common appliance and accessories operations and other operations such as patent licences: we evaluate the company ' s common appliance and accessories business and other operations such as patent licences, both of which are mature and profitable, and we value them using the pe valuation method.
In other sectors, we gave the Nasda General Consumption and Spare Parts and other business plates 30 times the total value of their operations, which, based on our projections of profits, generated approximately $5,862 million in 2023 and $1,093 million in other operations, which together amounted to approximately $6,955 million, based on data from the 2022q3 reporting period for General Consumption and Spare Parts.
Chip business: Using the pe valuation method, the average calculated value of pe is 30.07 times the average value of pe in the general-use chip industry and the general-mcu industry, we value the 2023 30 times the value of Nathda chip business. According to our profit projection data, the chip business subsidiary, Ultra-Sea Microelectronics (formerly “Epike”), collected approximately $2.2 billion in 2023, root.
According to the changes in net interest rates in recent years, at a net rate of 47 per cent, the net profit in 2023 from polar microelectronics was approximately $1,033 million, corresponding to a market value of about $31 billion.
(b) Increased competition in the industry and falling product prices;
Chengxiang, Associate Research Assistant in the Computer Industry, Master of Business Administration, Beijing University, Bachelor of Management, Wuhan University, joined the Sindam Securities Research Institute in July 2021 for research in the Computer Industry. What components are not, are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or opinions in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.