Watch the clinical coro development, Wong Schwig, keep the harvest growing steadily, and the equity investment contributes to the income.
There was a significant improvement in business performance, with non-recurrent gains and losses amounting to $64 million, mainly in the first half of the year Basic data (2018y) The net profit from non-retroactivity to the mother is 288 million yuan, an increase of 52.0 per cent over the previous half of the year.
The interest rate is 47.63%, an increase of 1.78 pct over the same period last year. In terms of the cost of the period, the company’s sales are growing rapidly, domestic revenues are driving overall performance growth.
In the first half of the year, $634 million was collected, compared to the previous year.
The income structure (2019h1) was accompanied by advances in the development and evaluation of domestic innovation medicines, which reached $720 million in the first half of 2019, representing 54 per cent of total revenue, an increase of 49.35 per cent over the same period.
In May 2019, the company's subsidiary company, Fonda Holdings, was successfully listed in Hong Kong, and the company's subsidiary, Fonda Holdings, was listed in Hong Kong in May 2019, according to the company's pavilion.
According to the semi-annual report, in the first half of 2019, Fonda Holdings achieved income of $50 million, an increase of 34.0 per cent, and a net return of $9.3 million, an increase of 233 per cent. By operations, in the first half of 2019, bioanalytical operations achieved income of $25.8 million, and cmc operations realized.
Revenues of $8.35 million, $5.64 million for drug substitution operations, $4.59 million for safe toxicology operations and $5.32 million for bioequivalency operations, increasing the risk of changes in sectoral regulatory policies, respectively; increased risk from competition in pharmaceutical research and development services;
The risk of grouping management as a result of integration, expansion of size; the risk of impairment of goodwill calculated at 44.7 and 32.7 times the dynamic pe, respectively. We believe that companies, as clinical champions, are accompanied by continued progress in domestic drug policy reform and the ich guidelines.
In addition, as companies continue to refine the global layout, their international multi-centre business model is expected to bring more new orders and performance with clear growth. We look forward to the future of the company.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.