I. Events: Fonda Holdings issued a medium-term profit forecast, with net profits increasing by 300 per cent over the year;
Purchase of 38 per cent of Beijing Yashin; Dreamcis, a subsidiary, in preparation for Korea's listing. On 30 July 2019, a medium-term profit forecast was issued by Fangda, a company owned by Tiger Medicine, which is expected to return to its parent with a net profit increase of more than 300 per cent on a year-on-year basis; in addition, Tag Medicines published an announcement announcing the purchase of Beijing 1)
Accomplishment 38%; 2) subsidiary dreamcis ready to be listed in Korea. Second, comment: Fonda Holdings share China’s market dividends in a flexible manner, continuously perfecting the integration platform. Fonda Holdings provides performance elasticity, focusing on bioanalysis, cmc, and security assessment.
According to the report, the net profit of Fonda Holdings is RMB 2,048 million, so we figure that Fonda Holdings' net profit of RMB 2019h1 is expected to be over 60 million. Given the cost of having a market of Fonda Holdings 2019, the net profit of Fonda Holdings for the entire year 2019 is expected to be over RMB 150 million, and the profit increase is expected to be higher after deduction.
The unit compares with the 300-degree movement of the Fonda Holdings' main pre-clinical bioanalysis, cmc, and safety evaluation, creating synergies with the Tiger Medicines. In this case, bioanalysis in China is a central profit-making contribution that benefits from innovative drug research in China.
In addition, we believe that the company’s layout at cmc and security is also a process of gradually refining its own pre-clinical lines of business and building an integrated platform.
We believe that, with the increased involvement of downstream biotech in the development of innovative medicines, the one-cro platform is a big move. As the corporate integration platform continues to improve, synergies are emerging.
We believe that this will be an important way to improve competitiveness, with a greater share in the market dividends of innovative drug research and development. Daily harvests correspond to 56 times the price in 2019, with reference to comparable corporate valuations and corporate industry leadership, and maintain “the push for clinical trial resource constraints: the pace of recovery of traditional business: the deterioration of competition.”
Increased strategic cooperation, with a medium-term significance greater than short-term industry Performance impact - Teg medical tracking point evaluation 2. Integration, integrated management effectiveness in China and the United States
Teg Medical Tracking Point Evaluation Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements Xu Mufan, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Pharmacy, University of Gangan, Master of International Finance, University of Glasgow, May 2019.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.