The international multi-centre capacity has been expanded, the ceiling has been upgraded, the Tiger Medical Tracking Point has been reviewed, and I. Events: The Tag Medicines Singapore International Multi-centre Clinical Trials have been successfully introduced into the group for the first time.
On 30 July 2019, the commission (Gang Soonghai Medicine) egfr-tki-azd3759 International Multicentre (mrct)ii/iii Clinic completed its first admission and delivery in Singapore, with the assistance of Tag Medicine, the first international multicentre clinical trial in Singapore.
II. EVALUATION: The capacity boundary continues to improve and is at a critical stage of continuous validation, the internationalization process is relatively optimistic, the international multi-centre is expanding the New Asia-Pacific Region (Singapore) and the capacity boundary is constantly improving \triangleright
1) In the context of the Osituney application, a new generation of egfr-tik, while in the new region, shows the expertise of the company. The experiment is a random, open, cross-referenced, multi-centre ii/iii clinical trial that has already been carried out in mainland China, Taiwan, South Korea, Singapore, etc.
The successful recruitment of patients in the context of the continued drive of the egrf-tik application, as compared to the 300-degree trend, reflects the professional and efficient work of the company as a clinical coro and provides an initial basis for our follow-up assessment of the expansion of the company ' s international multi-centre capacity.
2) This is the fifth region in which the company conducts mrct, where the border of capacity continues to improve. This is the trend towards successful international multi-centre clinical trials following China, Taiwan, South Korea, Australia, and we believe that this is also a continuing breakthrough in the company's ability to mrct, which is driven by the internationalization strategy.
3) We believe that internationalization is the inevitable path for companies to upgrade the medium- and long-term ceiling. We think that clinical cro is an industry where engineers’ dividends are not evident. For almost three to five years, companies have enjoyed a Chinese regional market dividend that is not just a local business, but a critical window of time for rapid downsizing and globalization of cro capabilities.
Local clinical cro’s efforts to nationalize within this window of time, improved business services, accelerated overseas outreach, and in the critical window period of ceiling uplifting, we think the company is in the key window of improved business services, accelerated overseas outreach, and the ceiling uplifting.
Compared to major international cro companies, such as Kuntai, the elite, we believe that the gap between Tags is largely reflected in the development of inter-state multi-centre capabilities and systems, as well as in the development of well-developed and integrated platforms in the service sector. This is also the key to upgrading the Teg’s medical ceiling.
We believe that the company's “go out” is premised on further improvements in its service operations. From 2019 to the present, the company made a few acquisitions of American bdm, Beijing Ya's good faith, and continued the integrated management of Korea's dreamcis, shortcut, concord, etc. We believe that the company has further refined its own numeracy, medicine, and so on.
Improved services in the areas of drug translation, equipment, enhanced synergies with pre-clinical bioanalysis, dmpk, security assessment, etc., and the development of an integrated service platform.
In 2019, with a high degree of elasticity, attention was paid to the perfect integration platform. For months, the company’s controlling subsidiary, Dreamcis, was listed in the Hong Kong stock market; and its subsidiary, Dreamcis, was preparing to be listed in Korea.
2. Strategic cooperation has been strengthened, more in the medium term than in the short term, and we believe that companies have further enhanced the impact of the Asia-Pacific region through the Hong Kong Exchange and Korea ' s listing, as a means of influencing the performance of the Teg pharmaceutical tracker.
It is gratifying to note that the brand of Tag medicine has also been gaining international approval. Since 2018, companies have established a strategic cooperation department, and companies have continued to sign strategic cooperation agreements with Aslikon, Belang, etc., which we consider to be a process of gradual certification of the international competitiveness of companies.
At the same time, we believe that this is a pro-cyclical process, in which corporate quality, capabilities, and international alignment will continue to grow through strategic cooperation, and brands and influence will continue to grow, thus extending strategic partnerships to larger pharmaceutical companies. We are relatively optimistic about the process of corporate internationalization.
The ability test continues, feedback loops are forming, and we are optimistic about the company’s internationalization process. We believe that whether the Singapore mrct experiment was successfully assembled, strategic collaboration with z, and on the cde network, we saw the company participating in the clinical trial of the ansunbiopharma biopharmaceutical das 181, the company’s internationalization.
We believe that the feedback cycle is emerging. On this basis, we have a strong support for the internationalization of companies, and we are optimistic about the process of internationalization: talent incentives keep moving forward. Given that the coro industry is a human-intensive industry, the core team is the company’s core asset.
The key period of extension, guaranteeing the stability of the core team, is a very important factor. And companies re-incentived in June, which will help accelerate and stabilize their internationalization.
Xu Mufan, Research Assistant, LL.B. in Pharmacy, University of Gangan, and M.A. in International Finance, University of Glasgow, joined in May 2019. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.