Strategic cooperation intensified, with medium-term implications greater than short-term performance.
On 5 July 2019, a Strategic Co-operation Agreement was signed between Tag Medicine and Aslicom to provide a full range of strategic collaborations in clinical research and development of innovative pharmaceutical products, based on clinical trials and a full range of co-operations, including:
Likang commissioned Tiger Medicine to provide registration applications, clinical surveillance, data management and statistics, Centre for Clinical Trial Studies Coordination up to 12 months/minimum (MMR), medical services, drug alerts, quality control, training of personnel, medical imagery, pk sample testing, China
(a) Heart laboratory tests, test samples and testing of drug logistics, etc. Second, stocktaking: cooperation to upgrade impact, guarantee sustainability, continuous validation of companies' self-improvement capabilities Industry logic: from functional service providers to strategic partners that have been validated by Global Clinical Crow
The development path. In our in-depth report entitled "Breaking the Capability Borders, The Equation of the Size " , which compares the Unit with the depth of 300, we put forward an industry perspective: from functional service providers to strategic partnership expansion.
We believe that, in the process of upgrading strategic cooperation, it is also a process of self-improvement by the company: it needs to expand its services, gain access to globalized services, and provide a life-cycle service as an important strategic partner for pharmaceutical companies.
In 2018, the company established a strategic cooperation department, which led to the signing of a number of strategic collaborations, suggesting that the company was strengthening its client strategic cooperation. Previously, Tag medicine was a preferred supplier for Aslikon, and this Strategic Cooperation Agreement was a symbol of the upgrading of cooperation, safeguarding the continuity of corporate orders, and the company’s global influence was consistently raised.
On the other hand, we found that for almost two years in 2018, when the company formed the Strategic Cooperation Department (the 2018 annual report shows), the company continued to sign strategic cooperation agreements with Aslikon, Belang Medical, Hai and Drugs, Kyushu Pharmaceuticals, etc. We believe that the company’s growing strategic partnership is also a process of increasing corporate quality branding and self-esteem.
The development of China’s clinical trial market since then has been a process of rapid demand upgrading and normative improvements in the quality of supply, as well as a basis for a high growth in the performance of Thai medicine over the last three years. We judge that the decision to do Thai medicine and domestic medicine has been made.
Local clinical cro continues to bridge the gap by continuing to improve and upgrade its service operations and thus to expand its internationalization, and as part of the global industrial chain, ongoing strategic collaboration strengthens our understanding of corporate commitment as we move forward. In the medium to long term, it is much more important than the impact of short-term performance.
The daily round price corresponds to 58 times the 2019 mark, referring to comparable corporate valuations and corporate industry leadership, and maintaining “a high push of 1. Clinical business, driving high corporate performance Resource constraints for clinical trials: slow pace of recovery of traditional business: deteriorating competition”.
Xu Mufan, Research Assistant, LL.B. in Pharmacy, University of Gangan, and M.A. in International Finance, University of Glasgow, joined in May 2019. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.