A significant increase in profitability, sustained high-growth performance, mid-2019 Tagger Medicine, mid-2019.
On 20 August 2019, the company published its semi-annual report for 2019, with operating income, net profit returns and deductions.
With a similar increase of 634 million yuan, or 26.7 per cent, in corporate clinical laboratory technical services, the Māori rate increased by 0.17 pct by comparing the financial data of parent companies (the subjects of large clinical services) and we found that the Māori rate increased by 32 per cent in the same year (which basically represents the income growth levels of large clinical operations), and by 37.7 per cent.
The same rise in 3.1 pct, the increase in the profitability of large clinical operations, may be attributed to a gradual increase in per capita efficiency and control of hospital transfer costs. Meanwhile, 2019h1 has entered into strategic cooperation with Z and has expanded its operations overseas, actively expanding its high-quality orders and laying the basis for orders for improving the profitability of clinical operations.
Clinical counselling services are growing rapidly, and high Māori-rate operations are expanding to increase profitability. – The rapid growth in the income of the Pharmacies of Dzumps, Smo, and Fonda provides the basis for the growth of the income base of the counseling panel.
Drivers of high growth from Fangda holdings, smo and numeric operations (30% of our estimated operating income, yoy to right, about 50% of its operating income, and 2019h1 revenue, yoy34.0%, as disclosed by Fangda holdings).
— High Māori rate business and the return of some of its operations to higher profit margins. Clinical advisory services 50.7% Māori, an increase of 3.2 ptt over the same period. We estimate that high Māori rate operations (e.g., those that benefit mainly 1) may increase their income faster than the overall income growth of the consultancy; and 2) Chinda stock mergers and acquisitions continue to advance with operational effectiveness.
3) The rapid growth of other small companies, such as the U.K., in high Māori rates, has also provided resilience to the increase in Māori rates in consulting operations. Given that new drug research and development in China is still at a high-profile stage, the company’s large clinical flows have continued to increase, and the digital space is still huge (cf. our previous in-depth report, Tagger Medicine in Digital Business).
More competitive business than clinically, we believe that the future growth in revenues and improved profitability of clinical counselling services The low profitability base of the company ' s listing fees in 2018 led to short-term movements in operating cash flows due to receivables. 1) Māori ratio analysis: Māori rates are expected to increase significantly in 2019.
At year-end Māori rate levels, an increase of 4.4 pct in the Māori ring ratio of 2019h1 was found, which we believe could be clinical technology, higher per capita output of operations, control of hospital transfer costs, improved profitability of Concord and P.
The high Māori ratio in bed counselling services is due to, inter alia, the fact that we believe the above factors are consistent with high performance growth and improved profitability, which is expected to continue to affect profitability throughout the year.) Cost ratio: the subsidiary ' s listing costs are set at a low level in 2018.
2. Tagger Medicine (300347). The impact of marketing costs due to the expansion of international multi-medium capacity and the gradual upgrading of the ceiling has led to a higher base last year, the estimated impact of which could be expected throughout the year.
Annual recognition of listing costs of $1.5 million) (3) Cash flow analysis: Accounts receivable increased faster in the first half of the year, with refunds to be followed up. Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $126 million, a decrease of 36.6 per cent from the previous year, mainly due to a higher increase in accounts receivable (the value of operating receivables increased by $250 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 135 per cent from the same year).
It is estimated that some of the innovation clients may have suffered some delay in returning their money during the financing cycle in the first half of this year, and we will be following further corporate initiatives to improve the rate of repayment and improve the quality of profitability. Investment returns are synergized with the main industry, and growth continues to be good in the light of the industry’s high profile.
At the same time, we found that the basis on which the company's investment returns were realized, “financial assets available for sale” (now other non-current financial assets), was 11.6 per cent higher than at the beginning of the year, an increase of 140 million yuan, indicating that the Department is still actively involved in the early investment of innovative medicines, and that we believe that China's innovation medicine research and development is at a high stage.
The company’s investment returns are more sustainable. Stock exchange is 64 times greater than in 2019, reference to comparable corporate valuations and corporate industry leadership, maintenance of “recommended” assessment clinical trial resource constraints: the recovery of traditional business is slow: competition is deteriorating.
Xu Mufan, Research Assistant, LL.B. in Pharmacy, University of Gangan, and M.A. in International Finance, University of Glasgow, joined in May 2019. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.