The country's cro industry has entered the prime stage of development, and the clinical cro short-term market has become resilient.
The company’s main business and its investment in the country’s gold-growing period and the elasticity of its short-term market. The pharmaceutical industry is in the process of transition to an “innovative drug” strategy, and the cost of research and development continues to grow.
It will directly contribute to the high growth of the coro industry, the market size of the country ' s coro in 2016, based on frost&sullvan data, will amount to $2.81 billion. Clinical operations will reach 69.9 per cent in the year, depending on the breakdown of operations; clinical coro operations will increase faster in the year 2012-2016 in terms of speed of growth.
Clinical cro leads, leading business and investment gains are on the same side.Cro's years of deep-farming, accumulated a wealth of clinical and client resources, has a clear competitive advantage in team, project experience, ancillary service capabilities, and has steadily increased the number of hand orders and employees.
To ensure steady growth in the performance of the major companies; to invest in innovative projects such as the fund, in 2018, the company contributed 119 million yuan in net return on investment, an increase of 124 per cent over the previous year. The current projectboard, the Hong Kong Trade Point biotech board, has broadened the way in which innovation is financed and provides a platform for capital exit.
Inflows are expected to invest in innovative medicines based on their own industry’s experience, and the return on investment continues to be on the job, and industrial chain integration and international multi-centre clinics continue to be deployed. The growth experience of the global cro poles is a chain of industries, including through continuous extension and acquisition.
Upward and downstream extension, completion of integrated layouts, provision of integrated client services, help to increase customer stickyness and reduce customer transfer costs. Companies have continued their M&As since they were listed and are now finished in the Asia-Pacific region, and will continue to accelerate construction in Europe and America to enhance international competitiveness.
The company's growth opens up the ceiling.
Medical creatures, Zhang Waia, Deng Chow Woo.