One, the incident: the United States bdm minority shareholding in Hong Kong's M.P. Hong Kong's M.P.
On 1 July 2019, Tag Medicines issued an announcement that Hong Kong Teg, its wholly-owned subsidiary, was about to sign an equity transfer agreement with the company's controlling company, Fangda Medicine, for $7.2 million to purchase 45% of the shares held by Tigermed-bdminc. (“United States bdm”).
As of 31 December, the total assets of the United States bdm were $4.309 million and the net assets were $4.79 million; the main business in 2018, II.A.: Integration of the numbers, integrated management of the United States and China, with Fangda focusing more on its own business.
In our view, as the core business of Tag medicine, with 50 per cent net profit, this acquisition of the United States of America, the value of the country ' s bdm shareholdings compared to the 300-point trend, is mainly as follows:
Tagger medicine is managed in both China and the United States, and we judge that the United States bdm, as a centre, takes advantage of its location to communicate, and directs more of its operations to China, while China's Mesda and Kaging Taig, as profit centres, enjoy an engineer dividend, and have lower manpower.
2) As Fonda medicine was listed on the Hong Kong stock market at the end of May, the takeover removed the business from Fonda medicine. Fonda medicine will be more focused on its core business, including bioanalysis, be and cmc.
The difference is greater, considering that Hong Kong has purchased 45% of the United States ' bdm equity, and that Hong Kong has bought 45% of the United States ' stock.
With a 51.45% shareholding in the drug, the acquisition has had a less negative impact on the net profit of the drug. Values and corporate industry leadership, maintaining a “recommended” rating, clinical trial resource constraints: the recovery of traditional business is slow: competition is deteriorating.
2. Teg Medicine (300347): Incentive programme implementation, Table 1: Recommended Logic for Teg Medicines
Xu Mufan, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Pharmacology, University of Gangan, Master of International Finance, University of Glasgow, joined in May 2019 as a member of the civil securities industry.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,