Keeping performance up fast and looking forward to high growth in the future.
This represents an increase of 61.04 per cent; net profit from non-repatriation of $288 million, an increase of 51.96 per cent; of this, operating income of $728 million, an increase of 30.16 per cent, was achieved in the second quarter of 2019;
Realization of the net profit of shareholders belonging to parent companies of $207 million, an increase of 68.32 per cent in the same year; increase of 33.15 per cent in the realization of deductions, mainly due to an increase in sales team personnel; administrative costs of $150 million, 58,646,000 yuan, an increase of 15.68 per cent in the same year. Net operating cash flows of $126 million,
(i) Benefiting from the high profile of the crón industry, maintaining high performance, maintaining high growth in the company's performance and maintaining good cost control during the period. 19h1 companies achieved a profit of 1,337 million yuan (+29.49 per cent) and a net profit of 352 million yuan (+61.04 per cent) from the mother, excluding it.
The net profit of the mother is 288 million yuan (+51.96 per cent). Of this amount, 19q2 earned 728 million yuan (+30.16 per cent), the net gain of the mother is 207 million yuan (+68.32 per cent) and the net profit of the mother is 176 million yuan (+46.6 per cent). The profit end is growing faster than the end of the income, and we believe that the main reason is that, on the one hand,
During the same period last year, it was clear that 19h1 companies had invested $71.76 million, an increase of 128.25 per cent over the same period.
The net operating cash flow has declined on a year-on-year basis.
Long-term prospects for development: semi-annual in-depth follow-up of the triage of 3.2018-09-13: performance maintenance, 634 million yuan in revenues from clinical trial technical services for 19h1, an increase of 26.65 per cent over the same period.
We believe that this is due mainly to the rapid increase in the number of clinical trials driven by the domestic surge in innovative drug research and development, and to the stabilization of the number of trials under the model of pharmaceutical consistency evaluation. At the same time, companies have accelerated the inter-countryization of services networks in Asia and the Pacific, Eastern Europe, the United States, etc., and the creation of a new Department of Overseas Industries to speed up outreach.
Businesses in Europe and the United States. 19h1 foreign operations generated revenues of $611 million, an increase of 22.78 per cent over the same period. Companies have been active in expanding their business areas in a variety of ways, and investment and co-operation have produced better synergies and contributed to long-term sustainable development in the future.
Investment funds and M&A funds in the health-care industry to speed up equity investments; (2) new offshore subsidiaries to expand European operations: (3) operational synergies and complementarities through strategic cooperation; investment results are significant and returns are growing. Companies are involved in the establishment of numerous new pharmaceutical investments and M&As in the health-care industry.
Gold, a growing investment in high-quality innovative medicine projects of investment value. 19H1 G (ii) insisted on technology-driven, steady and rising R & D inputs. Companies insisted on technology-driven R & D investments and steady and steady growth in R & D investments during the reporting period.
This represents an increase of 15.68 per cent, or 4.39 per cent. On the one hand, the company has advanced research on clinical trials such as rheumatological arthritis, antidepressants, anti-diabetes, and, on the other hand, has continued research on the development of hardware systems for clinical research, including an artificial intelligence support system for clinical trials, an IT system based on data management, a cloud storage system for data management, etc.
Technical support was provided in the data management of drug-clinics to reduce research and development time and improve the efficiency of drug-clinic trials. (iii) Equity incentives were extensive and talent incentives were gradually improving. In March 19 the company launched a restricted stock incentive scheme. The total proposed offer was approximately 4.85 million restricted shares.
Incentives are understood as follows: (1) There is a wide range of incentives. The total number of incentives is 470, covering the core technical (business) personnel of the company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and some of those who have worked in the company for three years, and there is a wide range of incentives.
Broad. (2) aims to attract and retain good talent, mobilize motivation, and help companies develop in the long term. Compared to the Department’s recent revenue performance, this exercise is not strictly limited, and the timely completion of performance appraisals is a general event. The international objective is to mobilize motivation, bind the individual interests of the core team to the development of the company, and enhance operational effectiveness.
Rates. The company’s focus on talent also helps attract more talent. (3) Incentive amortization costs have little impact on performance. If awarded in May 19, the corresponding amortization costs for 2019-2022 would be 3291.84. Table 3: The equity incentive scheme grants a portion of the corresponding amortization costs.
In 19 years, the company reported a high rate of growth, benefiting from the high profile of the industry, and we continue to appreciate the company’s lack of development prospects. The company is a leading company in the country’s clinical trials. First, the company’s clinical research capacity and business experience are evident and its service capacity is increasing; and second, through the establishment of investment funds, new affiliates abroad, strategic collaboration, etc.
In addition, companies insist on technology-driven investment in research and development to contribute to long-term sustainable development in the future. We look to the company as a leader in clinical trials to maintain high growth rates.
Industry competition increases risks; core skilled personnel lose risks; and research and development and evaluation of consistency in innovative medicines are less advanced than expected.