Starwood shares (601799.sh) Autobot parts and components iii Upgraded to help start a new era of lights
A steady growth of domestic vehicle lights will continue to benefit from national production as a substitute for the larger space created by competitive patterns in the industry. Since the public market, a steady annual growth of 24.97% and 15.95% in revenue and net profits has been achieved, making it one of the domestic vehicles that are “exceeded by more than one” enterprises; in 2016, the domestic market accounted for 7%, compared with Fareo, Ma and Ma, with the exception of the small ones.
Foreign capital giants such as Riley and Heila are roughly the same, and they are the vanguards of domestic car lamps. Companies have the advantage of good quality, high value for money, and rapid responsiveness to customer services, and the process of benefiting from national production substitution is expected to accelerate, given the increased sensitivity to the cost of parts and components of the entire downstream customer enterprise as a result of increased competition in the market.
In response to developments in the carlight industry, corporate products are accelerating their upgrading to “big lights + leed + smart”, single-light prices are accelerating, Māori turning points have been formed, and the customer structure has become a leading joint venture of autonomous branding companies to the public.
The branded car company, which is primarily optimized, benefits from the new car cycle that began in 2018 (a total of about 23 new cars were launched over the next two years, four new factories were built, with a total output of up to 3 million from 1.6 million), and the sales of the company’s products are expected to increase at an accelerated rate.
In the next two to three years, the Director-General’s new production capacity at the Spring and Fuoshan plants will be released. According to our calculations, the output of the company’s front-lights plus the post-lights plus the fog lights can be expanded each year.
Liu Wenting period; Changchun and Fuoshan factory production is not as fast as expected.
Starwoo shares: The performance of the center report meets expectations, and Starwoo is on the mark of “Sin first, the head of the in-house lights that rise under the national production replacement dividend” (i) the head of the in-house in-house lights, and the client structure is of high quality
The company was founded on 18 May 2000 and listed on a stock master board on 1 February 2011. The company’s main business is car front lights, back-to-back lights, fog lights, daylights, lightlights in cars, and light in the car, which includes a crowd of people, a toyota, upper gas, upper gas generals, a toyota, a car in the car, a car in the car, a car in the east wind.
Japanese, German BMW, Gilly, Volvo (China), and Chirete Jaguar Lugger, well-known domestic and international car-making firms. After more than a decade of development, companies have grown into domestic car-driving lights, with a share of the domestic market of around 7% in 2016 (the Chinese Car Prices and Market Concentration Analysis 2017 data), after foreign car-light companies such as Little, Fareo, Marelli, and Heera.
(ii) A high concentration of equity and a relatively stable governance structure 37.3 per cent of the company's direct holdings and 3.84 per cent of its indirect holdings through the Permanent State Starling Investment Management Corporation Ltd. A combined 57.29 per cent of the company's shares are held with Zhou Xiaoping and her daughter, with a high concentration of shares and a relatively stable governance structure.
Su-woo currently owns five subsidiaries and a Sun Company: the Changzhou base and its fully-owned subsidiary, Fu Shan and Jilin Sung-woo, are three vehicle light production bases; the Star-War Smart Motors Electronics, established in 2016, is currently mainly engaged in smart-light development and production; and the European and Hong Kong-Sung-Woo are primarily responsible for marketing products outside the mainland region, and the Hong Kong-Sung-Woo acquired Austria in 2014
(iii) Benefiting from an alternative dividend in national production, and growing robustly, 1 and the company's performance robustly.
This year, corporate revenue continued to grow at a relatively high rate, while net profits grew at a faster rate than in previous years. The gain was 37.97%, with gross profits of $647 million a year and 25.15% a year, contributing 89.12% and 92.17%.
The rapid growth in headlight operations is the main reason for the high and sustained growth in the performance of companies.2 The continuing benefits of the competitive patterns in the industry have resulted in the emergence of a national alternative space for automobile parts and components, with a 3 per cent share in the domestic lights market since the beginning of the market in 2011.
The company’s share of the market is now second only to that of the “one-by-one” and is based on the foreign capital giants of Fareo, Marelli, and Heila. Figure 6: The domestic pattern of the domestic car light market in 2016
Figure 7: The global pattern of carlight markets in 2016 is better growing than the foreign carlight giants, with cost and response speed advantages. Compared to the global car lamp giants of "A Super Too Much" and "Faleo" , heila has the following advantages as an internal vehicle lamp tap: 1.
Good growth: The company is still smaller in terms of revenue and net profit compared to the foreign headlights, but its performance is on the upward path, growing better than that of foreign capital. Cost advantage: Star is using methods such as domestication of equipment, home-made production lines, etc., coupled with lower design costs and labour costs, keeping both Māori and net interest rates high. 3 Responsiveness and operational advantage: current strength:
The main domestic foreign-owned car-lighting enterprises still use “domestic operations, overseas decision-making” as an operating mechanism, with little capacity to respond and implement in terms of understanding customer needs, adapting quickly to customer needs; and Starwoo, as the lead vehicle for in-house capital, has a shorter and faster decision-making chain, allowing for rapid customer demand at all stages of design, development, production, logistics, after-sales services, etc.
Figure 10: Starwoo’s Māori ratio compared to the world’s car-light giants is ahead of the technology, size, and clientele compared to the in-house car-lighting companies.
There are also relatively large companies such as Zhejiang Tianjiang and Jiang Su Changchen, which have a large gap in technology, size, and customer resources compared to the company, and which are still dominated by medium- and low-end autonomous brands. The system of clients is now increasingly dominated by autonomous brands, which are also becoming more sophisticated. Therefore, the company’s main competition is at this stage.
Downstream competition between firms is increasing, the process of national substitution is expected to accelerate, and Star-woo continues to benefit. From downstream developments in the lighting industry, the domestic automobile industry has been growing steadily since 2010, following the rapid growth of the first decade of the twenty-first century.
In the future, automobile sales will likely slow further to below 5 per cent, and the profitability and expansion of entire firms will decline in the age of stock competition; in this case, firms that are cheap, of good quality and able to service their customers will be more likely to be favored by their customers.
Yu, as the leader of the internal vehicle industry, has a technological, size-and-client advantage over other internal vehicle-lighting firms, and is more productive, responsive and implementable than foreign-owned vehicle-light companies, and is expected to replace more beneficiary countries with more market share in the context of stock competition.
(i) Upgrading of products to "Big Lighting + Ledization + Smartness" in three dimensions: "Big Lighting + Ledization + Smartity" is expected to lead to a parallel increase in average single-light prices with Māori rates, with greater performance elasticity.
The average price of single lamps has increased from $35.9 in 2011 to $58.5 in 2016 (measured on the basis of the annual report's revenue and sales package), and the upward trend in the last three years has been very clear in terms of the volume of Led lamps and smart lights that will be added to the value of the product in the future.
In order to complete the strategic shift from small-light to light-based operations, companies have adopted low-cost strategies in previous years to capture the most likely market and boost business revenues. Thus, in previous years, the share of corporate light businesses has increased, but overall grossly, over the past few years.
Interest rates have declined, from 27.2% in 2011 to 21% in 2016. But for foreign-owned car-light companies, the lights sales have increased considerably since 2017, and the company's Māori rate has increased or is growing (22.0% in the third quarter of 2017). So, we judge that the company is expected to move up in the next few years.
Figure 13: Continuous increase in the average price of corporate single lamps, product upgrade dimension one: big lighting
The front headlights, as the eyes of cars, are about car's "face" and are about car safety, and they're the weight of the car's brands. The front headlights, as the eyes of the car, are used as a selling point for new cars. In the case of the German livin', the BMW, and the Mercedes, the front headlights are used as important points of focus for car design.
“Lightshops” have built up independent front lights for each of their car systems; BMW has used the front lamp as a symbol of its own product, and the “Angel Eye” is one of its most well-known and best-looking features; Mercedes's headlights are shaped with “brows” and consumer recognition of their products is further enhanced.
Based on estimates by the China Industrial Information Network (CIIN) of the size of the market for carlights, we expect the domestic market to be about 48 billion yuan in 2016, taking into account the weight of the various lights collected in the overall market, as measured by the use of CarLight Technology, Industry and Market Trends 2017, which was published by the Memess Consultation. The market for the first market for headlights was about 31,680 million yuan, representing the total fleet of vehicles.
About 66 per cent of the lighting market; about $8.16 billion in the second-largest market for car taillight products (with rear position lamps, back turn lamps, brake lamps, etc.), accounting for about 17 per cent of the overall lamp market; about $4.8 billion in in-car lamps (top lights, reading lights, walllights, etc.) for the product market; about 10 per cent of the overall lamp market; and about $3.36 billion in fog lamps and some other small part of the light camp, accounting for the street.
Figure 16: The size of the domestic lighting industry market The structure of the company ' s products is shifting from small-light to large-light operations, with the share of headlight revenues continuously rising in the country.
Over the past few years, the structure of the company’s products has been gradually upgraded from in-car light to out-of-car light, with headlights and back-to-back light revenues rising from a year-to-year level, rising from 60% in 2014 to 69% in 2016, and the average price of driving single lamps has risen rapidly.
Formerly, the company ' s share of the domestic market was almost equal to the foreign capital giants of Fareo, Marelli and Hira, and the stage of low-price capture was almost complete, with a gradual increase in the Māori rate over the next few years likely to be an event.2 The product upgrade dimension two: ledification
Starting with the first time that a human body installed a lamp on a car, the light source has undergone a number of generations of technological changes. According to the development of the light, the lamp has evolved from halogen to led, and the laser lamp has started to be applied to some of the fancy new high-end models of Mercedes, BMW, Audi. From product life-cycle theory, the laser lamp is still in import and will be available in the future.
It is determined by the magnitude of the price decline brought about by technological progress; while Led lamps are now in the long term and demand, sales and profits will rise rapidly as penetration rates rise; halogen lamps, which are difficult to replace fully in the short term due to low prices, are still in the transition from maturity to recession; and aphid lamps are on the verge of recession because of the future replacement of the Led lamps.
For whole-car manufacturers, low-end models for halogen lamps with lower prices (500-800 yuan/sets) are currently chosen, while high- and medium-end models have higher-value aphid lamps (1,000-3000/sets) or led lamps (4000/sets), and high-priced laser lamps (over $10,000/sets) will be installed only on some of the luxury branded high-forming models.
According to led statistics, in 2016, the domestic installation of new car lamps continued to dominate, with about 57% of the market share; the market share for aphids, 35% of the gas lamps, and the market share for led lamps, 7%; and the market share for laser lamps, less than 1%. The price of the led lamps became apparent, and in the future the market share for aphid lamps will be seized from medium- and high-end vehicles.
The light intensity, useful life, lighting effects, energy consumption indicators are significantly better than the haloton and aphid lamps, and led light prices are still declining at a rate of 15 per cent per year. The price of the light lights is expected to be further down to between $1,000 and $3,000 over the next two to three years.
Leed car light penetration is increasing rapidly, and the market space is wide. According to Ledinside's projections, the penetration rate of the car-red headlights will increase from 7 per cent in 2016 to 25 per cent in 2020, with an average annual increase of 4.5 percentage points; the penetration rate of the Led taillights will increase from 7 per cent in 2016 to 25 per cent in 2020.
In the light of the 4-5% annual growth) trend in the price of Led headlights and taillights (which is expected to drop by about 10% per year), we expect that the total market space for the led headlights plus the taillights will grow from about 10.2 billion yuan in 2016 to about 22.7 billion in 2020, with an average compound annual growth rate of 22.23%.
The annual composite growth rate is 34.55 per cent; the Led taillight market will grow from about 5.6 billion yuan in 2016 to about 7.6 billion yuan per year, and about 790 million yuan per year per year to about 1,120 million yuan per year by 2020, with an average compound growth rate of 9.1 per cent per cent per year.
The company's technological reserves in the area of led lamps are high, and the led taillights have been produced. The company has been developing the project “Led light system development for vehicles” under the National High Technology Research Development Plan since 2003. During the implementation of the project, a total of 4 led vehicles were developed and 3 led frontlight production lines were set up; in 2007, the national torch programme was taken up.
Through years of effort, the company has accumulated a wealth of experience in the technology of led and has a number of patented technologies, such as "led-based car front lights", "led-source vehicle front lights", "led front lights" and "red-lights." In 2013, the company invested $588 million in the construction of 500,000 annual reed lights (taillights) and accompanying projects, which were launched in 2014.
In 2016, the company ' s led lights entered the Odia 3 and q5 front lights and BMW F 45/f46lci back-package system, which is scheduled to start delivery in 2018. The led front lights produced in 2018, which will result in a significant increase in the company ' s performance.
The lights are still dominated by taillights, but many of the Led front-light orders received in 2016, based on the R & D production cycle for two to three years, are expected to start in 2018 with large-scale production packages. Given that the sources of light and led chip used by the world’s leading car-light companies are purchased from large outside firms, there is no significant difference between the product and technology levels of the company’s car-lights and the foreign-led lights.
It is expected to compete with them. The rapid increase in the penetration rate of the country’s reed lights and the rapid expansion of the new model of the large customer are expected to result in a rapid increase in the volume of public-service lights. We assume that the share of the reed lamps in the total sales of the pre-company lights from 2018 to 2020 corresponds to 10%, 20% and 30% respectively to 340,000, 880,000 and 1.38 million vehicles, respectively.
3. Product upgrading dimension III: Affixation of light in Majeta, Benz and Volvo models is nearly 10% lower than the rate of accidents with a normal light model. In addition, in night traffic accidents, as many as 30% of accidents are reported due to the misuse of long-lights by drivers, installed from a distance.
The vehicles in the light system (adb) can avoid such accidents. Therefore, the spread of smart car lamps such as afs, adb, etc., is of great relevance for the safety of drivers, the improvement of traffic safety, and the reduction of traffic accidents.
The first generation of smart car lamps - ATM lights: ATMs, also called ARSs, are used to determine light light brightness changes through light sensors, control automatic lighting and extinguish the lights. Currently, there is a higher prevalence in new cars in the country, with more equipment than the second generation of smart car lamps - Afffs: Affixed to the large light system afs (adaptivefront-lighting)
System (system) is capable of achieving a light view and range control that includes a pattern of moving direction, dynamic level adjustment, rain day, and start-up, emergency braking. On the whole function, afs' up-and-down adjustment functions can be applied in real time to the height of the light; and the left-and-right moder functions can be re-directed in real time to the direction wheel.
Since 2003, many car manufacturers in Germany, Japan, Toyota, and Czech Skota have been equipping their products with afs, while domestic afs products have a slightly lower penetration rate, with only 22.80% of the equipment in new domestic vehicles in 2016.
Third-generation smart-car lights -- adb: the greatest improvement over affs is the ability to automatically adjust the long-light to the near light, avoiding the driver's misuse of the long-lights. Adbli detects vehicles moving in the front with cameras, and automatically turns on the long-light when there's no light in the driveway, when there's light in the driveway.
And then the block in the headlights will be adjusted to block some of the flashlights and to prevent the emergence of miraculous features. As the road conditions vary, the adb will also regulate the light patterns in real time to achieve different lighting patterns, such as urban patterns, rural road patterns, highway patterns, etc. The adb was initially applied to the Mercedes-e-class vehicle launched in 2009 (the system can direct the light from a distance depending on traffic flow and road lighting conditions).
The same technology has been applied to Benz in class S, cls, and c models. Other car manufacturers have developed and used similar technologies since then, and are now better equipped for luxury brand models. Of the new cars in the country, the installation rate for the adb system in 2016 was about 13.90%, but it is also growing rapidly.
Figure 27: Misuse of distant lights endangers the safety of cars, Figure 28: 5 lighting patterns in adb. Figure 29: Rate of new vehicle equipment for all types of smart car lights
Smart car lamps further increase the value added of their products, and market space is significant. It is known that the price of adding an automatic switch light system to a common lamp is around $300, plus a set of afs is around 2000-3000, plus an adb is over $2,000. In the age of smart cars, lights can be even more powerful by producing and selling smart car lamps.
We assume that the penetration rate of afs will rise from about 22.80% in 2016 to about 35% in 2020, and that the price of adb seepages will remain at about 5% a year. It will be calculated that the domestic market space for afs lights will grow from about 13.9 billion yuan in 2016 to about 216 billion yuan in 2020, with an average annual compound increase of 11.56%; the market space for adb lamps will be reduced by about 5% a year.
In 2016, about $7.8 billion went up to about $17 billion in 2020, with an average annual compound growth rate of 21.48 per cent. Figure 30: Afs market space measurements The gradual entry-in-product application of smart car lamps is expected to be a new bright spot for the growth of corporate performance.
In 2016, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Matsu China to develop a light-drive technology, a strategic cooperation agreement with Kai-wing vehicles to develop the next generation of night-time assistive driving systems (nads), and successfully developed the first generation of anadb headlights (based on a light) that can be based on the state of the road.
In 2017, the company’s second generation of adb prelights were also successfully developed, and now a small batch of Chirí parts of the model will be produced in the future. As domestic smart car lights become more widely available, the market space for company smart car lamps is wide and is expected to be a new light for performance growth.
(ii) Client upgrading, benefiting from a new public car cycle, client upgrading: from autonomous brands to joint venture brands Clients gradually opting out from autonomous brands to joint ventures and foreign brands, currently the largest customer in the company.
By 2014, the company’s main client had been optimized as a joint venture, with a total of 38.18 per cent of the sales revenue for the top customer, and a total of 38.18 per cent for the public.
In addition to the joint venture brand clients, the company entered the BMW global platform support system in 2016 through a BMW post-f45/f46lci project. According to the 2016 China Automotive Consumption Report, autonomous brands currently occupy predominantly less than $100,000.
In the low-end car market, joint brands account for more than 90% of the medium- and high-end market of $100,000 or more. On average, joint brands are 76,000 and 32,000 more expensive than autonomous Chire cars.
This is also helping to increase the sales of high-value-added products such as big lights, led lights, smart lights, etc..2 A new cycle of cars benefiting the public over the next two years, a mass-car structure missing out on the suv tide, and sales slowing down.
Cars are still dominated by cars, with only Audiq3 and q5 suvs. In terms of domestic vehicle sub-type sales, the increase in car sales has continued to slow, and the volume of suv sales has remained high. In the country’s continuing high-growth wave, autonomous branding companies, such as the Great Wall, Jili, have emerged, while the general public has continued to slow down as a result of the loss of suv.
Figure 37: Domestic sedan sales and speed increases The public is expected to grow faster in the next two years. In June 2017, a public car announcement was made, and 23 pieces, including popular brands, Audi brands and third brands, will be launched in 2018 and 2019.
The total number of new vehicles will be doubled on the current basis, covering three high, medium, and low price zones. Of these, seven new vehicles will be launched in 2018, four new vehicles will be launched in Audi, six new vehicles will be launched in 2019, three new vehicles will be launched in Ody, and three new third-party brands (including multiple new energy models), with a total of six new cars in Suv.
The intensive placement of new vehicles will improve the product structure of a large crowd, and sales will be expected to increase considerably. Ten thousand, with four factories under construction, will cover four large areas of south-south China, north-east China, east China, and north-east China, all of which will be upgraded to 2.8 million vehicles (up to 3 million), an increase of 75.0 to 87.5%.
It is expected that, with the release of a new mass vehicle model and the release of new capacity, the supply of the company’s accompanying lamp product will rise rapidly.
The company's headquarters in Changzhou, Changchun, and Foshan are close to large clients.
In 2016, the Changchun base was launched to better serve the company’s top clients, near the base of the Changchun automobile industry. The Fushan base is about to become operational, near the Guangdong auto industry cluster, and can be close to the customer base of Hiroshima, Hiroshima Honda, Hiroshima, Biadei and Volkswagen.
The ipo was used to expand production in the permanent state itself, doubling capacity over four years. Before the 2011 market, the company had only one production plant in the permanent state, with a combined capacity of about 1.2 million (1.2 million headlights, after-shut lamps, fog lamps each). After the company went on the market, $430 million was used to raise funds from the ipo for a 1 million headlight extension project, which could increase gradually over four years, and is now owned by the permanent state headquarters.
Since 2013, companies have registered to establish subsidiaries in Guangdong Fushan and Jilin Changchun, acquiring plots and implementing plans to build plants near major clients.
The Jilin Long Spring Starlights Company Ltd., a project to produce 1 million car lamps a year, was completed in March 2016, and phase two is expected to be launched in 2018. The factory started construction in 2015 with 500,000 headlamps, 800,000 rear lights, and was launched in the fourth quarter of 2017; 1 million headlights, 200,000 post-set lights, were produced in phase two.
Due to the abundance of company orders, there is still a certain gap in capacity, which does not preclude the continued expansion of productive capacity in the future Permanent State headquarters, and the future growth in the company’s additional productive capacity will be higher, providing a strong guarantee for high performance growth. (i) Comparable financial comparisons with companies
Shelett is one of China’s most representative companies in the field of lighting. The products include the led room lighting series, the led outdoors series, the car lighting series (Led lights) and so on; and the Fry glass, the Hwat technology group and the Tupou Group are the domestic automobiles.
According to the latest three-quarterly report in 2017, the size of the company’s net profit against the amount of revenue it earns is in the middle.
But the growth is faster. The growth rate of corporate revenue is second only to the Tupou Group, and the growth rate of net profit returns is at the top of the five companies.
The factor is that the global Māori rate in the carlight industry is only about 15-25%, and Starwoo's Māori rate is higher than in the rest of the world, and the net capital rate is higher than Shelett. We expect that as products and customers are upgraded and the scale of production increases, corporate Māori levels will rise and profitability will increase.
Based on the company’s performance and our judgement of future trends in the industry, profit projections and assumptions are made for corporate car lamps, flexible flat cables, triangulation signs and other operations, respectively.
Forelights, back-to-back lights, fog lights, small lights in all types of vehicles, etc., customers cover a large number of major domestic and international car-to-car enterprises, such as a crowd of people, a toyota, a large crowd, and a large car-to-car fleet. The main point of growth in the future is that: 1) product upgrades are consistent with industry trends, and big lights + leedization + intelligence brings the average of single lamps and Māori rates up simultaneously.
Increased income and profit growth will be more elastic. 2) Clients optimized from autonomous brands to joint ventures and foreign brands, accompanied by a high-end model, the first-largest clients entering the new car cycle in 2018 and 2019 (23 new cars), the build-up of new capacity release (from the current 1.6 million to a maximum of 3 million), the scope for growth in production and sales, the company
The accompanying lights sales are expected to increase faster. 3) In 2018, in 2019, the Singapore Long Spring Plant, and in 2019, the new production capacity of the Star Woo Fushan Plant was completed, and it was measured that the average annual growth rate of 18.89 per cent of the combined output of the pre-light plus post-light plus zero lights would be higher than the average annual growth rate of 18.89 per cent, guaranteeing the growth of the sales of corporate products.
For company headlamps, we are based primarily on quantifiable capacity, combined with product upgrading, customer upgrading, etc. Flexible flat cable operations: the company incorporated 70 per cent of Austria ' s soft \diamond stock in 2014 through the acquisition of Austria ' s neuei&tgmbh shares
ffc. Neuei&t, a global leader in the car market and ffc cable technology in other industries, is now in the hands of a large number of car customers (including Mercedes, BMW, Odi, Fiat, Renault, etc.) and industrial products customer support systems. To benefit from the development of the Led light industry, we expect the business to remain stable in the future.
Figure 53: Business income and growth projections for soft flat cable operations
\diamond \diamond company carlights have a well-structured product with a high client structure and a yearly average of 24.97 per cent and net profit since they were marketed
15.95 per cent steady growth. With the catalytic effect of such factors as the replacement of large national production spaces and the upgrading of the carlight industry, we continue to appreciate the future performance of the Division, with the following main logic: 1) elasticity of performance growth due to product upgrading: ledicization of the carlight industry, intellectual upgrading trends, corporate carlight production
The product is also experiencing an upgrading of three dimensions, from small to large, halogen to led, general to smart. As the product upgrades, we expect further room for rising average corporate single-light prices, a turning point for Māori, and future profitability is expected to grow year by year.
2) Performance growth powered by customer upgrading: Domestic automobile sales are increasing at a slower pace, entering an age of stock competition, and the joint venture brand purchasing system is gradually tilting toward more responsive and cost-effective domestic parts and components. In this context, the company, as the backbone of the in-house car, has gradually optimized its customers from an autonomous brand to a combination of joint ventures and foreign goods.
It is expected that the ratio of revenue to the first-largest-sourced public will continue to rise. A crowd will enter the new car cycle in 2018 and 2019 (with 23 new cars in place), adding up the new capacity to release the total output of the four new plants from 1.6 million to up to 3 million) and increasing the volume of sales.
This will also lead to faster growth in the company’s accompanying lamp products. 3) The expansion of capacity will provide performance growth guarantees: the new production capacity of the Singapore Long Spring Plant in 2018 and 2019, and the new production capacity of the Star Woo Fushan Plant in 2019 will then enter the release phase. According to our calculations, from 2017 to 2019, the company’s front-light plus the post-light plus the fog lights will total three.
In a tight state, the release of new capacity will guarantee the smooth delivery of future orders and provide greater certainty for performance growth. 1) Led lights, smart lights, are available less quickly than expected. Led lamps prices are falling less quickly than expected, making it impossible to create an effective replacement for aphid lamps. Laser lamps are a fast break in technology, with costs falling faster than market expectations, and take advantage of Led lights.
The lower than expected price of smart car lamps, resulting in lower than expected penetration rates, and (2) lower than expected sales by downstream customers. There are downside risks at the macro-economic level, with weak overall growth in the automobile industry, affecting the volume of corporate lights sold; a new public vehicle will be marketed less than expected or the production capacity of the new plant will be projected.
The company’s accompanying lights are growing. 3) Longchun and Fuoshan plants are not as fast as expected. The new plants in Changchun and Fuoshan are not as fast as expected, and will affect the delivery of products and, consequently, the company’s performance.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data