23 August 2022 Performance continued to exceed expectations, with steady growth in loan deposits, Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh)
Performance continues to exceed expectations, the impairment pressure is 2022h1, the company achieves operating income at 1st Altitude Beneps is 106 million yuan, an increase of 32.5% over the same period.
High growth, benefiting from steady growth in asset size, sustained optimization of asset and liability structures, and a rapid rise in net non-interest income.
Net interest income of $10,974 million, an increase of 3.53 per cent over the same period; net interest difference of 1.69 per cent, a decrease in the same year; average cost of interest-bearing liabilities of 2.37 per cent, a stable rate that helps to relieve the pressure of interest differentials.
With $6.328 billion in revenue, an increase of 48 per cent in the same year, representing 36.57 per cent of operating income, the same rate of increase continued to grow, mainly due to a significant increase in revenue from fees and charges, such as finance, guarantees, settlement, etc., which resulted in higher operating income. 2022h1, the company ' s other non-interest income of $3.504 billion, an increase in the same year.
At the end of June, corporate non-performing lending rates were the best asset quality, best value for money, and companies were advised to build on Hangzhou, deep-cultivated rivers, strong regional layouts, strong credit growth, and asset quality.
Business transformation and restructuring, corporate finance acceleration, financial service succession, large retail gold, melting layouts are basically shaped around winning wealth business, consolidating consumer credit, steadily increasing co-optability, and micro-finance is growing faster. We look forward to the future of the company.
In keeping with the company's fundamentals and equity elasticity, maintaining a “recommended” rating, 2022-2024 bvps personally committed themselves to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.