Performance exceeded expectations, credit delivery was strong: on 8 July, Hangzhou Bank issued a fast-track report on 22h1 performance. 17.3 billion yuan, yoy+16.3 per cent, net profit return to mothers, $6.59 billion, yoy+31.5 per cent, negative rate of 0.79 per cent, provision coverage
As of 22h1, the income per year plus 0.5 pct, the net profit of the mother has remained above 30 per cent, the ring has increased slightly, achieving high growth on a 21h1-high base, high performance or partially benefiting from positive credit q2.
Loans are two times boom, supporting a high expansion and a steady net difference. At the end of the asset, as of 22h1, the loan grew at a rate of \triangleright 29%, the ring increased significantly + 7.1 pct, and the lead total asset grew at a further rate, reflecting the project reserve.
The asset quality has remained stable and the provision has remained high. As of 22h1, the bad rate ring ratio-3bp; reported in detail in the first quarter of 2022 by the Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh).
As the impact of the epidemic subsides and the economy recovers steadily, the quality of assets is expected to be stable. 2. Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) explained in detail in 2021:
The provision coverage continues to be excellent, with anti-breathing profit space or more significant. The new strategy opens up, is high growth, is high-quality, is highly probabilities for transfer of debt to equity, and is highly motivated by year-round performance growth.
Investment recommendations: high performance, stable asset quality Active credit delivery, boosted performance, expected to lead the banks; capital and negative structure tending to improve and expected to ease the pressure on net interest differentials; the epidemic has a more limited impact on asset quality and the provision remains high;
There is less room for conversion to equity, creating a virtuous circle with performance growth. We raise the profit forecast to 22 times 22 years pb, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Figure 1: Hangzhou Bank's performance up to 22h1 is increasing at the same rate.
Figure 2: Hangzhou Bank ' s performance as at 22h1 increased on a year-on-year basis (single season) Figure 3: Hangzhou Bank ' s total assets and loans as at 22h1 increased on a year-on-year basis (%) Summary of corporate financial statement data projections
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.