Hangzhou Bank has continued to grow in performance and keep looking good. Hangzhou Bank's performance has increased by 31.7% over the same year.
The growth in size, fees and investments is high, with 19.1% higher than the previous year, absolute higher in the industry, higher in the provision of incremental provisions, and slightly less counter-breathing profit.
As companies grow, core-level capital demand rises, attention is paid to conversions to equity. As companies report performance, recognition of regional advantage, high-profit growth-led rise in roe, and demand for core-level capital rises.
Corporate performance was 31.7 per cent of the year, driven by roe up by 2.34 percentage points, to 16.62 per cent. Performance contributions came from scale, middle-income and provision, particularly higher credit-led risk assets and higher per cent of non-interest income, and investment capacity continued to contribute to performance.
Other non-interest-related increases in investment continued, with other non-interest-related increases of 57.9 per cent over the same period in the first half of the year; high-growth fees and fees for operations such as finance grew by 37 per cent over the same period; and trust, guarantee commitments and settlements grew faster in the first quarter of the second quarter compared to the same period, with high-growth finance generating revenue.
The growth in management and trusteeship contributed the most. The remaining balance of $354.907 billion represented a quarterly decline of 3bp compared to the quality of the epidemic-disturbing assets and the high level of provision, and the percentage of loans of concern was 0.46 per cent at the beginning of the year, an increase of 8bp from the previous quarter.
Bank Hangzhou: Performance Lead, graft-loaded and garbled. Bank Hangzhou: Asset Quality Building Performance Stable.
Hangzhou Bank: Limited impact on operations, government cooperation, repeated epidemics, economic over-expected downs; regulatory over-expected controls.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Banks: Central comptoirsii Hangzhou Bank, mid-2022, net profit returns to mothers of $6,592 million, a 31.7 per cent increase over the same period, net interest income increased by 3.5 per cent over the same period, and net handling fees
Revenues grew by 37.3 per cent over the year, operating income by 16.3 per cent over the year, total assets by 19.1 per cent over the year, loans by 22.5 per cent over the year, and banks in Hangzhou by 31.7 per cent over the year, at a high rate of 31.7 per cent over the year, leading to a sustained increase in profitability. High growth in size, fees, and non-interest-related investment by 19.1 per cent, 37 per cent and 58 per cent over the year led to rapid growth in operating income.
At the margins, interest rates and macro-environment pressure differentials and the epidemic have an impact on asset quality. As companies grow in size, demand for capital at the core level rises, and attention is paid to conversion to equity.
1. High profitability growth led to a rise in the roe, a rise in capital demand at the core level,3 excellent performance in non-interest income, sustained performance in investment capacity, sustained growth in other non-interest-related investments, 57.9 per cent growth in other non-interest-related investments in the first half of the year, and 33.2 per cent growth in the same period.
High growth-driven fee revenue for operations such as finance increased by 37 per cent over the year and 63 per cent in the first quarter of the second quarter of the same year. High growth in fees contributed the most to the growth of trust and fiduciary operations. The residual property balance of $354.907 million was higher than at the end of the previous year, with the cost of hedged deposits on the debtor ' s own initiative and lower on the debtor ' s side. The loan return rate was 5.05 per cent, compared to 5.05 per cent.
On the other hand, the cost of deposits rose by 2.26 per cent, 5bp, all active liabilities went down, debt went down at 28bp, partner at 23bp, and the liability as a whole went down only 2bp. On the other hand, the increase in the cost of deposits was more than offset by an increase in the share of loans on the structure. 2 quarters measured a net interest difference of 1.64 per cent, a decrease of 8bp compared to 1 quarter. Of this, asset end-to-end rate of return went down at 11bp, and liability end-to-cost was lower.
Line 1bp, which may be similar in the first half of the year.5 In the event of an outbreak of disturbance, the quality of assets remains absolutely high and the rate of non-performing loan generation is 0.17%, which is still at a low level.
The banks, as a pro-cyclical sector, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development. Macroeconomic development affects the performance of the real economy and profitability, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Financial regulation is over-expected. Regulation of hidden government debt, real estate regulation has intensified since 2021, while continuing to induce banks to make concessions.
The real economy, however, if financial regulation is expected to affect corporate earnings performance, either by allowing the policy supermarket.