q2 high growth in performance and project advancement of continuous contribution incremental investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) corporate disclosure of 2021h1 performance advance report:
The main reasons for the significant growth in corporate performance are: 1) In terms of product prices, higher industry climates have led to a rise in average corporate sales. 2021h1, we believe that metals such as copper, gold, zinc, etc., are in the context of the recovery from overseas economies and global inflation expectations.
The price focus will continue to be high. (2) In the context of the metal price increase, companies actively organize production, with the production of primary mineral gold, copper, zinc, etc. increasing by the same amount. During the reporting period, companies achieved 22.02 tons of mining gold, increasing by the same amount.
Ten thousand tons, an increase of 23.46% over the same period. In addition, the company ' s mineral copper and mineral gold construction projects have accelerated.1 In the case of copper mines, on 25 May, the company ' s Kamoa-Cakula, located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, successfully launched the first phase of the first series of projects, which resulted in the production of approximately 200,000 copper and metal annually after childbirth.
Tons, according to the launch plan, in 2021, concentrate mines are expected to produce 80-95 million tons of copper-containing metals, and in the first half of the year copper metal is expected to contribute approximately 10,000 tons.2 With regard to gold mines, on 16 June, the company in the upper belt of the Pej copper gold mine in Serbia officially entered the pilot phase of production, either in the first half of the year or as a contribution.
The project is expected to make a smooth transition from mining infrastructure to production operations in September of this year, with delivery expected to produce an average of 91,000 tons of copper per year and 2.5 tons of gold per year. • Focused projects are steadily moving forward, with capacity release contributing to increased performance.
During the second half of the year, the company promoted the completion of major projects and continued to expand the scale of production: 1 Kamo A-Cacura copper phase I, with a projected production of about 40,000 tons of additional copper; 2 selvi tons of copper production; and 3 Serbian copper gold-carrying production, with an estimated contribution of about 40,000.
Ton copper production and 2 tons of gold production;4 the resumption of Powgra gold production in Papua New Guinea is expected to increase public gold production. In addition, in the case of copper, the company is working towards the first phase of the Tibet Dragon Copper Mining Project year.
In the case of gold mines, the increase in gold such as the Vuritica mine in Colombia, the Orora gold mine in Guyana and the mountain-west purple gold in Guyana is higher than expected in the third quarter.
Tens of thousands of tons are expected to be completed this year, with an increase in the expected annual post-natal yield to 9.1 tons, an increase in overseas deposits of 100 billion-grade mines, and a “three-step” of industry to accelerate resource consolidation advantages and achieve short- and long-term targets.
The first phase (2021-2022) focused on increasing the production of minerals.1 In the case of copper, the Congolese Kamoa-Kacura copper mine, the Serbian Péji copper gold mine, the Tibetan dragon removal mine, etc., was completed.
With regard to gold mines, the techniques for increasing production in the form of gold gold from the south, gold from the mountains, gold from the Vuritica in Colombia, gold from the Norton fields in Australia, gold from the Orora in Guyana, and so on. Phase II (2023-2025), in addition to the continued development of existing mines, increased geological exploration efforts are being made, with attention to gold copper students.
M&A opportunities for production-based mining companies to increase the resource reserves and yields of major minerals. Phase III (2026-2030): full-scale implementation of a highly technologically efficient mega-mining group, advanced global business management system, global competitiveness and comparative competitive advantage.
The concentration of copper and gold prices continues to be high, influenced by many factors, such as the recovery of the overseas economy and inflation expectations. The company's mineral reserves are abundant and the “violet model” enhances the efficiency of its operations, and the company's important mining projects are not as productive as expected; the price of copper has fallen dramatically; and the renminbi exchange rate has fallen.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.