Company evaluation report  Non-ferrous metal industry with an all-time high of q2 in volume q2, heavy purple gold mining (601899.sh)
Investment event: the company published its semi-annual report in 2021, which generated 10,863 million yuan in business revenue in the first half of 2021, an increase of 32.14 per cent over the previous year; realized net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
The overall increase in the price of metals from mines contributed to a significant increase in the company’s profitability. Average gold prices increased by 8.87 per cent to $1804.41 per ounce in the first half of 2021, lme copper by 64.54 per cent to $90,91.72 per ton in the same year, and lme zinc by 38.74 per cent to 38.74 per cent in the same year.
The unit price of copper from mines and zinc from mines increased by 0.44 per cent, 59.17 per cent, 77.98 per cent to $352.18 per g, 53226 per ton, 13313 per ton. In addition, the unit price of silver from the company mines and iron ore increased by 43.08 per cent, 21.81 per cent to 3.62 per ton in the first half of the year.
In the same period, only 7.05 per cent, 3.66 per cent to $182.67 per ton, 6762 ton, and the cost of selling copper from mines, respectively, decreased by 4.24 per cent to $18,462 per ton over the same period.
In particular, the sharp rise in the prices of copper from mines and zinc from mines led to an increase of 13.41 percentage points to 58.54 per cent in the ratio of the company ' s combined Māori industry, a rise in the Māori from Māori from Māori from Māori to Māori from Māori from Māori from Māori from Māori from Māori from mining to Māori from mining from mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining from mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining from mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining to mining from mining to mining from mining from mining to mining from mining from mining from mining from mining from mining to mining from mining to mining from mining from mining from mining to mining to mining from mining to mining from mining to mining to mining from mining from mining from mining to mining to mining to mining to mining from mining to mining from mining from mining to mining to mining from mining from mining to mining to mining to mining.
kg, or 8.78 per cent over the same period; 2406 million tons of copper produced in mines, or 4.30 per cent over the same period; 1964 million tons of zinc produced in mines, or 23.46 per cent over the same period.
The project for the selection of the upper mineral belt of the Serbian copper gold mine, which started in June, is scheduled to be fully operational by September, with an estimated additional output of 40,000 tons of copper and 20,000 tons of gold in the west.
Construction of the first phase of the dragon copper removal project in the Tibetan dragon industry is well under way and is expected to be completed by the end of 2021, with 160,000 tons of copper concentrate produced annually. The previously non-produced Powgra gold mine signed a copy with the new government of Pakistan in April on the future ownership and operation of the Powgra gold mine.
A binding framework agreement is expected to resume operations this year. In addition, the company will continue to promote efficiency gains from a number of expansion projects in the Serbian purple gold industry, the Vuritica gold mine in Colombia, the Orora gold mine in Guyana, the Norton gold fields in Australia, and the copper mine in the Heilong River.
New incremental contributions. Strategicly and strategically take the direction of new energy and new materials around the world, step by step, to promote a new energy industry development strategy, and to expand key minerals associated with new energy materials to become fully added areas for companies.
Investment proposal: With the release of the company ' s production capacity for a group of mega-copper gold mining projects, the company ' s failure to produce gold will lead to a significant increase in gold production into a performance breakout period, with the prospect of growth into a global colored resource mine. I am personally committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with a diligent and professional approach, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.