The cellar continues to rise, and the special is awaiting revival.
The complex rate of growth is 13%; there is optimism about the revival of the old special at the second-highest entry price, and it is hoped that a smooth recovery will lead to the creation of the pipeline. The cellar is still a national brand, a regionalized strong niche, and a weak market uplift space.
The core driver of the growth in the performance of the Penang cellar since 2015 comes from the high-end wine cellar 1573, which, in our view, has grown mainly in three ways:
1) Pow price increases open up high-end wine ceilings, lower actual bottle openings at the poo table, moving some of the demand down to the five grain fluids and the state cellar; company prices compared to the 300-deep trend
2) The Kutai model helps companies to bind to channels and terminal depths, to be able to play, to play, to play, and to lead in the industry; 3) [Competer's relative delay in this round of high-end alcohol growth, in contrast to the five-food fluids reform in the current cycle. ]
Focusing on the power of the cellar growth, Henan will be on the verge of a war in the industry: the Maotai dividend will continue and the high-end wine double-digit growth will take place. We think it will be a three-year cycle.
In the medium term, China’s economic development has led to a sustained increase in the consumption of white wine, and it can be observed that the structural upgrading of high-end and higher-end products is significant, and that the low-end price dividend will continue in the foreseeable future, with a positive increase in the content of high-end alcohol.
Over the next three years, the accumulated market size of white wine will grow by about 44% to 50%, and the compound rate of growth will be around 50%. Products: the cellars provide core increment, the special is still to be revived. 1) The cellars, as the third most important product of high-end white wine, focus on branding is the core, and it can be observed that since 2020, the size of the cellars has been quite priced.
After a change of scenery, the lower-end entry price belt is well-adjusted, and although the epidemic has slowed down, the old wine is well-based, and it is expected that the company’s performance will be boosted if the culture of consumption evolves, followed by the emergence of channels offering to add stocks.
Channels: tied distributioner terminals, continued channel pull advantage. The company bound the terminal by combining the return mode with the equity model, and the channel became more proactive. According to our calculations, the five-channel channel has increased profit significantly since 2020, with a higher profit rate than the national cellar, but the cellar terminal profit rate is in the return mode.
We believe that the control board is the method, and that the end motivation is the essence. The division chooses to put more profits at the terminal (smoking hotels) and, by increasing the end profit rate, to form the end-driven virtuous circle of distributors, distributors, and distributors.
In May 2020, the company opened the Henan war, planning for 2020-2022, with a total of $5, $800, $1.2 billion in guest sales and the company's introduction.
Already a successful Kutai model in Chengdu, the channel funds direct companies to cover the costs, the liquor factory to take charge of the transport, and if it becomes the second-largest model market, or provides a template for the country’s customers to go south. As a third brand of high-end white wine, the cellar will continue to benefit from the low-end dividend, folding the brand of the cellar itself.
Channels for power-building and deep-control disks, with a forward-looking upward trend over the next three years; 10 detropies completed, capped sub-prime price belts completed, brand revival based on consumption only, bulk price, channel profit, end profit less than expected; 10 depots recovered than expected; Henan
The battle is not as fast as expected; management changes risks, etc.
1.1 Brands: The three series covers one of the four most famous wines, with the full price covered. The Penang cellar, which began in 1573 A.D., is one of the four most famous wines in China.
1573, "Silves" and "Standards in the Old Thing" series. The company uses the "Two Brands, Three Serieses, Five Singles Strategy" to cover full price segments to meet the needs of the scenes. The company's history is so deep that it has received a gold prize from the Fair, and it is the only one to have a five-time brand with a strong fragrance for winning the Wine Award, 2020, in the Chinese wine industry.
In the sixth place in the wine class, brands worth $39,580 million. 1.2 History: When the Great Falls and the Revival were right, the old cellar in Kyongzhou was a representative of the Boshang River wine, and the State cellar, 1573, together with the flying duo and the five grain fluids, was recognized as high-end.
Wine representatives, after taking over the Swords Group, have accelerated the drive to return to the top three of the industry in 2019, when the company won the first three jobs: by 2000: the gin-fragrancer, the popular wine strategy was out of hand. “The gin-story” was famous five times in a row, became the price-leader and market leader of white wine products after 1950, and became a strong brander in 1989.
After the “no-good wine” was allowed to come to the official table, the price fell, the market warmed, the Qingzhou cellar adopted a “no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no
2001 - 2011: The state cellar became a branding aid, culminating in high-end monolithic products. In 2001, the company launched the national cellar, 1573, targeting high-end white wine, and attempting to return to high-end white wine. After a series of touch and growth, the company gradually developed a strategy of “building the national cellar 1573 as a core high-end monolith”, focusing its channels and resources on the national cellar, following the decade of white wine gold.
Initially, the price was set at 300-400 prices in 2003 and entered the high-end white wine market. By 2011, high-end white wine had collected 68.5% of the total, bringing sales to $5.64 billion.
The failure of the “price” strategy has led to a reduction in the volume of sales in the cellars by half to 3,000 tons from the previous year to 800 tons by 2014. Intra-channel competition under the Fountain model is seriously detrimental to end-marketing, over-exploitation of new product lines leads to a lack of concentration of resources, loss of brand power, and a serious decline in corporate revenue.
2016-present: Sengfeng's reform was just as good as it was. Since 2016, the poo price has continued to rise, leading to a rise in the high-end white light. In 2015, Liu Xin and Lam held the position of Chairman and General Manager of the company, fully cleaned up the bar code, focusing on the cellar 1573, the special, the wine of the cellar, the headlines and the summation.
In 2015, the company began to recover, and in 2015-2019, its performance increased by more than 20%, and chart 3 illustrates the development of the state cellar.
1.3 Products: The state cellar has a steady high-end white wine, five strategic monoliths, and a low-end high school cover.
Middle-low-end price belts. National guests are one of China's three super-high white brands, the "Pu-Pu-Pu", which locates the thousand-dollar price bands, the specials and the "Bourse for the Business Elite" strategizes the middle-end liquor; the popular brand headlines and the "Bourse for the Business Eleons" are below 100 yuan; they follow the "Palse-Palse" route; and they spread the company brands to deep and large markets.
Chart 4 The structure of old cellars in the state has slowed down the growth of low- and middle-grade alcohol, and the share of the country ' s customers has continued to rise. Since 2016, the high-quality liquor store, which is represented by the country ' s customer 1573, has been growing at a rapid rate, with its share of white wine revenue rising from 36% in 2016 to 2019.
Thirty-five per cent of the year fell to 24 per cent in 2019, and the share of the low-end wine camps represented by the head and the second was compared to the 2016 harvest of the product series in the old cellars of Figure 5 and Chart 6 and the growing speed of the product series in the old cellars of the state.
A small number of controlled price increases have been made, and the recovery has been on the upside. Since 2014, when the company developed into a low valley and then took a series of drastic reforms, its performance has gradually recovered, with a high rate of growth in harvests, reaching a 24.2% compound increase from 2014 to 2019, steadily recovering and maintaining a high rate of growth, thanks to the company ' s timely campaign to raise prices:
Since 2017, companies have made a small overstatement of core products such as the national guest 1573 and the specials, which has led to a slow drop in the price of tons from 2014 to 2014, with a compound increase of about -5.5 per cent and a high rate of growth in the average price of the state cellars of Figure 8 and a compound increase of about 31.4 per cent.
Māori interest rates continue to rise. Companies have continued to increase brand promotion inputs in recent years, and sales costs have continued to rise; Management costs have declined steadily as a result of greater economies of scale and efficiency in management. With the gallows ' revenue as a percentage of rapid rises and price increases for core products, Māori increased significantly from 47.6 per cent in 2014 to 80.6 per cent in 2019, a net gain.
Figure 10 Increases the sales cost input and reduces the management cost rate in a steady way
In the context of state capital, the executive has a small shareholding and a stable structure. The company actually controls the State Property Supervisory Management Board in the city of Kyongzhou, with a direct share of 0.08%. The shareholders in the company's holding share are the Cedars Group Ltd., with a share of 26.02%; and the second largest shareholder is the State Capital Investment Group Ltd., with a share of 24.99%.
The company’s two major shareholders, the Group of Consorts and the Group of Heung Xing, signed an agreement of action on 31 December 2015, valid until 1 June 2021, which is conducive to further improvement and clarification of the state-owned shareholders’ equity relationship. Currently, four major executives, Liu Xing and others, hold a small share of the company, with a combined share of 0.04%.
Figure 12 Old state stock structure (as of the end of the first quarter of 2020) has two incentives for older management, with a low shareholding rate. In 2006, companies introduced equity incentives, granted 24 million stock options to core management, and in 2010 companies reissued equity incentive schemes to company directors
Senior managers, middle- and senior-level managers and cadres grant 13.44 million shares of equity options at a price of $12.78. The two sub-equity incentives are mainly focused on senior management, with a low share of current management holdings.
Liu Xing and Lin were in danger of taking over the company in 2015 by taking over the position of Chairman and General Manager of the company, respectively. Liu Xing and Lin were from marketing companies.
Management experience, industry depth, leadership, and comprehensive and in-depth changes in product systems, brand planning, marketing channels and so on. Product systems: cleaning up the product system immediately after the new management came into office, integrating, phasing out, freezing within one year.
(b) Brand planning: in 2017, the company set up a brand renewal team, led by Liu Xing and led by Limfeng, who is the deputy head of the company.
(b) Marketing channels: management replaced the previous branding model (Cyota model) with the former model, sequenced model, with the introduction in 2018 of a “nationalist, specialist” and the revival of a 1573-brand specialism.
In 2014-2019, there was an increase of about 24% in compound collection. At the 2019 marketing recognition conference, it was mentioned that Luangzhou was a state of origin.
In the context of the future development goals of the old cellar, Director Liu Liu Xing, who proposed “a big push back to the top three of the industry” and Managing Director Lim, who emphasized “two brands for two billion dollars”, demonstrated the determination and confidence of the leadership team to lead the accelerated recovery of the Cemetery.
In our view, the core driver of growth in the Penthouses since 2015 is the high-end wine cellar, 1573, which grew mainly in three ways:
1) Pow price increases open up high-end wine ceilings, lower actual bottle openings in the pows to move some of the demand to the five grain fluids and state cellars; 2) Qutai model helps companies to bind channels and terminal depths, beat them,
3) During the current round of high-end alcohol growth, reform of the five grain channels has been relatively slow, with 2.1 industries: Pow price dividends opening space for the five grain cellars, pow price keeping up and market space opening for the five grain cellars.
From about $800 in 2016 to about $2,800 in 2020, the white wine price and ceiling were opened, opening the price ceiling for the bottom five grain fluids and the state cellar, thus opening the price belt for the sub-high white wine, opening the puddle and providing an increase in demand for the five-food fluid cellar.
Since 2016, we believe that the real opening rate has declined significantly: of the 23,000 tons sold in 2016, the opening rate is expected to reach about 20,000 tons (about 80% of the opening rate), and the remaining amount is estimated to be about 20,000 tons.
The remainder of the demand was based on gifts, based on grass-roots research and interviews, and by 2019, the opening bottle was expected to drop to about 15,000 tons of the low-gate volume (about 40 per cent of the opening rate and about 30 per cent of the opening volume in 2016), of which about 10,000 tons were just being cut from the core. The decline in the opening volume was due to two factors:
1) The increase in the supply of mahogany to a large extent has been allocated to the new mahogany ' s financial attributes (including the demand for the predominantly yellow cow and the need for a personal collection of collections); 2) the high level of mahogany makes it possible for some of the middle-income consumers (non-maturity, caterers) to choose the value of sex.
Higher 1,000-dollar-priced products (including five grain fluids, state cellars, and super-high-end products of real estate wine, etc.), natural expansion of high-end alcohol demand based on rising consumption, and a rise in the demand for low-cost wine for the five-food fluid cellars, some 410,000 tons a year, up to about 510,000 tons in 2019, of which five grain fluids grew from 16,000 tons to 27,000.
Tons, an increase of 68 per cent, the cellars, which grew from about 0.5 million tons to about 0.9 million tons, an increase of 80 per cent, a major win over high-end liquor, and increased volume, the central reason being the decline in the opening of the poo-top bottle, which moved part of the high-end alcohol demand to the five grains. 2.2 Beat: the leading Kutai model helps the cellar to keep up with the five grains.
2.2.1 How the Kuthai model works is in line with the rapid development of the white wine industry. In 2010, the company introduced the Kotsu model, which is dominated by manufacturers and distributors alike.
Distributors. The channel level of the Fountain model was at least four floors, which coincided with the ten-year high-speed development of the White Wine, and the profit of the channel in a context where the white wine scene was moving upwards and wholesale prices were rising, so that the multi-tier channel was driving the distribution of the presses from the top down into a straight cycle, with a substantial increase in the income from the manufacturer’s sales. But when the industry scenes,
In times of decline and loss of profit from the pipeline, the downside of the mode of distribution of the total-forward pressure is more pronounced, the profit and turnover of the pipeline are down, and the incentives of the pipeline are down. The terminal flattening has been transformed into a Tsuo-Thai model.
The Division established subsidiaries throughout the country. In October 2014, in Chengdu, the company set up the Kutai Company, which operates the Chengtao market for the country ' s guests. The company is chaired by the manager of the Sichuan District of the former Cemetery in Chenzhou. It has developed new channels such as a tobacco hotel, supermarkets, chains, restaurants, clubs, group buying. The essence of the Kuthai model is to flatten channels, distributors and finals.
Kutai re-opens the capital market in a straight-forward fashion, and abandons the proxy model under the former Quantico Spring model. The channel is flattened, direct-control terminals. Kutate's downstream connection includes both distributors or end-users, and in the case of distributors it is also required to control the terminal directly, abandoning two groups of traders.
The company directly controls more than 3,000 terminal shops, 300 group buyers, and 100 core distributors in the Chengdu area.
Channel 1: The country’s customers are engaged in direct-control terminal market inputs. The country’s customers started to hire large-scale businesses in 2016, and companies began to attract large-scale terminals to the flag on the basis of cost inputs, sending operators to the market; in 2017, they launched a direct-control end-of-end strategy, continuing to flatten large-scale businesses and developing many of the terminals directly under their control.
The number of sites reached is over 4,000, with direct terminals and direct consumers, of which the state cellar terminals set up end vip clubs, and the state cellar consumers set up a “state cellar club” bound to end depth through two clubs.
2-sales model: the country’s customers bind the terminal by returning the profit. The difference between the five grains is sold on a favourable basis, the price of the plant, the price of the batch, the price of the group is increased upwards and the price of the group purchase is more flexible. The cellar is at least equal to the price of the terminal, and the terminal is profited by returning the profit.
In the short term, if there is a lack of thrust in the pipeline, the profit will be higher to attract the end-owner to the cellar, while the five-food fluids will be relatively weak in their adjustment capacity. Figure 21 compares the Fountain 21 model with the Fountain model.
Quota model, Quantico Spring model, distribution of equity: solidarity with powerful regional distributors, interest binding, resource tilting efficiency gains.
Outsourcing of costs: sales personnel and related costs are borne by a direct firm formed by the distributor, which does not account for the cost of listed companies. 2.2.2 The Couture model has been successful in all cases.
The Kutai model solves the problem of underfunding of distributors, and the lack of distribution capacity of distributors; on the other hand, the profits of the channels under the Kutai model are stable and the final profits are better than the competition. In late 2015, Kutai directly controlled more than 3,000 terminal stores in Chengdu district, compared to the previous year.
In 2014, there were more than 300 group buyers (500% more than the same year) and nearly 100 core dealers. According to public figures, the country’s 1573 Chengdu area sold about $200 million in 2015.
All of them fought, and determinedly implemented the end-direction and de-distribution process, which doubled the size of the cellar. According to research from sources, in 2017, the market for the 1573nd capital market was sold close to 1 billion yuan; in 2019, over 2.2.3 billion yuan was raised around the core consumer, and the cellar was created.
The importance of consumer upbringing is highlighted, and the state cellar is being created. We believe that during the development of the white wine industry this round has seen a growing emphasis on consumer power, so the wine industry has been built from traditional focus channels to a gradual shift towards core consumer development, with a shift in the direction of resource investment.
The single terminal was upgraded to a national strategic platform, the “state guest” , which officially raised multiple wholesale, multi-storey, downline customers to corporate-level cooperative terminal customers, with Chengdu Kutai directly co-operating and servicing. The main advantage of the cellar is now two: first, the manufacturer’s control and price plate are more stable, and the interests of the distributors are protected.
The rapid growth of the country’s tourists is closely linked to consumer development. We believe that the speed of the country’s customers has increased over the past five years.
Growth is inextricably linked to consumer development, including: 1) the education of dozens of cities and tens of thousands of consumers; 2) the community of “country guests” is bound by the seven-star feast as more landing forms and fine-tuned membership; 3) the state cellars open channels, interact with consumers’ closer brands and cultural occupation.
Deep market operations are further enhanced by the possibility of importing syndicates into traditional channels (development of a certain number of distributors with group purchasing resources, conduits, private enterprise buyers), which helps to compete with the size of the country's core consumers by 2.3: the relative slowness of the five-food fluid reform gives the cellar an opportunity.
In late 2017, at the 1218th Congress, the "second start" was first proposed, with the intention of direct control of the terminal through the 100-million-city shop, but the reforms were relatively slow, and the pre-existing business-based model resulted in a significantly less flexible way of running channels than the country's customers, and insufficient capacity to measure the value of the relationship, leading to 2016.
The price increase is much lower than the price increase, the relatively small profit margin, the continued branding of the cellar, and the operating environment, and the country’s customers are following it steadily.
The cellars are different from the five-food fluids in the channel profit model, which is the first brand with a thousand-dollar price, and the channel is competitive: the price of the plant, the price of the batch, the price of the terminal, the profit of the link, the cash profit, and the old cellars in the Xiangzhou, which bind the terminal through the return model and the way out.
There is a regular inverse between prices and batches, with control board splits through back-end home from the manufacturer to achieve long-term profit margins for distributors above the competitive five-food fluids, with price adjustment initiatives in the cellars under this model, and with more push in the context of deep binding of parts of the region with distributors.
iii. Focus on the power of the cellar growth, Henan will be on the rise. Industry 3.1: High-end alcohol price space is unquestionable. We believe that, in the medium-term development of the three-year cycle, the lower end and above are white (high end, sub-high end)
The alcohol magnification rate will lead the white wine industry with a high spatial certainty of volume, mainly due to China's economic development belt, which is driving the consumption of white wine to an increasing level, with a marked structural upgrading of products above the sub-high end observed; and the low-end price dividend, which will continue in the visible future, and will drive higher-end alcohol certainty expansion.
3.1.1 China’s economic development contributes to the upward shift in the structure of white wine consumption in the medium-to-long term. Looking ahead, rising consumption of wine in the medium-to-long term has benefited from China’s sustained growth in disposable income and from inflation driven by growth in cpi.
For example, the main consumer price of Jiangsu market rose from 300 to 600 yuan in the past; the main consumer price of Anhui market rose from 200 to 500 yuan in the past, and consumption rose.
The structure of the products at the lower end and above has been continuously upgraded. After the three-public consumption policy was introduced in 2012, the white wine industry entered a period of deep adjustment, during which the structure of white wine consumption was fully adjusted to allow it to start a new round of growth from the top down. Since 2016, the front-run price has opened up an uphill route, driving up and down the five grains.
The state cellar prices go up, opening up the sub-high-end white market space, and the sub-high-end local taps go fast, and the upward trend in the consumption of white wine in chart 26 is expected to continue at 3.1.2 pow price dividends for the visible future.
High-end white wine capacity space: Prices: Pow price up in the medium term, price increases ahead of cpi Qualitatively, based on our analysis of supply and demand above, we think that pow price is needed
In the run-up to the prices, there is a positive cycle, that the rising prices of the batches are increasing the financial attributes of the huts, and we observe that the movement of the huts continues to increase the tension between supply and demand (the increase in non-target products reduces the supply of the standard white bottles, the supply of the bottle, the demand for the direct camp is still dominated by the yellow cows), so we judge that the price of the submissives remains high in the medium term.
Looking back at history, the consumer uplifting dividend helped high-end alcohol prices increase significantly and won cpi. In 2001-2019, high-end wines flew 53 degrees, 52 degrees of classic five-food fluids, and 52-degree guest prices increased by 8.6%, respectively.
7.3%, 6.0%, with a significant 2.3% increase in China ' s cpi over the same period, and a significant increase in consumption uplifting dividends.
The price of the plant, the five grain fluids below, the approximate rate of the cellar, or the use of small amounts, unplanned increases, etc. to achieve this increase: the increase in demand for high-end bottle openings or still mainly the increase in demand for high-end bottle openings and the increase in demand for high-end bottle openings or the separation of the bulk of the five-food fluids from the cellar.
We expect high-end sales of white wine to continue to grow steadily, driven by a concentration effect on the head. In this case, the sales are dependent on the release pace of the hut supply, which we judge to be relatively stable in actual bottle openings, with no significant increase in probability, and the demand side of the supply is dominated by the accumulation of collections and financial attributes.
So the actual demand for high-end white wine will be largely divided by the five grain fluids and the state cellars. So we expect that the actual demand for high-end white wine will increase at a compound rate or at a rate of 5% over the next three years (i.e., the demand for open bottles + five grain fluids + 1573 in the national cellar) and then estimate the supply to the hut for the next three years, corresponding to 498 tons in 2022 in 2018.
On the basis of this survey, we estimate a combined increase of about 6% in sales in the top five countries over the next three years, a combination of volume and price increases over the next three years, and we expect a cumulative increase in the size of the high-end white wine market over the next three years.
3.1.3 high-end and above white wines will continue to lead the industry to see the growth of the sub-higher and higher-end double-digit numbers.
120 billion yuan, 60 billion yuan, annual compound increase of about 25% and 37%, respectively, over the same period, mid-end, low-end white wine, annual compound increase in market capacity at about -2% and -7%, and the effect of market concentration on head concentration is evident. We expect that the trend of head concentration and rising consumption in the industry will continue, and high-end white wine will be realized during steady price increases on core items.
The price is up, and the second-end white wine can rise at a lower base as the product structure of the head is upgraded and released. We expect high-end white wine to reach about 180 billion by 2022.
The company has developed a product system of "two brands, three lines, and five monoliths." In 2020, the company continued its two-brand strategy of "the state cellars + the state cellars" by focusing on the big single cellars of 1573, with high-end liquor, using the specials down to open the sub-high liquor market, and by building up its “legged” power, which led to the fast and steady achievement of the two billion goal.
3.2.1 The cellar's branding is the core, and the cellar's focus on branding is the core. We believe brand power is one of the most important factors for long-term sustainable development in high-end alcohol, but the long-term, short-term quantitative effect of branding power is difficult to demonstrate and must be complemented by alcohol.
In the case of Henan, the number of distributors and single-store growth has been largely non-existent in recent years, the overall stagnation, the inability of distributors to expand significantly, and the price war that will harm them, will eventually turn into a “tonne-price” increase that will contribute to the statement.
In the past few years, the cellars have followed the five grains to a price-fixing strategy, which lags behind the five. Since the 2020 epidemic, companies have identified the core lines of price at the shareholders’ congress: yes, yes.
In response to market trends, the cellar kept up the price increase 1573; the second was to adjust the strategy, selling the prices at the right price and moving ahead at the right time. Watching the company’s actions, since July 2020, the company “combined fists” were stopped, price increases were raised, six successive “notifications” were issued, the group’s purchase price “red line” was set at $980, and it was explicitly proposed to raise the price of channel traffic to more than $1,000 this year.
Successive stop-and-go price increases are mutually reinforcing, helping to raise the flow of the cellar’s 1573 throughout the chain. At the same time, rising prices of the huts and the five grains also create a favourable market climate for the cellar’s 1573 price rises.
Chart 32 shows a small upturn in the cellar of 1573 in 2020. Low cellars, mainly in the north, are being replaced. Low cellars now account for about 30% of the total, mainly for the North market, especially in Shandong, where the country's customers are highly vulnerable, Hebei market, and low-lying country guests enter the market.
At present, Shandong and Hebei are still dominated by low-lying cellars, at a price of about $550-600, which are actually at the lower end of the price belt. In strategic terms, disadvantaged areas of the future cellar will continue to be dominated by low-lying cellar differences, some regions.
The high-level replacement of low-lying customers is evident, mainly in Hebei and Shandong, and the low-level share of low-volume dealers is falling, with the result of the build-up of the reaction state brand. Volume: about 8,500 tons sold in 2019, a small increase in the volume of deliveries affected by the epidemic is expected in 2020, based on the fact that
On the assumption that the combined rate of increase in sales in 2020-2022 would be about 5 per cent, we estimate the price of sales in 2021 and 2022 respectively: 790 dollars in 2019, 850 dollars in 2020, an increase of 7.6 per cent.
The price changes compare the price changes; in 2021 they are expected to rise to $890, an increase of 4.7 per cent. (A return at the end of October is based on 890, counting 2021 fiscal years.) The medium- and long-term follow the five grain fluids and the medium and long-term follow the pressure.
The bulk price is the only single item with a price of over $2,500 and a price of over $2,000; there is a competition between five grains and five grains below, and the cellar is closely following the five, with a price difference of about $100 between the batch and the terminal, and it is expected that the short- and medium-term five and the cellar will continue to follow the competitive trend; and the outlook is medium- and long-term, based on three years in Mao.
Prospectively higher prices are expected to be 3,000 yuan, retail prices or $3,500 to 4,000 yuan, sufficient space for the cellars below, full capacity as a brand of wine, up to $1,200 to $1,500 in bulk, difficulty or increasing in the cellars, with a central focus on the cellars.
3.2.2 The older one is one of China's four most famous wines, with a strong brand and a high level of awareness, but has been affected by the influence of the "Wanted to Warfare" and damaged brand power, but has benefited from the company's increased strategic resource tilting and the addition of two products.
Card synergizes, trajectories base, and special brands have a prerequisite for recovery. For non-drinking liquor companies and products, a single price increase is based on the complete digestion of the old stock, i.e., the channel “news in order to move the old price” and the total digestion of the old stock, which means that the company’s product delivery performance will be impaired in the short and medium term, requiring the firm’s full commitment.
The opportunity of high-end alcohol recovery, sub-high-end alcohol expansion, re-opening the process of making a special offer, the company raised the price of the special old word to $218 in 2017, the special old word controlled for nearly a year, the continued suspension of the cargo from May 2019 to Mid-Autumn, the deep clearance of the pipeline, the virtual stagnation of the liquor factory's delivery, and the reaction of the cellar to a full decision on the recovery of the special.
Channels have been fully adjusted to maintain a sub-high-end entry-price belt. Through the sinking of channels in recent years, steady price increases have been made in order to fully digest the old stock in the context of the shutdown, with the price of the old specials rising from 178 to 225, with an increase of about 30%, the end pattern is fragmented, there is no nationalized monolith, the special works in the unique product process, the deep brand base, the back of the old clientele.
With the advantage of the nationalization channel layout, there is the potential to become a 200-300-thousand-high-end entry price with a nationalized monolith, with further upward impact on the sub-high end. The recovery of the classic gin remains to be seen, and the consumption climate is becoming more conducive to the development of channels and stockpiles.
In 2019, the company achieved the basic digestion of the old channel stock; in 2020, affected by the epidemic, the ten-deutches were slightly slowed down in delivery, but as the company built up its brand image of the cellar, it led to the consumption of the ten-dime specials in some parts of the country.
In September, the Special Rapporteur completed his year-round mission, with sales coming back more than 2 billion dollars, and basically flattened the 2019 sales pattern. Follow-up attention is being given to the possibility of regional or even national patterns of consumption.
The long-term recovery of the 34 high-end features is still to be seen. Since 2019, with the completion of the 10-decree replacements and deep pipelines to the stock, the old one has been ready for a thick and thin hair, and since August 2020, with the nation's 60th.
According to the feedback received, market performance in the run-up to the mid-autumn season increased significantly over the same period last year, with consumers paying more than $300 and having finished a year-long marketing plan.
Figure 35 Treble Marketing Strategy Collapse, Focus Group, 3.2.3 Special Track 60, with steady roll-out, top-of-the-roll 60, regional singles fast-disburst.
The 60th edition of the song (the old series) was sold only in band buying channels, limited quotas, and the 400-bit high-end belt, mainly in Sichuan province, was sold against the sword in Nanchun. The 60th edition of the special was sold annually in 2014-2018, with an increase of 50%, with about 750 million yuan in 2018, an increase of about 50% in the same year, and sales in 2019.
As consumption rose, some of the southern spring consumers upgraded to the 60th edition of the special, still dominated by regional sales, at a minimum of $438 for the current batch, at a cost of no less than $468 for terminal execution, and the 60th edition of the special in 2020 continued to grow in reverse.
Hold the line and hold the sub-high core price belt. Since it was marketed in 2014, the 60th edition of the special is operating on the basis of an independent nostalgia marketing company, which has been operating on the same line, not selling online, and strictly controlling prices. In 2018, the 60th edition of the special, which opened up the nationalization operation, will continue to dig deep into the Kawasaka “basket” market.
As a priority, in 2019, the old company upgraded the grouping model to include the city partners and the city union, bringing together the best, the worst, and the best of the best. We expect the company to adhere to the group acquisition development model and to add a series of controls to the price, with a target of $500 in 2021 to make the 60th edition of the special.
Price-coated pole products, 2 billion large regional monoliths. In the medium and long term, subject to the regional monolithic characteristics of the 60th edition of the specials, there is no nationalization, the scale of sales or the existence of ceilings. 3.2.4 Marketing is highly efficient and accurate, focusing on raising brand thrust.
Increased marketing input and investment efficiency. To raise brand awareness, companies have invested a lot of resources in marketing in recent years, particularly in advertising and branding, which increased from $430 million in 2015 to $3.31 billion in 2019, and sales costs are significantly higher than those of colleagues.
The old cellar brand value continues to rise, looking forward to a fundamental shift from a “cost pull” to a “brand thrust.” The advertising and promotional costs of the old cellars are rising rapidly in Figure 37 and the cost of marketing in Chart 38 is on the forefront of the industry.
In recent years, companies have been active in promoting dual branding, following consumption trends, capturing consumption trends, and marketing events to provide the basis for brand value addition and sustainable development. The Chinese Cooking Association, which unites the old Santao in Chenzhou, has been working on a nationwide “sweetly Chinese smell.”
China's excellent food basket, which promotes the Chinese drinking culture of white wine and Chinese food culture, influences the Chinese festival of the world. Five areas of the Chinese prize for distinguished Chinese delegates were awarded: the Chinese prize for influencing the world's Chinese.
I'm thinking, "The White Wine party, the White Wine party, the White Wine party, the Big Cultural Show of 1573, "China in Story" , and I'm working with you to tell Chinese stories, spread Chinese culture and promote the Chinese spirit.
As a global partner of the Australasia network, the Australasia cellar, 1573 State cellar, continues to travel to Melbourne for the year 2020.
In particular, the Australasia Network launched 1573 pre-arranged cocktails, Panda1573 and Australasia blue cocktails to make "drink and ball" a life standard.
Innovatively launched the "Mankind Cloud Conservancy" campaign, which allows a wide range of alcoholics and consumers to feel the "Spring Brush" and "Stamp" online, experience the unique charm of Chinese traditional wine culture.
The mission is to conduct an on-the-ground recognition session to provide consumers with an excellent experience with professional processes that will support the development of the cellars by expanding their production to prepare them for long-term supply, with a capacity of about 16,000 tons, which will support their development in the medium term.
Over a hundred years, there are more than 1,619 cellars, corresponding to about 3,000 tons of national cellar capacity. According to public information, the cellars have over 30 years of existence, 10086 cellars, usually the longer they are, the higher the rate of quality drinking, the more we comb the industrial capacity of the company’s country, and the company’s current domestic capacity is about 16,000 tons.
Total tank capacity = size of cellar tank (m3) * 1 cubic metre of input food (tonne)* high-quality wine * 4 (four wheels produced in one year)* number of cellars * Number of pits: According to public information, each cellar in Xiangzhou is divided into 12 arrays, each of which is stored
(c) Quality alcohol production rate: 8 30-year-old cellars in Chenzhou were produced for six consecutive years based on publicly available information.
(b) Number of cellars: 8,467 less than 30 years and less than 100 years;
According to the company's annual report, “1573 beverages are produced only in a cellar for more than 100 years and 1573 beverages \triangleright can only produce 3,000 tons”, it is assumed that each old cellar tank is 30 cubic metres large and 1 cubic metre is fed.
In 2016, the company planned the construction of a brewery improvement project, with a total investment of about $7.4 billion, and planned more than 3,200 acres of land in the city of Huang Xingzhou. The project was implemented in two phases.
The official start in July 2016, with a projected completion date of December 2020, will result in the production capacity of 35,000 tons of high-quality bikinis, as well as the storage capacity of 100,000 tons of wine storage, and a low rate of quality wine in the initial construction of the new cellar pool, which will still require some time to become familiar with it; phase two is expected to be completed in December 2025, with all of which will result in an annual production.
Quality white wine 100,000 tons, curry medicine 100,000 tons, and storage capacity 300,000 tons.
Brands have a different channel model and distributioner profit model with different five-food fluids with a pure-consumption model with higher prices for the plant, a batch, group purchase, and a surplus profit between the end price and the spot price. The cash profit is a surplus profit.
In addition to this, there is a return model, under which distributors need to get a return profit in order to earn additional profits, with price adjustment initiatives in the country, leading the terminal masters to 1573, gain a competitive edge in the pipeline, and maintain a relatively strong branding of the cellar channel.
Channel-reduced purchases, new liquor deals and digital wine certificate platforms, which optimized the immediate supply-demand relationship, led to the introduction of the P5 batch from about $900 at the beginning of the year to over $960, the increase in profit margins from 1 per cent to about 8 per cent, and the smooth return, although lower than P5 since mid-2020, of the system of profits in the cellar under the distributioner model.
A more stable and factory-led distribution model eased sales pressure on distributors, and Kutae’s lower cellar 1573 terminals with a profit margin of about 10% + fuzzy return (final transaction price of about $900, bulk price of $850, terminal profit rate of about 5%, and a fixed 5% bonus in the old Thai cellar, and partial fuzzy return at the end of the year), with a profit margin of about 10% + fuzzy return (end transaction price of about $900, bulk price of about 5%) and a profit margin of about 5% in the long-situated Thai cellar and a flat return at the end of the year.
Five, the end pulls more heavily. The control points are the method, and the motivation of the end is the essence. The essence of the Kutai model is the control points, the state canals, the profits are less than the five grains, the company chooses to make the control points for the end, and the profits are put to the end.
At the heart of the problem is that the end is the first battle to reach consumers, and by raising the end profit margin, it is driving the end motivation, creating a virtuous circle of terminal-led distributors, distributors, and manufacturers.
3.4.1 The Southwest base camp is solid, China’s Northwest core market is strong, China’s Southwest market, China’s North and China’s East markets are already core markets. The Sichuan base market is located on the Southwest, China’s North and China’s North are core markets, and other regions such as China’s East and South China are less competitive.
Weakness, characterized by regional strength, the scale of the nationalized high-end liquor remains significantly worse than the five billion grains, with the Southwest market accounting for about 30-40% of the annual revenues, including more than 2 billion as the capital city of Sichuan Province. In 2017 and 2018, the Chinese and Chinese northern markets grew rapidly, accounting for more than 50% of the total income, and the Chinese and Chinese northern Chinese markets are already home to more than 50% of the total.
Chart 43 of the old cellars has seen a double-digit increase in income in each region over the years, or an increase in the price of their contribution, mainly in the lower cellars. The Hebei market has been replicated since 2019.
The model, the introduction of the control board, and the results have been remarkable, for example, by 2020 or by a multiplier. 3.4.2 The China-China war was full, concentrated on taking down the south river market with sufficient capacity, and the cellars had a brand base.
Henan, as a population province, has nearly 40 billion whites, of which the high-end wine market has more than 10 billion, but the market as a whole is not saturated and fragmented. Henan has no representative real estate brand, and consumers are more receptive to future brands.
At the peak of the Sanctuary, 500 million have a historical basis. Historically, the Sanctuary sold at the peak of the Henan Market, more than 500 million, had a historical basis. From 2017 to 2019, it grew slightly from 300 million, compared to 300 million.
There is a marked difference in the size of the market of about 4 billion yuan (P5+1618 out of which 1618 is about 25%). Henan's 5 billion, which is about 10 times the size of the cellar. According to our situation in Henan, Henan's white market is about 40 billion yuan, in 2019 it was about 10 billion yuan at the duo and 4 billion yuan at the duo.
The cellar has a capacity to grow under a low base through consumption absorption and osmosis.
At the beginning of May 2020, the cellar company officially launched a “war zone system” in Henan market, announcing the division of Henan into a protégé.
Four battle zones, west, north and south, each in the south-west, north-west, north-west, north-east, south-central.