\triangleright steady price increases and cost improvements: 1h23 add 2.53 million kilowatts of lighters to benefit from the buildup \triangleright
With long stacks combined with the low base effect of electricity for the same period of year, the company completed a total of 97,865 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity gridd on fire, corresponding to 1.7 per cent, and we measured an average q2 connection price of about 0.523 kWh, which is almost the same as the same period of the previous year.
This is an increase of $1,035 million, an increase of 2.7%, which is less than the rate of income growth. The revenue end price increases are steady, and the company’s profits are expected to increase even further, considering the former coal prices.
The net return on investment from the participation in the coal mine was 2,284 million yuan, a reduction of 1.811 billion yuan, an increase of 222 million yuan over the same period.
Investment proposals: lower coal prices and continued improvement in corporate performance on fire panels; declining performance in equity coal mines, and sustained release of high-speed development gains from electricity generation, with returns on investment remaining firm profit security. Maintenance of 1.F.I. (600027.sh)/F.I.E.E.U.
The first report (1071.hk) covers: Nezhmorgeology, with a price of \triangleright 3) competition in the electricity market to reduce the price of electricity on the Internet; and (4) supply restructuring to suppress the power of the machine.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.