The dredging industry maintained a high profile and pump valves continued to outperform expectations Incident: The company issued a performance forecast for 2018, expected to achieve a net return profit throughout the year, a four-quarter decline in performance, mainly due to impairment of goodwill, etc.: the company achieved returns throughout the year
Sexual gains and losses affected 98-110 billion, mainly the exchange gains from the appreciation of the dollar against the renminbi. The dredging industry remained high, and pump valves continued to outperform expectations: in 2018, the number of excavators sold and the following pump valves were fully equipped with mainstream domestic mainframes, including the customers of Trinity, Xuhu, and Willow.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Host plants, such as workers, labourers and others, with a steady increase in product sales and market share in 2018; and total public market value/flow (millions)
The Division’s large-digger pump valve, which rapidly entered the domestic production mainstream in 2018, with a 12-month maximum/minimum plant support system, is now in a fast-discharge period. In addition to the pump valves used in the excavator, the company is high.
The production of pump valves, such as empty operating vehicles, concrete pumps, dredging drills, and directional drills, has been measured. The three-quarterly performance of the rhesus hydraulic pressure (601,100) is expected to continue to grow at a high rate over the next two to three years.
Lei, a continuing high-profile beneficiary sector. Oil tank operations have risen rapidly and are expected to continue with growth potential: benefiting from strong growth in demand in the industrial market across the country and abroad, and significant increases in the capacity utilization of the company's mature product tanks.
We expect that in 2019, the excavator industry will be generally flat, and that the excavator tank will rise to the top of the country’s product plate.
Stereo hydraulic pressure (601,100) " There is still a potential for growth in the performance of the quarterly reports, and there is also a greater incentive for growth in non-scaling tanks, such as lifts " .
The excavator industry maintains a high profile, and pump valves continue to outperform expectations. Industry research is good at industrial chain research, especially on industrial automation-related plates.
In June 2017, Pacific securities were brought together to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals. He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.