We've been looking at our headquarters and production base in Changzhou last week, the main positive factor.
These include: (i) excellent product quality that allows for sustained market share from a salaried competitor; (ii) sustained readiness to promote the sale of hydraulic pump valves, which is now dominated by foreign public authorities, and import substitution will be the main engine of growth for companies in the coming years; and (iii) sufficient orders,
Heungji currently uses 100% of the capacity and operates 24 hours a day (the monthly production plan amounts to 45,000 units).
The line has been extended to hydraulic components, precision casts, aerodynamic components, and hydraulic systems. The company ' s excavator hydraulic tanks (the main product of constant production) now account for about 40% of the market share in the country. The Wang family is a controlling shareholder and holds about 71% of the stock.
Hen-sung has become a major supplier to his clients. Hen-sung has spent more than a decade building up good performance and has become the main hydraulic tank supplier at the front-line excavator mainframe, including Tri-O (600031ch, not rated), Caterpillar (catus, not rated) and Xu (000425/ch, not rated)
So, for example, Henji has provided >50% of the hydraulic tanks that Caterpillar needs. In the course of our research, we noticed that heterometric production lines with highly automated robotics and equipment, and that the market share continues to grow. In general, excavators are equipped with four hydraulic tanks and a group of pump valves on average.
In 2018, Chinese excavators sold 203,000 units, corresponding to the demand for some 812,000 hydraulic tanks.
(7242jp, not rated). Because of the high performance and quality of the constant hydraulic tank products, the price is higher than that of the competitor.
Pump valves are the next engine of growth. Standing up is increasing the production capacity of the pump valves. Since the average price of the pump valves is several times higher than the fluids, we believe that there will be room in the next few years to raise their pump valve revenues to levels comparable to those of the hydraulic tank. The constant pump valves are now priced about 15% lower than the competitors to obtain more.
Some of the current clients have now started buying pump valves from the constant. The capital investment has led to the growth of unmarked heavy equipment-specific tanks. The non-target heavy equipment tanks are used mainly for shield machines.
Risk factors: (1) slower demand for excavators; (2) increased cost of spare parts.