The company issued a performance forecast for 2018, bringing the net profit back to the mother to $82-880 million a year, a year-on-year increase.
▪ The company’s performance has increased year-round and meets expectations. In 2018, the performance forecast for year-round non-net profits, of which the non-net profit of $1-15 million was realized in four quarters, with a growth range of 0-50% over the same period.
At the top, the statistics of the Engineering and Mechanical Industries Association of China show that the total number of excavators sold in 2018 amounted to 20.34 million, a 45 per cent increase over the same year. The company's well-established carver tank city is expected to continue with the engineering and machinery industry, and we expect the company's gas tank to continue in 2019.
Pump valves produce a large increase in performance, and the center-divide pump valves become the main growth point. Small dig-pump valves produced by hydraulic technology companies -- middle-dug-pump valves -- are rolled out, and the income from pump valves is expected to increase significantly.
In the next two years, we have decided that the volume of excavator sales is expected to be high, and that the product of the tank will fluctuate with the market, but that the non-pollution tank will not.
The high number of applications, the diversity of demand, the high resistance to cyclical fluctuations, especially in such industries as cranes and offshore wind power, all have high-quality customer expansion potential, and the unmarked market is promising, using market prices as a standard on 30 January 2019.
With the expansion of production lines, it is hoped that import substitution will accelerate, and that the successful path of oil tank products will be replicated. The sales of downstream dredgers will decline dramatically, and the market for large pump valves will not be as widespread as expected.
The company fully benefits from the industry, and the new product has grown significantly. We maintain the Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc., which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Yang Shaohui.yang@boccichina.com