The engineering and machinery industry is expected to continue with the expected build-up phase.
The Division’s main product, the Digger oil tanks and pump valves, are currently well-stocked, promising to remain fully productive, confirming that the downstream landscape is still high. Looking ahead, the growth in corporate revenue is worth a lot more than the major underlying logic of the year’s overperformance.
The company’s main products include excavators and pump valves, and the full benefit of sales of the downstream excavators. According to engineering machinery, there has been a strong recovery.
The Association's statistics show that sales of domestic excavators reached 20.34 million in 2018, a 45 per cent increase over the previous year, far from the record sales of 1,784,000 in 2011, the highest year in history. We estimate that the total sales of company excavators in 2018 were about 480,000 and the city's share rose to about 60 per cent.
The output was accompanied by a doubling of the growth in capacity, with the company’s expected market share of small-scale pump valve products saturated in the oil tank plus pump valve products, and a continuation of the demonstration of downstream engineering machinery. Considering the distribution of excavators in January and the distribution of the city’s share, we estimate that the company’s January sales of excavator tanks are expected to reach a high level.
The company's fuel tank delivery cycle is 45-60 days, which leads to a supply-side response. The downstream mainframe plant remains optimistic about sales in the months of March-April, confirming that the downstream view is continuing. Cost control is high, and net interest rates are expected to rise rapidly.
At the same time as income increases, profits will increase at a much higher rate, with profit levels rising or becoming one of the performance growth points. Corporate cost control capacity highlights that Māori rates and net interest rates are expected to rise, mainly because of the scale effect of 1:1 and the continuous release of pump valve production, which is expected to double the income growth.
Work began on restructuring the product to increase the price of some of the products, raising the Māori rate to about 35%; 3) process improvements to improve output efficiency by adjusting the production line equipment (including a small increase in some of the equipment) to achieve process improvement and increase capacity. We expect company pumps in 2019.
The pace of capital investment slowed down and the volume of excavator sales dropped considerably. In response to company forecasts and the latest changes in industry fundamentals, we raised the net profit of Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd. in 18/19/20.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, Yang Shaohui* shaohui.yang@bocicchina.com