The company's performance has continued to outperform expectations since 2018, depending on how business has expanded beyond the industry cycle, and we believe that there are several main reasons for this: (1) the downstream engineering and machinery industry continued to outperform expectations of 203,000 excavators in 2018.
Over the same year + 45%, the company, as the leader of a domestic hydraulic tank, has maintained its market share at about 50% left right: as the company's products become more competitive, we expect the company to increase its sales of tanks throughout the year 2018 (2) Small dig valve pumps have been supplied in bulk, market occupancy has steadily increased, and products are sold and sold
(3) The continued high demand downstream has led to an oversupply of hydraulic materials, a significant increase in the capacity of companies to produce and a significant increase in profitability under the scale effect, with a combined Māori ratio of 35.9 per cent for q1-q3 and +4.5 pt; and a net interest rate of 22.8 per cent and +9.2 pt for the same period.
The growth rate of the 4 season has declined, and industry leaders are expected to smooth the impact of downstream demand fluctuations. According to our calculations, the net profit of q4 in 2018 was approximately 1-16 billion, which, if measured in median terms, is 24 per cent higher than in the same period in 2017 and slightly lower than in the previous three quarters.
According to grass-roots research, the volume of excavators may have been at the same level as in 2018, but small digs will benefit from a growing shortage of rural labour. Moreover, the recent relaxation of national policies has led to a marked acceleration in the approval of infrastructure projects, which are represented by transport infrastructure, such as transhipment.
Capital investment is expected to rebound; capital additions and tightening environmental verification will prompt the need for the upgrading of engineering machinery to be released in advance, and industry sales will be more robust. We believe that companies, as domestic hydraulic taps, are competitive in their products, and are expected to smooth the effects of downstream demand fluctuations by increasing market access.
▪ Continuing high R & D investment to build deep protected rivers, and business + customer expansion to break through the industry cycle. q1-q3 R & D investment is about 125 million, or 4% of the total revenue; from historical high R & D investment to build deep protected rivers for companies, making their non-flood tank operations and pump valve industries
So far, the main pump valves of the Recavator under 15 tons of constant hydraulic pressure have been supplied in large quantities to large domestic brands such as Trinity, Willow, Xu, RSP, etc.; new products in 2018, the second generation of small dig pump valves, have also been used in large numbers in 9t and below; the medium and large pump valves are available for release.
The supply systems of mainstream domestic and foreign companies: the non-targeting of high-altitude operating vehicles, cement pumps, dredging drills, etc. The market for pump valves is also moving rapidly, starting to yield.
Breaking the industry cycle and enjoying high performance elasticity. 1, Stereo hydraulic pressure (601,100): 3 seasons of continued overperformance and high profitability
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the international champion emerged from 2018-08-23 when we looked at the import substitution for imports of corporate hydraulic valves over the medium to long term.
Overperformance! The pump valve business is well under way and Dong Wu Securities Inc. has a portfolio advisory committee with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.