The increase in performance is in line with expectations. Hydraulic taps continue to function, constant hydraulic pressure (601,100) events are rated, constant hydraulic pressure.
Sunyang issued a performance forecast for 2018, which foresees net profits to shareholders in listed companies as a result of the appreciation of the United States dollar against the renminbi and an increase in the company ' s exchange rate earnings.
1. The strong growth in demand in downstream industries and the significant growth in revenue from major businesses benefited from a strong growth in demand in the market for the downstream industries as a whole, both domestic and foreign, with a significant increase in the utilization of mature tank capacity and a significant increase in both sales and sales, and companies since 2013
Since then, research and development of pump valves and hydraulic systems has been ongoing, with an early success this year, with a city-to-city ratio 2. The fuel tank is a mature and superior product of the company, and is expected to produce a significant increase in the non-scaling tank over 19 years.
At 49 per cent, in 2018, the volume of excavators exceeded 200,000, and continued to grow strongly on the high industry base in 2017, at a 43 per cent increase, with a sharp increase in sales of company-specific deep-benefit excavators and a 38.8 per cent Māori rate for company excavators, bringing stable returns to the company.
In 2019, the current city share will continue. In addition, the demand for non-flagged tanks in the cranes, shields, and marine industries has continued to grow, with the ratio of Maori added to the non-flagged tanks rising to more than 30%,1 and the third quarter of “Standard Hydraulic Pressure” (601,100) will be evaluated.
In 2018, the overall earnings of the non-barrelled tanks increased steadily, and in 2019 they will yield a significant increase,2 rhesus hydraulic pressure (601,100): the excavator market has stabilized 3. Pump valve products and hydraulic systems will begin to enter the performance period.
3. Stereo hydraulic pressure (601,100): The downstream market has stabilized and, with the strong cycle of excavator recovery in 17-18, the company ' s mature fuel tank entered the industry.4 Stereo hydraulic pressure (601,100): hydraulic pressure to sail
For example, in the case of pump valves, the small-divide pump valves will be earning in 17 years, but the root will be the root.
The East’s financial and intellectual boom, the constant stubble hydraulic pressure (601,100): the increase in performance is in line with expectations, the hydraulic taps continue to function, the excavator sales are below expectations, the non-turbine tanks are not growing as much as expected, and the pump valves are rising less than expected.
The source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East, constant hydraulic pressure (601,100): performance increases in line with expectations and hydraulic taps continue to function.
The Chinese People ' s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master ' s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and the mechanical industry, joined the civil securities in 2016 and the East Hing securities in 2017.
The research assistant gives an overview of the researcher's own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.