Operating pressure still exists and the capacity of the construction & storage project is significant - semi-annual review of the three gorges ' energy in 2025.
The net return to the mother is 3,815 million yuan (excluding $3,200 million), corresponding to 5.48 per cent (discount - 20.74 per cent); the non-recurring gain or loss is mainly the result of the proceeds from the disposal of utilities assets and the cost of the shares identified at one time as a result of the cancellation, modification of the equity incentive scheme.
Ceramic power is limited, wind resources are drained. 25h1, company wind (sea, land) is generating 250.61 Liang Yunan.
The number of hours spent on wind and photovoltaic power is still higher than the national average of 59h and 37h.
Electricity prices fall, and cost increases erode profitability. 25h1, corporate wind power, photovoltaics, respectively, yield, fixed asset depreciation, and project operating costs increase.
At the end of 25h1, the company's wind power (sea, land, wind), thousands of kilowatts, 1543.36 thousand kilowatts of light voltage, with a storage capacity of 100,000 kilowatts.
Top soldiers, currently in the construction of projects such as the new energy base in the north-central Ordos in the Kubchi Desert of Mongolia (8 million kW, 4 million kW wind), the new energy base in the Takramagan Desert in the Xinjiang South border (8.5 million kW, 4 million kW wind), taking into account the fact that the large base project is mostly made available through outcasts, and the price of electricity
It is expected that profitability will be more secure, either in or independent of the 136th document.
2. [Galaxy Environment for Public Use] Company reviews _The Three Gorges: Profitability and Increase, I intend to invest in the Xinjiang Base Project. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration was not in the past.
Downstream research. Used to work on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined China’s Galaxy securities in January 2022.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.