Southern Air (600029) Transport: orderly resumption of international routes, increased number of aircraft imports, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incidents: Southern Air published the 2022rd Quarterly Report. The company collected 29.34 billion yuan in three quarters, or 9% of the year: net profit on repatriation - 61.1 billion yuan, or 326.2% of the year; net profit on non-repatriation - 6.57 billion yuan; warmer international routes; and significant return of passengers in response to the gradual increase in the number of international flights by the Department of State and the Civil Aviation Authority.
South China will resume multiple international flights in the third quarter of the year. From June, South China will resume seven international flights, which will be increased from 36 to 48 shifts per week and from 20 to 27 countries; and there will be plans to resume Guangzhou-Jakarta, Dalian-Tokyo routes from October, while, at the same time,
Guangzhou-Dubai, Guangzhou-Manila, Guangzhou-Bangkok, Guangzhou-Phnombang, etc. A significant recovery occurred in July-September, with millions of passengers in the south sailing country.
A320neo series of aircraft; in order to replenish liquidity, the company intends to sell approximately 57.9% of the shares of the shipping company to the South Air Group at approximately RMB 1.18 billion. In a context of the gradual warming of the international air route requirements for civil aviation, the country’s airlines have fluctuated but the overall recovery has remained constant, South Air has introduced aircraft and strengthened its fleet.
There is a dense network of routes, with a clear regional advantage. South Air has two main bases: White Cloud Airport in Guangzhou and Daeheung Airport in Beijing, 18 branches and 8 subsidiaries across the country, and a network of routes is well developed.
In the course of the season, the South sails in the summer season of 2022, which was 28.4% at the time of the summer season, ranked first among the national aviation divisions, with a clear regional advantage. Profit predictions and investment proposals: we look forward to the development of the civil aviation industry and the growth of the international airline market, and we look forward to an excellent regional position.
The position and size advantage guarantee the elasticity of the performance of the South China Air after the recovery of the industry, with the company expected to return to its home country in 2022/23/24, with higher costs and losses, rising up 30 times as high as the company's 2023 Pe, considering that South China is the largest domestic fleet and the highest route network.
We appreciate the development of the civil aviation industry and the growth of the international airline market demand, which is expected to recover further in the winter spring season at the end of October. The position and size advantages guarantee the elasticity of South China’s performance in the wake of the recovery of the industry, with the company projected to be 30 times older, taking into account that South China is the country’s largest fleet and the most developed airline with a network of routes, giving it 20%.
No compensation of any kind has been, will not be, and will not be, obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.