At the same time as the technology and costs, lithium unicorns are born in the future of digital lithium taps atl, gradually growing into powered lithium taps: atl-polymer lithium batteries are the world’s number one commodity, a well-deserved leader in the digital lithium industry.
The generation inherited high-quality lithium technology and cores, which provided a solid foundation for the growth of the powered lithium battery taps. With high-quality battery technology, the Ningde era has also become a unique option for high-quality autonomous cars such as BMW, Wootungjili, and upper gas.
• Rapid growth in the production of new energy vehicles, driving the demand for lithium batteries: 879,000 new energy vehicles in January-October 2018, a 70 per cent increase in the same year, and 28.85gw power cell loads in the previous three quarters, a 97 per cent increase in the same year.
New energy cars are expected to produce close to 2.2 million vehicles a year, driving the demand for lithium batteries. The building of technology, customers, supply chains, and costs are four core advantages, and domestic industrial barriers are gradually forming: as the leader of a national lithium battery, the Ningde era is about to build technology, customers, and supplies through sustained input and deep cultivation.
The main four core advantages of the chain and cost are battery technology and production processes leading domestic industrial rivals, research and development of raw materials technology, mastering of battery-wide chain core technology, deep binding of joint construction plants with domestic pioneer companies, strengthening of overseas plants in cooperation with overseas clients, close cooperation with upstream raw material enterprises using the quasi-substitute model, and procurement on a scale-based basis.
This low-cost amortization has led to the gradual establishment of the Lithium Batteries industry barrier in the country.
Pool system production costs around 0.63 and 0.78/wh, which will be added to next year’s lithium cobalt price reduction, leaving room for next year’s battery price reduction. There will be limited space for long-term price reduction of raw materials, which will depend on measures such as better manufacturing, extreme pressure, real density, diaphragm reduction, very high levels of nickelization, higher energy density, lower unit energy content, etc.
The cost of square lithium and tri-dollar batteries production is expected to drop to 0.43 and 0.49/wh after 2-3 years. For the technology-leading industry, efficiency will increase faster in the future than for the industry, and the cost advantages of the Ninder era will become more evident, while the deep layout of the high nickel trio will also support the company in the Ninder era.
The process of high nickelization is in the lead. • Profit forecasting and valuation: major adjustments to the new energy subsidy policy.
Broadly known as the Ningde era (300,750) - the semi-annual review - the growth of the harvest is in line with expectations, the status of the leader is hard to shake.
The three-quarter performance highlights the advantage of scale and is expected to be the global lithium tap - 201810251 - the rising lithium powered unicorn.
1.1 From the digital lithium tap to the power lithium tap, it was born atl:atl as a core battery of many national and international front-line brands, such as apples, tiles, tristars, millimeters, vivos.
In 2011, atl became the only supplier in China that had the capacity to take over the BMW project. But atl’s daily funding background is contrary to the Chinese government’s demand that the core technology of electric cars be in the hands of Chinese companies, and that operations be carried out in a number of policy walls.
On the other hand, there are greater business risks associated with continuing to work with the BMW as the power cell department of the atl. The creation of a new company frees it from the constraints of the Atl and allows for more independent and in-depth cooperation with the entire garage. The Ningde era was officially launched in December 2011 and the Japanese share was completely cleaned up in 2015. The Ningde era inherited atl high-quality lithium power technology and core personnel to grow into powered lithium.
In the area of passenger cars, in the second half of 2013, an exclusive strategic agreement was signed with Woo-Tung for a period of two years. This helped Woo-tung to move fast.
In 2014, Ningde became the largest power core supplier of North gas through the Pride supply of north gas. With high-quality battery technology, the Ningde era also became an alternative for high-quality autonomous companies such as Gilley and Upper Gas. By 2017, company power batteries had grown by 74.84gwhh.
The market share is the highest in the world. And the popular, Demoller, BMW, Honda, and other international mainstream car companies have once again consolidated their position as global powered lithium poles in the Ningde era.
1.2 The corporate equity structure is stable, core staff share the corporate development dividend Corporate executives in the field of deep-cultivated batteries, with a high shareholding ratio: company directors have been the founders of the current leading consumer battery industry atl, and vice-presidents have had many years of experience in the field of deep-cultivated batteries. At the same time, many executives have top-level advice.
The agency’s experience will facilitate strategic planning for future companies. At present, the company’s major shareholder, Ningbomé Hill Bonded Port Area, Sretchen Investments Ltd., holds 26.31% of the Ningde stock (the chairman had 100% of the stock), Mr. Li Ping holds 5.15% of the Ningde stock, and has been acting in concert with Lee Ping as the real controller of the Ningde. At the same time, 135 core employees passed through Borey.
In addition, six partnerships, such as Winning, Boring-Tung, Yuthai-Hun-Hun-Hun-Hu, Heng-Wu-Wung, Yong-Hun-Hun-Hong, and Yong-Terri-Foh, have accumulated 8.91% of the company’s shares.
1.3.1 Power cell systems The Ninder era focused on power and storage cells, the main business on the development, production and sale of new energy motor battery systems, storage systems and lithium battery materials, and on providing a first-rate solution for new global energy applications.
Development and manufacture of whole-sector chains such as manufacturing, battery recovery and ladder utilization. Chart 3. Ninder-era battery system operations.
Recharges, long life, high energy density, dustproof water, etc... In the area of electric vehicles, by car, mainly equipped with three-dollar batteries, the specifications of which are rich and vary from 10ah to 153ah, and with a 4c-charged fast chargeable battery, the requirements of different types of vehicles can be met; in the area of electric motors, the three-dimensional material or lithium phosphate was used as a positive material in the Ningde era. The product now covers light trucks, light passenger vehicles, passenger vehicles, etc.
Cars such as minivans; at the same time, other specialized car markets outside electric animal currents were exploited in the Ninder era and customized solutions were provided, such as rings, port trailers, etc.
The Ninde-era energy storage system, which mainly uses lithium phosphate as a positive material, is dominated by a rectangular battery and is used for generating, distributing and distributing power, covering large solar or wind power storage, industrial enterprise storage, commercial building and data centre storage, storage power-filling stations, communications base station back-up batteries, etc., to overcome irregular output characteristics of wind or solar power generation, compensating for line losses, tracking plan peaks, etc.
An effective balance between the energy use of wind and photovoltaic systems and the use of peak power in the field of electricity helps to maximize energy efficiency Key products of the Ninder era storage system operations Lithium ion cell material operations through its subsidiary Guangdong Bump, which will cost metals such as nickel, cobalt and manganese in used lithium ion batteries.
The nickel-cobalt-manganese lithium resource is recycled in the battery industry through processing, purification, synthesis, etc., production of lithium-ion cell materials (cobalt cobalt-manganese hydroxides) and so on. The three-dollar-cargo drive is a raw material for the manufacture of the three-dollar lithium-ion cell material and one of the key materials for new energy motor batteries. At present, Guangdong Bump is the country’s leading supplier of lithium-cell materials for the three-dollar pre-drive.
The main business and product of Lithium Batteries in the Nind era benefited from the development of new energy vehicles, the rapid growth of company performance, the boom in new energy vehicles since 2014 in the Nind era Auxiliary Battery Industry, and continued output of company power cells
Growth. Corporate power cell sales in 2017 amounted to 11.84gwh, an increase of 74% in the same year, 6.5gwh in the first half of 2018, and market share of the mother ' s net profit of 3,878 million yuan, an increase of 35.98% in the same year. As a result of the sharp decline in new energy vehicle subsidies in 2017 and higher prices of upstream raw materials, corporate performance has generally been lower than power cell output.
The main reason for the fall in corporate profits was that, during the same period last year, lower prices for public goods and higher raw materials led to a steady decline in the Māori rate during the Ninde era, but it was still at the forefront of the industry. The price of products was mainly affected by the fall in subsidies, with the average annual drop in power cell prices far higher than traditional car parts. According to the policy plan, subsidies will continue to fall by 2020.
Sliding, the price of batteries will also maintain a medium-to-high downward trend, and battery prices are expected to stabilize gradually after 2020, when all subsidies are withdrawn. The raw material side, mainly affected by the sharp increase in cobalt prices, the sharp rise in the price of solid materials, the subsequent trend towards the conversion of three-dollar batteries into nickel, and the impact of cobalt prices, is expected to slow down and the price of raw materials is expected to remain stable. On balance, we believe that the company ' s Māori ratio will remain under pressure in the short term, and that the subsidy era will gradually follow.
2.1 The production of new energy vehicles and battery loads grew rapidly, with 879,000 new energy vehicles growing by 70 per cent in January-October 2018. In 2017, the domestic production of new energy vehicles reached 810,000, and at the beginning of the year, production is expected to exceed 1 million vehicles for the entire year of 2018, with production expected to exceed 1.1 million vehicles for the year as it stands, an increase of 40 per cent for the year.
The rapid growth in the production of new energy vehicles will also drive the growth in the demand for power cells, with 28.85gw power cell loads in the third quarter of 2018, from a low base of 95.79 per cent in the first half of 2017, when the policy window was empty.
The proportion of new-energy cars divided by vehicle has gradually increased, with 86.1 per cent in the previous three quarters, with electricity infused, output growing faster, at 24.6 per cent, with a net-fired-car-a-00 model facing an increase in the standard of subsidies following the implementation of the New Deal in June, while the first half of the year was marked by an increase in vehicle usage from 55.5 per cent in 2017 to 61.5 per cent in 2017; and with the technological advance of the pure-electric bus, the mileage has been raised, and the plugs have increased.
The tram market has been declining steadily, at a rate of only 0.7 per cent; the ratio of pure electric buses has fallen to 6.9 per cent; the ratio of exclusive vehicles to specialized vehicles at the end of 2017 reached 19 per cent; and, with the transitional special vehicle subsidy of only $600/kwh, below the 2018 subsidy rate of $850/kwh, the output of special vehicles is low, down to 6.3 per cent, with a slight increase in the expected four-quarter commercial vehicle seizure ratio.
The largest future market for new energy vehicles will continue to be the use of vehicles, the production of new energy in the first half of the year was only 2.76 per cent of the production of new vehicles, the share of new energy vehicles has reached more than 15 per cent, and the market for new energy vehicles is still to be expected, accounting for 6.49 per cent at the end of 2017.
Figure 14. New-energy car production accounts for 2.66% of the total vehicle output, with an average of 43.57kwh per vehicle per vehicle, an increase of 6.37kwh over the same period last year.
Other types of vehicles, which are now 37.43 kwh per year higher in pure power by bicycle, as a result of the gradual increase in subsidized mileage standards and the annual increase in single-car power levels, are about 10 kwh higher in the same year, and will continue to increase in the future as a result of the gradual increase in subsidized mileage standards.
In 2018, new energy buses subsidized larger buses with a 50% increase in their length from 8m to 10m, while capacity density was greater than 135wh/kg, with a 1.1-fold increase in the number of cars with a higher battery, which increased by 40kwh, to 193kwh. Special-purpose cars with more than 50kwh, with more than 50kwh, and subsidies from 750 kwh/kwh.
Decline to $650/kwh, so it is expected to stabilize at 50 kwh, but as the medium-sized vans become electric, the total number of long-term special-purpose vehicle battery loads is also supported by data on the total number of power cell units in each vehicle, which will be the largest future power cell market in the future, with new energy by vehicle by battery in 2017 at 13.68gw, slightly lower than the passenger car by 14.30gw, and a passenger vehicle load of 17.49gw, exceeding 8.43gw in the three quarters of 2018.
2.3 The domestic power cell market is expected to be close to 2.2 million vehicles in 2020, with a higher capacity, and a number of policy documents have been issued since 2012 when the State began supporting the development of new energy vehicles. The cumulative sales of new energy vehicles in 2015 as proposed in the 2012 Energy Conservation and New Energy Automobile Production Development Plan (2012-2020) have been completed, while the next phase will be completed
With a target of 2 million new energy automobiles for 2020 as the direction of industry ' s efforts, the current rate of growth and development of the industry shows that while subsidies will continue to fall back, between 2019 and 2020, as a result of a two-point policy, the company still has sufficient incentives to produce and sell new energy sources of cars, and based on the above analysis of trends in new energy vehicle production targets and battery loads, we are looking at new energy vehicles for 18-20.
According to estimates from the power cell market, the production of new energy vehicles is expected to exceed 1.1 million in 2018, with a load of about 50 gw, reaching 2.1 million by 2020, with a load of 100 gw, compared with 41.16 per cent annual compound growth in 2017.
Figure 18. Production and loading projections for new energy vehicles 3.1 Technical advantages in the Ningde era: stable technology teams, leading R & D inputs
3.1.1 The management and technical team is stable and technology is transmitted, although it became two independent companies in the post-Atl and Ningde eras in October 2015, since its inception in 1999, the core research teams and technicians of the company have maintained a low rate of loss, and the battery production technology accumulated since the age of Atl has been well transmitted.
The Division’s core management team, based on a deep professional background and extensive practical experience, ensures that companies are forward-looking in judging market direction and technology routes. In the area of new energy commercial vehicles, company management pre-positions the products of the phosphate-based lithium technology; and in the area of new energy vehicles, corporate management sets out the product of three-dimensional materials with high energy and power density, thus establishing the company’s leading position in the market.
In addition, after a number of replenishments, the Ningde era implemented the Stakeholder Scheme through six platforms, with key executives and core cadres largely holding shares and sharing the dividends of corporate development.
B.A., University of Fertilizer Industries. From 2004 to 2009, he was Director of New Energy Research and Development. From 2009 to 2011, he was Vice-President of New Energy Research and Development. From December 2011 to November 2012, he was Director General of New Energy Research and Development, Ningde. From 2010 to 2014, he was Director of Préd. December 2012 to 2017.
In April of that year, he was formerly Director-General, Director-General of the Ningde era, Managing Director and Deputy Chairman of the company; and since April 2017, Vice-President and Deputy Managing Director of the company.
Research and development teams and R & D inputs far outpace national competitors. The company’s pool of talent is also well advanced in the industry. By the end of 2017, the Department had 3,425 R & D technicians, of whom 119 are doctors, 850 are masters, including 2 national 1,000 project specialists and 6 Fujian, 100 provincial plan and innovators, and the overall R & D team is vastly larger and stronger than competitors.
As of 31 December 2017, the company and its subsidiaries had 907 domestic patents and 17 foreign patents, and a total of 1,440 domestic and foreign patents were being applied.
The R & D system has set up a “Students' Workstation” in Fujian Province, which has a provincial priority laboratory for lithium ion battery companies and a testing and certification centre certified by the Chinese National Commission for Qualifications (CNC) to ensure continuous improvement in the company's R & D capabilities. To maintain the motivation and stability of the core technical staff, the company has developed mechanisms to encourage technological innovation. In order to prevent technology leakage, the company has signed confidentiality agreements and signed confidentiality agreements with the core technical staff.
Competition bans agreements, applications for intellectual property protection for core technologies and products, and technical protection measures such as enhanced staff confidentiality awareness training. Companies’ management, represented by ex-groups, also have extensive research and development experience, which has led to far-reaching controls over corporate development strategies and a clear mapping of future technical routes for public-sector products.
The technical route for batteries in the Ningde era is as follows:
Negative polar link: graphite-silicon-lithium metal Chart 22. Ningde-era battery technology road map 3.2 Client advantage: working with high-quality clients, overseas outreach leads
3.2.1 The country’s first wave of electric motorization dividends is being promoted by buses. In conjunction with central fiscal subsidies, local subsidies and public transport companies (and the local government behind them), electricization in the bus sector is far ahead of other models, with 25 per cent of passenger vehicles in the first half of 2018.
In the past three years, China Air Association, Energy Conservation and New Energy Motors Network data have been stable at around 100,000 single-year sales of new energy buses. With first-use battery technology, high-quality production capacity and BMW supplier endorsement, Ninder became the main battery provider for the Utunbus. According to the Nender Times notes, Utron was its first customer in 2014-2017.
Applying experience has also helped it to successfully expand other commercial cars, the Ningde era has now become a major supplier for leading bus companies such as Woo-tung, Kim Long, China, Hong Kong, and Shin Long.
Although the volume of new energy cars in the country has grown positively over the past few years, the share of new energy cars in automobile sales has been low. According to the data from the Central Air Association, it was less than 3 per cent in the first three quarters of 2018. In terms of overall vehicle sales structure, the share of cars exceeds 85 per cent. As subsidies fall, the market will gradually be driven by subsidy policies to consumption demand, while the consumption demand will remain the driving force.
The BMW built up its home and built up its own technology by car. When Ningde’s era was founded, it provided high-voltage batteries, mainly for BMW No. 1e. The BMW’s stringent product-quality requirements and production-management requirements led to a qualitative increase in battery production and detection levels in the Ningde era.
In addition, the new power forces of the Ninder era have also used Ninder-era products.
According to this year’s bulletin’s catalogue, four of the top five companies that sold their new energy by car in January-October 2018 were major customers of the Ninder era, in addition to Biade’s own supply. Quality products, when a vehicle entered the catalogue for sale, made it difficult to replace the battery, while the Ninder era focused on customer service and responded quickly.
A comprehensive and stable system of services and R & D support has been established with a wide range of car firms, which support their ongoing collaboration with companies in the development of new models of vehicles, and even with competitors entering the customer supply chain, most of them second-tier suppliers, who remain the main suppliers of the Ninder era, thus ensuring that orders continue to flow, and that barriers to the use of vehicles by companies in the country have been initially established.
Figure 23. 2016, 2017 National New Energy Motors Enterprise (in units: one) 3.2.4 Overseas layout, global competitive advantage. The Ninder Target Market has long been extended to the home country, working with BMW since its inception, positioning itself as a global battery leader.
In 2014, the Ninder era of New Energy Technologies Ltd. was established, and now has branches in countries and regions like the United States, Canada, France, Japan, etc., to build the ground for their markets abroad. So far, companies have entered the global supply chain system of BMW, the general public, Daimler, Jaguar Rover, Honda, etc., as the first powered battery in the country to obtain global customer orders.
3.3 Supply chain advantages: semi-substitute factory plus material lock-in model, right of voice 3.3.1 deep-seated raw material development, technology blackmailing to make the manufacturer
As batteries are systems engineering, energy density, power density, safety performance and consistency improvements require the integration of four main materials, unlike other battery manufacturers focusing on the development of the battery itself, and based on the “menu” model under the material, the Ninder era has reached all aspects of raw material development, developing customized raw materials in the “menu” and thus gaining more technological advantages in cooperation with raw material manufacturers.
According to the offer, as of 31 December 2017, the company and its subsidiaries had 2,866 patents (included in the application) and licensed patents (included in the application), covering areas such as materials, core design, batteries, battery packages, storage systems, 14 mastery of core autonomous R & D technologies, 5 national and provincial ministerial awards and 7 projects developed in cooperation with the University Institute of Science and Technology, including 5 core technologies and
Research and development of electrode materials modification, electrolyte fluids and equipment, 1 ministerial award on the positive orthodox materials of phosphate, 2 cooperation projects with Su Guangzhenghangseng, respectively, are the core technology of raw materials.
The high-intensity upstream raw material industry, with its stock of high nickel trinity technology, high-multiplier technology, high-cycle technology, and other critical battery technologies, is well above the country’s domestic counterparts, and has also enabled the Ninder era to build up the technological capital of leading materials to catch up with the foreign battery giants.
The purchase of battery raw materials consists mainly of positive materials, negative materials, diaphragms, electrolytes, casings/caps, equipment, etc. The Ningde era has worked with leading firms in various fields, or has fostered their own semi-substitutes, forming good and stable partnerships.
The Ninder era’s supplier choice is not based solely on industry status, but also takes into account the supplier’s degree of cooperation in supporting its own quasi-degenerative plants, for example, with the semi-substitute factory model working with Zhenhua, Xiangmen, and the tungsten industry.
The supply chain has absolute voice, and no single supplier can create exclusive supply for the Ningde era, but rather a supplier is more dependent on the Ningde era, thereby gaining more initiative in price negotiations, suppressing purchase prices and monitoring the quality of raw materials products against guaranteed prices; and ensuring supply chain stability when power batteries have a clear seasonal cycle, which also guarantees that a single manufacturer will be able to supplement it when it lacks capacity.
Figure 24. Key supply chains of the Nender era. 3.3.3. integrates Guangdong Bump, builds battery loops, builds battery loops, builds the Guangdong Bump Cycle Technology Ltd., builds power cell industry shut-down from the Ningde era in 2013.
Three major industrial plates have been formed: “Tel Cycles, Automobile Cycles and New Materials”, specialized in digital batteries (digital electronics, such as cell phones and laptops, charged batteries for electronic products) and power cells (electric motor batteries for electric vehicles), recycling of gradient storage, recycling of traditional end-of-life vehicles, remanufacturing of critical components, and industrial production of high-end battery materials and vehicle function bottlenecks, commercialization of recycling services solutions
Bump, through the original “reverse product positioning design” technology, has taken the lead in breaking the industry problem of “waste reduction” in the area of global battery recycling, and has successfully developed and mastered the core “directional cycle” technology of matching waste and raw materials as a small number of new materials in the recycling industry.
The list of industries, and the arrival of Guangdong Bump, a subsidiary of Guangdong Bump, Hunan Bump Cycle Technology Ltd., has become one of the first five state-sanized power cell collectors. In 2014, our new energy vehicles entered a high-speed development period, and the first new ones will face scrap recycling after five to six years of use.
Suppliers, as power cell scrapping peaks arrive in the future, will be the key to corporate recycling of used batteries.
3.3.4 Lock upstream lithium cobalt raw materials beyond the positive poles, directly targeting lithium cobalt supplies with mining giants. Lithium and cobalt are the core raw materials of the positive material, and since 2015 the price of lithium and cobalt has fluctuated significantly as a result of the rapid development of new energy vehicles.
Direct engagement and cooperation with mining giants, both within and outside the sea, to secure a stable supply of lithium and cobalt from companies through long-term supply agreements.
A total of 3,248 vehicles, including more than 523 vehicles, or 16.01%, of the company’s powered batteries. After the New Deal was implemented, a total of 16 catalogues, issued in 2017 and 4 before 2018, were cancelled, and the 5-11 catalogues were issued this year.
Subsidized, the total of these seven volumes of the Catalogues was 5355 vehicles, of which 1043 were car-type batteries in the Ningde era, and the proportion of car-type batteries increased to 19.68 per cent. Due to the large number of packages, companies have significant advantages in terms of size and currently produce more than 25gw, which is a national lithium battery according to the company ' s offer.
It is expected that by the end of 2020, the company will have more than 50 gwh. Its capacity is planned on a much larger scale than its domestic counterparts, based on its long-distance, high-quality clientele’s high-volume model.
The size of the capacity is much higher than that of the power cell, which, according to ggii, used only 40% of the country’s capacity in 2017. In the Ningde era, the capacity utilization rate was nearly 80%, well above the market average, making the cost of battery single-watt depreciation lower than that of the counterpart, and the advantage of the size of the company was more pronounced in the third quarter of this year, with revenue of $9.776 billion in the third quarter, a 72% increase.
This represents an increase of 73% over the same period, but only 32% over the same period and 7% over the same period, thus making sales and management costs good at revenue per quarter, good cost control at 3.4.2, strong bargaining power over suppliers, and good cost control and bargaining power in the Ninder era.
50% of the remaining costs are negative materials, diaphragms, electrolyte, shell, and pack. The company is a leading power cell industry business, with large and stable purchases, in line with the model of semi-substitute factory cooperation adopted by the company with major suppliers, which gives the company excellent cost-control capabilities and a stronger bargaining power over upstream suppliers, mainly as the price changes for most raw materials are smaller than the average market price changes, i.e.,
While the prices of raw materials purchased by companies are on the rise even less when the market price rises, while the average market price drops, while the prices of raw materials purchased by companies are on the rise relative to the prices of the most positive materials, the unit cost of the company ' s products is on the decline as the technology of the company ' s products rises and the cost of other materials drops, and the raw materials consumed by the unit of the company ' s power cell wh are on the decline, resulting in an overall downward trend in the unit cost of the company ' s products.
The combination of technology, customer and supply chain advantages has given companies a significant cost advantage, as measured by the company hiring instructions data, by 31.78 per cent of the unit cost of a company ' s power cell in 2015-2017, far above the average market, and by the combination of technology, customer and supply chain advantages.
In the first half of 2018, 42 per cent of the company was installed, and before the withdrawal of the multiplicity of annual subsidies, such as technology, customers, supply chains and costs, the bulk of the domestic market ' s product plate batteries were in the domestic market, while the main competitors were either in the early stages of external expansion or in the early stages of productive expansion and were unable to form a strong confrontation, and optimism was expressed that by 2020 the Ningd era ' s domestic power cell market would have been around 50 per cent, with neutral forecasts.
A 45% city rate can also be achieved. 4 battery costs depend on a short-term reduction in raw materials, long-term efficiency and the Ninder’s leading position in the domestic battery industry have been established, but the market is more concerned that next year’s subsidy will continue to fall, and the price of battery products will fall.
With the erosion of profits in the Ningde era, we have found, through detailed splitting of the cost of lithium batteries, that the current cost of raw materials for lithium and triple batteries is only 0.28 and 0.45/wh, corresponding to the current price of $1.03-1.12/wh power cell pack (excluding taxes), which is only 26 per cent and 42 per cent, and that cobalt prices are expected to continue to fall in the coming year, providing sufficient space for price decline.
4.1 Raw materials have set aside space for next year ' s price reduction. 4.1.1 Battery raw materials cost is by far the largest. Battery costs can be divided into manufacturing costs and raw materials costs, of which raw materials cost is the most significant component of battery costs.
The three dimensions of tile phosphate, three squares, 1865 cylinders, three pieces of cylinders, and three pieces of software, the main production of the squares of the Ningde era, three-dimensional batteries with phosphate lithium and squares, and the supply of soft packets of tri-dollar batteries to some overseas customers, with detailed measurements of the composition and energy density of the raw materials of the three batteries, with a concentration of about 170.39, 228.87 and 259.33wh/kg.
Viagra guangzhenghangseng currently has a density of 170.39 wh/kg of lithium core, which is above 200wh/kg in the same specification, due to the relative safety of lithium.
High, high pack coefficients, which maintain energy density above 140wh/kg after pack, and three-dollar batteries above 170wh/kg. The eleventh batch of new energy car bulletins has already had multiple vehicle-type energy density of 170wh/kg, which is expected to be met by the mainstream model next year, up 30wh/kg from the 2018 subsidy standard of 140wh/kg.
Based on the above table, the cost of raw materials for lithium batteries can be measured in conjunction with the current price of the relevant product, and the cost of raw materials for rectangular lithium and trio batteries is approximately $220 and $340/wh, without consideration of good rates and natural wear and tear, but due to the current poor state of the process in the domestic battery company, the level of management in some of the manufacturers is weak, and the domestic good product rate for batteries is still low, if 80 per cent of the good product rate is lower (a slightly lower rate of good products in the soft-packing process).
With a natural consumption factor of 1.05, the actual cost of lithium and tri-dollar batteries was approximately 280 and 440/kwh, of which the cost of soft bags was slightly higher by about 490/kwh.
According to the guangzhenghangseng measurements, positive poles account for the highest cost of raw materials, 50% and 70% respectively for lithium phosphate, positive material prices have the greatest impact on battery costs, and the other three materials account for negative poles, diaphragms, and electrolyte. For soft-pack batteries, secondary materials are also larger.
As can be seen, the decline in battery costs still requires much more positive contributions. 4.1.2 Battery manufacturing costs fall year by year, from $1334.80/kwh in 2015-2017, according to the power cell cost data in the Ningde era statement.
910.56/kwh, a decrease of 31.78%. Since the operating costs of power batteries account for 83.76% of the operating costs, we can estimate the direct materials, direct labour, and unit manufacturing costs of power batteries by roughly comparing the direct materials, direct labour and manufacturing costs of the operating costs.
The cost of manufacturing fell by 38.59 per cent, and the unit consumption of electricity fell by 50.13 per cent. The Ningde era was home-grown in terms of batteries, with labour and manufacturing costs totalling only $147.97/kwh in 2017. In conjunction with the current industry pack cost of approximately $190/kwh, the overall cost of the current industry power tank is estimated at 25 per cent Māori.
Compared to the current tax-free market price of 1.03 yuan/wh for the phosphate lithium battery system, the price of the phosphate lithium battery has been 20% concessional at the current price and efficiency level. The price of the tri-dollar battery is about 1.12 yuan/wh, still 8%.
Figure 35. Total cost of batteries versus sale price estimates 4.2 Positive cost reduction relying on raw materials is the highest percentage of cost of raw materials in 4.2.1 Positive cost
According to the preceding section, positive material costs remain the most significant of the most battery raw materials, whereas positive raw materials are mainly lithium salt and pre-drilled. 4.2.1.1 The cost of positive raw materials of phosphate lithium phosphate is lifepo3 and is produced by the former decomposing iron phosphate and lithium carbonate according to Molby 1:1, so that its primary raw materials are:
For iron phosphate and lithium carbonate, where iron phosphate is commonly used as a feedstock, it has been calculated that 1 ton of iron phosphate requires 0.236 tons of lithium carbonate and 1,192 tons of iron phosphate, respectively, at current market prices, and that the cost of raw materials of lithium phosphate is $31.46 million per ton, or 60.31 per cent of the non-tax price.
Based on the cost of the main raw materials, which is currently commonly used in the industry at $3,523, the combined cost of the pre-preponderant raw material drive and lithium carbonate is already 86.39 per cent of the price, and the associated manufacturing costs are relatively low; the combined cost of nickel sulphate, cobalt sulphate and manganese sulphate continue to account for 80.14 per cent of the total cost of the former drive. The cost of cobalt and nickel exceeds the cost of lithium by $105.48 and 75.49/kwh, respectively.
In the future, the positive price of the triple dollar will continue to depend on the decline in the price of the priority raw materials. Figure 37.523 is a positive estimate of the cost of the major raw materials. 4.2.2 is priced on a very large scale in the form of processing fees, and there is limited scope for a drop in the cost of the manufacturing end.
Under the Green States-Springs-Springs equity investment scheme, an average of $241 million per ton of nickel positive material fixed asset was invested in less than ten years of depreciation, about $2410 per ton of depreciation, currently about $210,000 per ton of high nickel positive material (excluding taxes) and only 1.14 per cent of depreciation, with limited scope for lower end-of-end cost of fixed asset input, combined with cost analysis of raw materials of the above-mentioned positive materials.
The main costs at the end of the manufacture were the cutting of electricity, the consumption of lithium and 523 node materials at about 7,500 degrees per ton of electricity, at a cost of about RMB 0.6/kwh per ton of electricity per ton in large industry, and the cost of other consumables and processing at about RMB800/tonne per ton per ton, and the total cost of manufacturing at about RMB 8,000/t, due to the current price difference between the price of trivalent node materials and the cost of raw materials at only RMB 21.7 million per ton, the Maori rate at only 10 per cent, and the deduction of lithium phosphate for processing.
The rate is about 20 per cent, positive material pricing multiple processing fees are added to the model, and there is little room for single-ton manufacturing cost drops. 4.2.3 Lithium carbonate reduction is limited, and the presence of cobalt prices is likely to continue to fall 1) The decline in lithium carbonate prices has limited marginal effect on battery cost reduction
Lithium cloud mothers have the highest cost. In 2018, lithium supply and demand reversed and prices dropped to around $80,000, at a cost line for lithium cloud production capacity, and at a current high price of Lithium cloud mothers 10,000 yuan per ton, forcing them to clear their production. The import price of lithium concentrates remained high in 2018, at about $750-800 per ton, but the average cost of mining was only $340 per ton, and lithium ore plants were still in operation.
At present, lithium supply and demand structure reverses, and lithium ore negotiations entered a critical period in 2019. If lithium ore prices fall to US$ 450-500/ton next year, this could reduce the cost of lithium carbonate by 1.68 million tons (to produce 1 ton of lithium carbonate for 8 tons of lithium concentrate), the corresponding reduction of lithium phosphate by 0.4 million yuan and 0.65 million yuan for 523 positive poles, respectively, and the cost of lithium and 523 dollars core by 10.8/kwh and 14.7/kwh.
If the competition is particularly intense, the price of lithium carbonate falls to 50,000 yuan per ton (tax-bearing), i.e., the cost line for the domestic salt lake, and the cost of lithium and the 523 ton core can be reduced by 18 yuan/kwh and 25 yuan/kwh. Although there is still room for a price reduction for lithium carbonate, the current decline is similar to that for lithium carbonate from 150,000 to 80,000 tons, with limited space.
2) Cobalt supply and demand have reversed, excess supply is estimated in 2019. Cobalt is mostly associated with copper and nickel, supply has not been lacking, as copper prices continued to be depressed between 2015 and 2016, copper mining activity has diminished, and demand for new energy motor power cells has erupted, short-term stocking has become intense, creating short-term cobalt supply strains, adding to the mining boom abroad.
The price hike caused the Democratic Republic of the Congo ' s gold-cobalt mining enthusiasm and the gradual release of minerals, and the resumption of production on the Kcc project in 2018 under the flag of Canon Katanga, with the planned release of 11,000 tons of production, a cumulative release of 6,500 tons of cobalt in the last three quarters and a return to normal cobalt supply, resulting in a rise in the price of gold-cobalt mining in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The growth in global cobalt demand from Euro-Asian resources has increased by only about 10,000 tons a year, the oversupply of cobalt will be further exacerbated, the effects of short-term suspensions will remain unchanged, cobalt prices are likely to fall further, down to $200/kg, and the cost of cobalt equivalent batteries will fall by $40/kwh.
Taken together, a decline in the price of lithium cobalt could reduce the price of lithium and the Trinity 523 battery system by approximately 27 and 78 yuan/kwh at a further cost of $597 and 704 yuan/kwh, leaving room for a 20 per cent price reduction next year (assuming a 40 per cent reduction in subsidies, a 4.3-per-cent increase between the vehicle company and the battery company would be the main way to reduce the cost of batteries in the future, and the cost advantage of iron lithium would be weakened).
From the above analysis, a reduction in the price of lithium carbonate and cobalt would reduce the cost of raw materials for three-dollar batteries by $78/kwh, corresponding to a decrease of about 7.6 per cent in the current price of batteries, while a decrease of less than 3 per cent in the near decline of lithium 27/kwh is expected in the future. The decline in battery costs is expected to continue with the decline in lithium and cobalt, which is clearly not realistic, and the decline in battery costs would have to be based on an increase in the efficiency of production based on cell energy density.
Increases to 3.9, lithium from 2.25 to 2.8g/cm3 and negative extreme pressure density from 1.6 to 1.8g/cm3 with single crystal positive material (10ah/kg) with high capacity negative poles (365ah/kg), diaphragm and bronze thinning (from 14um to 6um, diaphragm from 12+4um to 6+3m and bronze diaphragm from 8um to 6um), and with these measures due to increased energy density,
The price of raw materials for the lithium batteries can be reduced by $28 and $34/kwh, respectively, for artificial plus manufacturing costs and by $73 and $86/kwh respectively for pack costs. The positive material for the three batteries can be changed from 523 to 811. Although the processing cost of the 811 process has increased by about $10,000/ton, the positive capacity can be increased by another 40ah/kg, the energy density of the three batteries has increased significantly, and the total cost of the three batteries can be reduced by another 54/kwh.
As battery production processes and technologies improve, 811 technologies mature and applications are promoted over the next 2-3 years (the above downfalls do not take into account efficiency of production equipment, higher investment costs, etc.), triple battery and lithium production costs can be reduced to $494 and $432/kwh, and tax-free prices can be reduced to $659 and $576/kwh, respectively, if measured at a 25% Māori rate. Lithium and trivalent production costs can be reduced from $160/kwh to $60.
/kwh, as the energy density of high nickel triple batteries increases at a much faster rate and in space than lithium, the future cost advantage of iron lithium will gradually diminish, and if the safety of high nickel is properly addressed, priority will be given to applications that are more spatially and qualitatively focused. For the technology-leading industry’s Ninder era, future efficiency gains will also be faster than industry, and the cost advantage of the Ninder era will be even greater.
It is clear that, at the same time, the deep layout of the Ningde era in the three-dollar high nickel field will also help companies to take the lead in the process of high nickelization.
Multipe, maintain `carefully recommended' ratings.