The deep report of the Ningde era, the Ningde era.
The cost of a new energy vehicle with a continuous mileage, a fast-filled time and a three-point cost accelerator has become an impact on the new energy source.
The current status of the three pains of the new energy vehicle: the new car is about 400 km or more. Battery energy and volume density are available.
500 km for phased renewal, but increasing mileage means increasing the cost of batteries; New Energy Automobile is still 30min or more. Battery has 4c fast-loading technology to meet the need for a pure electric new energy vehicle power system that still has more than 60,000 conventional gasoline-driven vehicles, compared to about 60,000 gasoline.
Based on the current situation, it can be seen that new energy vehicle technologies are already up to stage demand, but at higher cost. Cost has become a key factor affecting the share of new energy cars in the city.
Technology: high nickel, silicon, and fast-loading technology are at the forefront of the industry; Cost: companies are the only ones in the world that have a tri-dollar core.
Companies with more than 150ah, in terms of shell and manufacturing costs, 70ah magnified costs in the more market mainstream: the company ' s active layout accounts for the highest triple cost of batteries, vertical integration, and provides a second guarantee of the future profitability of the Department.
In the Ninder era, the market share is the highest in the world and is expected to rise further in the future. Technology, supported by cost advantages, high power cell rates have risen from 29% in 2017 to 42% of 2018h1, and in the future, considering that there is still some room for growth in the domestic market share of companies, foreign countries have signed with a number of internationally renowned car companies.
Supply agreements have not yet been made on a large scale, with a 40-fold value for the company in 2019, corresponding to the East's financial boom.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Ningde Times (300,750): dedicated to technology development will lead to the end of the business history and business profile of the company.
1.1 Along with atl, one of the first companies to develop lithium batteries in the country, based on China’s desire to do so in the Global New Energy Technology Group (atl), is technically able to make a five-year run of the world’s soft-packed polymer batteries, and has unique technical advantages in drones and fast-loading.
It's a truly international leader in the area of consumer electronic batteries. The Ningl era, formerly an atl power cell division, was created by the same generation of original atl, with a pure battery lineage, and inherited atl's international vision, standing up in China, with a global vision.
In 2011, the power cell division of the former New Energy Technology Group (atl) became independent, and the Ninder era (catl) became fully operational.
• New Energy Technologies for the Qinghai Age, Inc., in 2012;
(b) In 2016, the “Students' Workstation for New Energy Technologies of the Ninder Age” was established;
In 2017, a branch company was formed in France, the United States, Canada and Japan: in the era of joint ventures with the upper-steam power cell, Ltd.
Figure 1: Founded atl in the 1990s to deliver polymer batteries to one of the first lithium cell developers in the country for five years in a row.
Figure 2: Catl's executive director and 50% of the core technical staff of Catl's subsidiary have been employed in atl, with most of the remainder being new investors. Of these, the former group is the founder of atl, and Wu Kai and Zhao Fonggang have started their core players early in life.
Table 1: Corporate executives and core technicians, mainly from atl, figure 3: Catl inherits atl International Vision Division worldwide
The East is a source of wealth and wisdom, the Ningde era (300,750): a commitment to technology development that will lead to the end of the 1.2-Capital Business Profile.
The company ' s main product is lithium cell material and lithium batteries, which can be divided into cores, modules and battery systems depending on the form of the shipment; power cells and storage cells depending on the area of downstream application.
The source of financial prosperity in the East is made up of a number of modules with electricity at 9kwh-300kwh, and downstream products are new energy cars.
It consists of a number of modules, downstream products being energy storage cabinets, which are used in energy storage areas, and figure 4: map of the position of the catl main farm product in the industrial chain (company product in the red line)
The East is a source of wealth and wisdom, and the Ningde era (300,750): dedicated to technology development will bring down to the bottom.
The company’s combined annual growth rate of operating income and net repatriation profits for the last three years has been 185% and 315% respectively. In 2017, operating income reached RMB 199.7 billion, a 34% increase, and in 2017, a net return profit of RMB 3,878 million, a 36% increase.
Figure 5: Catl’s business earnings and annual compound growth rates for the last three years are divided into power cells and storage cells. Power cells benefit from the first upswing of new energy vehicles downstream, becoming the main public strategic layout business, and are ranked second in the company’s main product.
Lithium battery material is mainly from the subsidiary Guangdong Bump Cycle Technology Ltd., and since its acquisition in 2015, lithium material received as a percentage of total revenues, respectively 10.4 per cent, 4.1 per cent and 12.4 per cent: Lithium batteries are still in the demonstration import phase in the field of storage energy, with higher fluctuations in revenue collection, with the share of total revenues divided over the last four years.
Figure 7: Catl Main Camp Income, Figure 8: Catl Main Operations Income as a Proportion of Revenues from Main Camp 2017
In 2014-2016, the company power cell business was also on the slope and the cost of the product fell faster than the price of the sale, so the rate and net interest rates were rising year by year. After 2017, the rate of cost decline slowed with the release of capacity, while the chain of industry was priced for the battery.
The demand for the decline remained unchanged, and corporate Māori rates and net interest rates began to decline.
High R & D expenditure is the guarantee that corporate technology will be reduced. As corporate revenue increases, corporate management costs and sales costs change equally. The higher management costs are due to the company’s continued high level of R & D inputs, and the share of R & D expenditure in operating income is high in the industry.
If this is the result of improved cash flow from companies’ operations and the availability of initial fund-raising: as a result of further increases in the size of the company’s revenues, despite a slight decrease in R & D expenditure as a percentage of operating income, R & D expenditure has increased by 5% over the same year. Against a backdrop of continuing downswing in product prices, high R & D expenditure is the result of corporate technological leadership and a higher M & A rate than that of co-workers
Figure 12: Share of R & D expenditure and R & D expenditure in revenue earned in the calendar year.
The company’s lithium battery material is upstream of the core, growing with the growth of lithium cell business. Lithium cell business will grow at the highest rate in the future, mainly in the area of new energy vehicles.
2.1 A vehicle-powered battery creates a trillion-dollar market demand. The company’s lithium cell operation downstream uses power cells and storage cells, which can be further fined and divided into passenger and commercial vehicle batteries. The most rapid increases in the future are concentrated in the use of vehicles.
The demand for batteries is described below: National policy supports the emergence of power cells in pure electric power and plug-in hybrid vehicles. According to the Road Map for Energy Conservation and New Energy Automobile Technology published by the Chinese Auto-engineering Institute, between 2017 and 2030.
Battery cagr is about 33%. In the short term, pure electric power and plug-in hybrid vehicles alone will not be able to meet the requirement to reduce fuel consumption, and hybrid cars will be developed.
2.1.1 In November 2017, the Chinese Society of Auto-Engineering, commissioned by the National Advisory Committee on Building Strategies of Power-Building Powers and the Ministry of Industry and Information, prepared and issued a road map for energy-saving and new energy vehicle technology (hereinafter referred to as the road map).
The graph indicates that one of the overall goals of future development is that new energy cars are becoming mainstream products and that the auto industry is beginning to transform into electric. On this basis, pure power and plug-in hybrid cars were estimated at 33% powered cagr between 2017 and 2030.
The annual sales of pure power and plug-in hybrids in 2020, 2025, 2030 are expected to reach 1.79 million in figure 13: pure power and plug-in hybrids for nearly three years and the next 13 years cagr
2.1.2 The development of hybrid vehicles is another important option for major vehicles to reduce fuel consumption. According to the plans of the Ministry of Technology and the Automotive Industry Association, the average fuel consumption by vehicle fell to 5.0l/100km in 2020, 2025 and 2030, respectively.
4.0l/100km and 3.2l/100km. In the short term, the development of a pure electric car, a plug-in hybrid vehicle, will not meet the above fuel consumption requirements, and the hybrid power of oil and electricity will be given some scope for development. The future development of the country will focus on 48v systems, especially 48v systems, in the mix of powerful and light power.
By 2020, 73 billion yuan-14.2 billion yuan would be needed for mixed motor batteries. By 2020, the average fuel consumption by vehicle would be 5l/100 km, and the mix of oil and electricity would have to be deployed to meet the country’s fuel consumption requirements.
Cars meet fuel consumption requirements. Figure 14: Number of hybrid vehicles required to meet road map fuel consumption requirements
Eung Heung Securities In-depth Report The Ninder Age (300,750): A commitment to technology development is going to take its course.
2.2 Cost has become the primary factor affecting the share of new energy cars in the three pain spots: the pain of new energy vehicles is in the range, the time and the cost of recharges compared to traditional cars. Specific description of the pain: currently, new energy vehicle announcements are in the range of 400 km, well below the traditional range of 700-800 km.
Reciprocal solution: Continuing mileage is proportional to the total power distribution, which can be enhanced by: 1) increasing the battery's energy and volume density or 2) increasing the number of batteries. An increase in the number of batteries can increase the entire battery distribution, but simultaneously increasing the battery's weight and cost. An increase in the battery's energy and volume density is a guaranteed battery weight.
The pain point description is that traditional cars have shorter fuel times, up to a maximum of 5min. New-energy cars have more than 30min fast-loading times, and even 72min are still not able to meet consumer travel requirements.
The time to charge is another pain point for a new energy vehicle. Moreover, reducing the time to charge can alleviate the limousine anxiety. Solution: increase battery fast charge performance. Pain point description: for a class-a sedan: the cost of power systems such as conventional motors, gear tanks, etc. is about 20,000.
The cost of batteries is $7.29 million, plus the cost of new power systems for electric power and transformers is about $83,000, which is $63,000 more than the cost of conventional vehicles. Without cost concerns, new energy vehicles can solve the problem of mileage and time charged by increasing the number of batteries and making materials that are faster and more efficient, and the cost has become a constraint on new energy vehicles.
The main reason for the increase in sales is the source of financial prosperity in the East. The solution is to reduce the cost of battery materials and manufacturing through technological development.
3. In the light of the above, the company has increased its investment in research and development every year to enhance its competitiveness and market ownership. In the Ninder era, industrial pain was addressed mainly through the following programmes:
(a) Increasing volume energy density: high nickel triads, silicon negative poles, structural optimization (large power core programme);
Table 3: Solutions for the pains of the new energy automobile industry 3.1 Original atl experts lead the highest R & D input industry Lithium batteries are still high and long, and since Nender's era has focused heavily on R & D and innovation, corporate R & D inputs
For liquid lithium ion batteries that have been commercialized, corporate technology is concentrated in high circulation, high energy density, fast-filling technology, intelligent processes, etc., and for the next generation of batteries at the basic, applied research and development stage, the company carries out research and development work on various technological bottlenecks and key links.
A total of 502 patents (included in the application) have been authorized. The vast majority of patented patents maintain a high ratio of R & D costs to the income of the main business in the Ningde era.
Figure 17: The share of R & D staff in the Ninder era is higher than that of similar companies The Eastern Source of Finance and Power The Company has five core technical staff, including Mr. Wu Kai, Mr. Zhao Fonggang, Mr. Xiang Yana, Mr. Hu Jiangu, Tang.
Mr. Hong Hui. The brief is as follows: Mr. Wu Kai, Doctor of Applied Chemistry, Shanghai Transport University, Chief Scientist, Deputy Managing Director, former Director of Research and Development, Deputy Managing Director of Technology, one of the core founders of atl, published 8 national and international papers for 45 articles.
Mr. Jo Fonggang, Vice-President of Corporate Engineering at the Chinese University of Science and Technology, former Director of Research and Development, Senior Director of Engineering, one of the core founders of atl, published 7 national and international papers for 11 new practical applications.
The inventor of the patent was awarded the first prize for scientific and technological progress in Qinghai Province in 2016, the “Professional Masters of Technology” in Dong-hoon City in 2011, the Mayor of Dong-hoon City Award in 2010 and the second prize for the 2008 National Science and Technology Progress Award.
Mr. Hu, Bachelor of Arts, Hangzhou Business School, Director of Companies, former Director of the Development Department of Atl, was the inventor of four new, practical patents and five inventions.
Mr. Tang Honghui, Doctor of Non-ferrous Metal Metallurgy, Central and South University, Deputy Managing Director of Hunan Bump, published 11 papers for 23 inventions and 7 new practical inventions. He was awarded the second prize for the 2015 Hunan Province Patent Award, the 2014 Hunan Science and Technology Progress Award, the 2014 China Non-ferrous Metal Industry Science and Technology Progress III Award, 2011
3.2 Technological advances in the non-ferrous metals industry in China. Technology innovation drives up the city’s share. High R & D inputs enable companies to maintain unique excellence in high nickel triads, silicon negative poles, structural optimization, manufacturing processes, etc.
Technology and cost lead companies in increasing the scale of their output, which is higher than the standard, and in turn contribute significantly to lower procurement and manufacturing costs. 3.2.1 Optimization of the process significantly improves material utilization and production efficiency.
Through continuous upgrading of production technologies and improvement of production processes, the company reduced the consumption of the unit wh nuclei, negative electrodes, electrolysis fluids, diaphragms, while significantly reducing the labour and manufacturing costs during manufacturing.
Figure 18: Companies significantly reduced their labour and manufacturing costs through process optimization The operating costs of lithium battery materials in 2017 accounted for zero per cent, 14.3 per cent, 5.5 per cent, and 14.3 per cent of the total operating costs of major products, respectively. Battery production consumed electricity mainly.
Electricity consumption was 0.05 degrees, 0.038 degrees, 0.025 degrees, 26 per cent less, 25 per cent less and 34 per cent less, respectively.
3.2.2 Structural optimization: Aluminium shell program will bring down to the extreme that the original atl product is consumer-oriented, mainly a soft-packed core, and that its soft-packed core has been the world ' s leading product for five consecutive years since 2012, which is sufficient to demonstrate its very strong technological and production experience in the field of soft-packing.
We believe that aluminum shell technology is chosen on the basis of its cost advantages. Catl firmly chooses the aluminum shell core and takes the big core's technical route because the aluminum shell, the large core, is very helpful for the drop.
Figure 20: Aluminium shells, packages, cylindrical cores. The advantage of the cylindrical cores over the cylindrical cores is mainly in the following areas: 1. Aluminium shells are used as a large core programme to achieve this purpose by amortizing the cost of structure units;
b. Aluminium shell is a major electron core programme, which achieves the purpose of reduction by reducing manufacturing and manual costs;
4 Aluminium shells can accept a certain amount of gas swelling, and relatively low requirements for electrolyte fluids can reduce the cost of electrolyte fluids. 1 Aluminium crusts are used as a large core.
The size of the core can be designed according to demand, and there are currently 153ah products in the Ningde era, and the cost of a single core can be amortized by increasing the capacity of a single core.
2. Aluminium shells are used as a large core, which can be achieved by reducing manufacturing and manual costs: The first half of a core production division and the second half can significantly reduce the labour and manufacturing costs of the second half of a core if individual core power is increased and the output of the second half of a single process increases accordingly.
Figure 23: Increasing capacity increases production efficiency in the second half of the process of power cores.
3 Aluminium shell cores are made without the need for additional metal panels, and there are advantages to group efficiency and cost: Soft-packed cores are made using metal panels to increase strength, the process is more complex than aluminium shell programmes, and cost-effective and grouping is less efficient.
4 Aluminium shells can accept a certain amount of gas swelling, and relatively low requirements for electrolytic fluids reduce the cost of electrolytic fluids: Soft cores swell with batteries, and aluminium shells have a certain strength and are able to withstand a certain amount of internal air pressure. So soft core electrolytes require a high degree of electrolytic additives that inhibit the production of gas, which increase the cost of electrolytic fluids.
3.2.3 The fast-filling technology further enhances the competitiveness of the company's products. Compared to conventional cars, the recharge time is a painful point for new energy vehicles, and the fast-loading technology is a technical problem that the battery field has to deal with.
Capability challenges are great. Cells in the general chemical system will produce by-products at fast-loading, affecting the cycle and stability of the core, and the energy density and fast-filling performance will not normally be matched, often leading to lower energy density. The Ninder era, through autonomous research and development of "superelectronics" and "quick-ion rings" technologies, has greatly enhanced the core charge.
The power multipliers take into account the characteristics of high energy density. Figure 24: Energy density and fast-filled technology cannot be combined.
1. Commercial car: The phosphate lithium fast-loading technology developed in the Ninder era on the positive side to enhance the electron conductivity of the phosphate lithium. Negative polarite. The ink surface uses the phosphate lithium circuit technology, which is equivalent to a high-speed runway built on the graphite surface, which greatly accelerates lithium.
The ion is embedded in the graphite layer, and the modified graphite combines the properties of super fast charge with high energy density. Catl fast charges the lithium phosphate core single body with a energy density of 150 ww/kg, higher than 130 wh/kg for similar products in the Crevo energy, and is close to 160 wh/kg of the normal core.
Figure 25: Figure 26: Lithium Phosphate Fast Fill Programme: Catlvs. Crevolent 2, Car: Trinity Fast Fill Technology
The “superconducted electronic network” and “quick ion ring” technologies developed autonomously in the Ningde era have also had excellent effects in the Trinity System by reducing their fast-loading time from 30 minutes to 11.25min in the second half of 2018, while guaranteeing a energy density of 190wh/kg with a life cycle exceeding 2,500 times.
Figure 27: At least 30min is needed for the current model.
3.2.4 Control of upstream material costs in the material and battery recovery operations of the layout Lithium cell has the highest positive ratio of total costs, with companies accounting for 12.2 per cent, 16.6 per cent, 22.4 per cent and 28.8 per cent of total costs in 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 respectively.
The high trend is due to the annual increase in the share of the company ' s triple batteries, the price of cobalt from the raw materials up there, the fact that cobalt is mostly associated with copper, nickel, etc., and has no separate mining value, with very limited global reserves available for mining cobalt. The price of cobalt fluctuated after the demand for the triple materials erupted, and the price of the three-dollar materials also increased from the beginning of 2016.
Figure 28: Price trends for cobalt and triptych materials, Figure 29: Positively 28.8% of company battery costs in 2017
In order to cope with the limited and high cost of cobalt reserves, the company acquired three-dollar orthodox materials for recycling and production operations. In 2015, 2016, 2017, the company collected 590 million lithium battery materials.
This increase in business will provide a greater margin for profitability. Figure 30: Lithium Batteries' positive material business capture and share of 3.3 technological advantages is a guarantee of the company ' s high profitability
As the cost of new energy vehicles remains high, there is a strong demand for lower prices in the battery industry chain. Power cell prices in 2015, 2016, 2017 were $2.28/wh, $2.06/wh and $1.41/wh, respectively, with a 21%, 10%, and 32% reduction respectively. Despite a sharp drop in sales prices, the Ningde era was driven by technological, cost and scale advantages.
For the last three years, Māori rates have remained high, at 41%, 45%, and 35%, respectively. The Māori ratio of companies is significantly higher than the industry average.
Figure 33: Maintenance of high rates of gross lithium battery material in the Ninder era, source of Eastern financial intelligence, Ninder era (300,750): commitment to technology development will take its course.
4. The cost and technological advantage depth are tied down to the world ' s first lithium battery business development cycle, which has a long development cycle and requires multiple stages of development, including manual, soft and hard models, especially in the area of passenger vehicles, where the new vehicle is usually developing in two to five years.
The German era, with its own technology and cost advantages, is deeply tied to important customers by means of joint ventures with downstream customers, cooperative development, etc. The right and appropriate cooperation strategy has led to the Ninder era locking down of downstream customers, with the share of the market rising year after year, with power cells reaching the top global position in 2017.
4.1 The cost and technological advantage depth bind downstream customers Automobile development with long cycles, complex processes, high technical thresholds and high requirements for suppliers’ combined capabilities.
In the first half of 2018, there was a synchronized delivery of goods to 58 vehicles. Domestic customers include new energy-led companies, such as North Gas, Upper Gas, Gilly, and large commercial car companies, such as Woo-tung, Golden Dragon: internationally recognized global car taps, such as BMW, the public, Mercedes, Honda and Japanese, and signed supply agreements.
Table 4: The deep binding of domestic car companies in the Ningde era, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the Ningde era is in the global market, recognized by the public, BMW, Mercedes, Honda, Japanese, Renault, etc.
Table 5: The number of orders obtained by the international car giants in the Ningde era is expected to increase further in 4.2.1 power cells for the number of batteries out of the world ' s first future cities
The East is a source of wealth and wisdom, and the Ninder era (300,750): committed to technology development will go to the end, and with most car companies accepting it, the company's performance has continued to grow at a high rate, with power cell cagr for almost three years.
Among them, power cell output in 2017 was 11.84gwh, accounting for 29 per cent, 19 per cent, from China and the global power cell, and ranked first in the world over the international giants of Matsushita, lgc, Biadi. 2018h1, Ningdwy held the highest position in the country, and the share of domestic cities rose from 29 per cent to 42 per cent.
The power cell cagr of the Ningde era will be about 47% for the next five years, and the domestic power cell market will be raised to about 55%. If the joint venture battery output is based on equity values (the age-old gas, the age-wide battery output is 51%, the Qinghai-era is 100%), the next five years of the Ningde era will be powered with electricity.
Pools account for about 40 per cent. Figure 34: Global battery rankings 2017, Figure 35: Domestic battery rankings 2017 & 2018h1
Figure 36: Cagr 263 per cent of power cell shipments in the Ningde era for almost four years. Figure 37: Ninde power cell shipments in the domestic and global share. 4.2.2 Storage energy batteries gradually transition from demonstration imports to initial phase
In the past four years, lithium batteries have remained in the demonstration import phase in the field of storage energy, and the company’s business has fluctuated considerably. In the future, as the storage industry transitions to the primary stage, lithium battery output will increase further.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East is 0.1 gwh, 0.5 gwh and 1 gwh. On this basis, we measure the annual battery output of the company ' s storage capacity in 2022.
4.2.3 The recovery of lithium battery materials at a high cobalt price is significant. Lithium battery materials from the Ningde era were exported 80 per cent of the goods in the past two years. Of these, 30,000 tons were shipped in 2017, accounting for about 14 per cent and 8 per cent globally, respectively.
The global cobalt reserves are limited, rare metals, and are expensive. Three-dollar materials are affected by the rise in cobalt prices, which rose from 150,000 tons/tonne/tonne at the beginning of 2016 to a peak of 240,000/tonne/t. The company ' s lithium battery material is mainly a pre-triple drive product that recovers valuable metals such as nickel, cobalt and manganese from used batteries.
Processed and produced to effectively reduce cobalt resource stress. As the first electric vehicles are scrapped, used power cells will emerge in bulk. The company’s lithium battery material business may be one of the main underpinnings of profit. The company’s lithium battery material is projected to grow at an average annual rate of 39 per cent over the next five years.
Figure 40: Growth of lithium battery material in catl over the past three years and over the next five years
The Ningde era (300,750): committed to technology development will lead to the end, assuming that the four core materials of positives, negatives, electrolytes, diaphragms will be priced down by the following magnitude:
In the future, as the size of used and end-of-life batteries increases and the storage energy market rises, the company’s lithium battery material and storage battery business will become the second and third performance growth point. Internationally renowned car companies have entered into supply agreements, but have yet to deliver on a large scale, giving the company a 40-fold valuation in 2019.
The share price is $77.67, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating. New energy vehicles, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, are growing faster than expected, batteries are falling faster than expected, and raw materials prices are falling less than expected.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the Ningde era, which is dedicated to technological development, will be the end of the journey.
Yang Jom, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of portfolio research experience, good at capturing the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing of the research assistant.
Liu Hui Shau, Master of Chemical Industries, Shanghai Transport University, with six years of experience in the development of power cores, new energy and vehicle battery systems.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.