Power International (600027.sh) Public Services and the Environment Group, Fire and Power Dragons through Cycles, Asset Integration Rejuvenates
Shandong's electricity market is in the best position, and the price package required to transform coal power is well developed. In the larger context of energy transformation and electricity marketization reforms, Shandong is at the forefront of the country. 1 Shandong can monitor the disclosure of marketized capacity reimbursement for coal unit distribution across the province in 2023.
Market value (RMB): 5.76 yuan; by the end of 2022, the province-wide power grid had set a direct fire loader of about 60 million kilowatts (kW) at an estimated cost of 400 yuan/kw/year of power capacity in Shandong, which was the first to achieve participation in the spot market.
As of 3q24, the top four power companies in the direct-line public power plant of Shandong grid were HSG, HSG, ISG and Da Tang, with a target of 88.7 per cent for high sector concentration and full capacity compensation on the side of power generation.
The improvement of the price mechanism allows companies to avoid the volume price risk associated with a vicious competition in the electricity market.3 The new version of the Shandong Electricity Market Rules (pilot) regulates “pre-emptive behaviour of market forces”, introducing price regulation mechanisms while clarifying the time frame allowed for increased demand and supply constraints.
With sound market mechanisms in place, Shandong’s spot market for electricity can more accurately reflect the costs and supply of electricity and demand, and can be price-detected. Integrated operating costs can be more manageable, with a 25-year period of fire and electricity earning expected to continue to improve.
The volatility of performance stems from the difference between the price of coal and the rate of adjustment of electricity, and the excessive ratio of annual long-term electricity consumption makes it necessary at this stage to smooth fire performance in terms of both cost control and price transmission. Given that the Association relies on state-owned coal mine enforcement, the company has it as a company.
Resource advantage: 23 years Coal Coal Coal Coal is about 70%. Central level documents guide 25 years Coal Power is no less than 80% medium- and long-term contract electricity, and after the annual COA electricity price is signed, the company operates within the year assuming that when the average market price of coal is down to $780/ton, if the company's electricity price is on the Internet average, then the company's electricity price is on the Internet.
With a decrease of less than $14.5/mwh, the difference between the price of the fire and the price of the fire in 25 years is still expected to increase. Capital spending in the coal power sector is expected to slow after the 15th and long-term dividends are expected to rise.
The pressure on capital spending is significantly reduced when companies remove new energy generation assets from the group’s portfolio for new energy generation projects. The company’s charter specifies that when a company is in a state of maturity and has no significant financial expenditure arrangements, the cash share should not be less than 80%;
The impact of the acquisition of coal-fired conglomerates The cumulative share of net profits achieved in the years between listing and 2023 was around the right percentage The demand for electricity was below the expected price, the price of coal was below the expected price, and the share of coal was involved.
Mine, new energy generation projects perform less than expected, with a high risk of impairment of assets.
1.1 Departed from the former Shandong Power Group, the Deep Farm Power Market for 30 years The company was formerly known as Shandong International Power Development Co. Ltd. and was co-sponsored in 1994 by five sponsors, namely Shandong Electric Group (Saeng Dong Power) and Shandong International Trust Investment Corporation (Sandong State Shin).
In 2002, the State Council issued the Electricity Reform Programme (Wide No. 5), which followed the objective of the “Separation of the Network of Plants” by setting up five energy, power, electricity, and electricity-generation groups from the former National Electricity Corporation.
In April 2003, the China Electric Company was registered and the company’s share held by Shandong Electric was transferred to the China Electric Corporation; in the same year, the company changed its name to “China Electric International Co. Ltd.” and entered into an agreement with the Chinese Electric Group to acquire Sichuan Guangan, the head of the power grid.
The company went to Hong Kong in June 1999 and acquired the shares of the first two shareholders, Qingshima Corporation, Kwanya Corporation, and Lei City Power Plant.
Right: Shares were listed in February 2005. At the time of listing, the size of the holding power plant was 86.35 million kilowatts, all of which were coal-fired generators; of this, the size of the engine in Shandong Province was 86.1 per cent, and by the end of 2023, the company had a holding capacity of approximately 58448,000 kilowatts, with an average annual composite growth rate of 10.3 per cent over 19 years, with fixed asset sizes.
It is ranked fourth among the publicly listed fire and electricity companies. The power source types are increasingly diversified, and the share of clean energy has increased significantly - coal combustion, gas, hydroelectric power and storage capacity of 4675, 960 and 2.46 million kilowatts, respectively, with 20.5 per cent of clean energy installed; electricity assets are distributed throughout the country's 12 provinces, municipalities, autonomous regions and municipalities, including Shandong and Lake.
Figure 3: Company coal combustion, gas gas, hydroelectric loaders up to 1h24. Figure 4: Change in size of company-controlled electric chargers (left axis: thousands of kilowatts, right axis: per cent)
On 19 July, the company announced its intention to purchase 80% of the shares held by the controlling shareholder, Hua Tetsu Energy Co. Ltd., through the distribution of general stock and cash acquisition group fire power assets located in Jiangsu, Shanghai, Guangdong, etc.
Right, Fujian Watsin Energy Development Co. Ltd. holds 51 per cent of the shares in Shanghai Electric and New Energy Co. Ltd., 100 per cent of the shares in Shanghai Electric Power Bank Energy Co. Ltd., 55 per cent of the shares in Guangzhou University City Power and New Energy Co. Ltd., 55 per cent of the shares in China Electric and New Guangzhou Energy Co. Ltd., 70 per cent of the shares in China Electric and New Jiangmen Energy Co. Ltd., and China Electric and New China.
The acquisition of 100% of the shares of Qing Fare Energy Co. Ltd., as well as the Chinese power plant owned by the China China Power Company Ltd., will increase the capacity of listed companies by about 27.2%, which is about 1.32 million yuan, corresponding to pb. The transaction price is around 4.80 billion yuan worth of long-term debt.
The sum of $7.170 billion, the company plans to pay $3.43 billion in shares and $3.74 billion in cash. Approximately 6.2 per cent of the total equity of the company will be used to finance the two-by-six60,000 kilowatt coal unit expansion project at the China Telescope, to pay the cash counter price of the transaction, agency fees and related taxes.
At the end of 2023, the holding shareholders had delivered non-listed conventional energy assets of approximately 6,367,000 kilowatts, representing about 108.2 per cent of the size of the company ' s holdings, in order to effectively address competition among peers, the controlling shareholder of the company, China H.C., committed itself to using the provincial (or regional) unit of non-listed conventional energy generating assets in the same province (or region)
By the end of 2023, the total size of the conventional energy assets in China that had been shipped to China by the end of the year amounted to approximately 63,67 million kW, less the 7m24 announced acquisition contract.
With approximately 47,69 million kilowatts remaining after 15,977 kilowatts of power generation assets, accounting for 63.8 per cent of the total stock-loading after the company's acquisition, there is considerable scope for potential build-up as a result of future stock-holder asset injections. 1.2 Good quality of power-generating assets.
By the end of 2023, the company had 19.4 per cent of coal-fired generators, and 43.1 per cent of 600,000 kW-grade units, the company’s main unit. Of 600,000 kW-grade units, subcritical, supercritical and super-high.
The main reason for this is that one company has a relatively high CHP unit, while two companies have a relatively high CHP unit of 600,000 kilowatts (kW) or more of a large, efficient cleaning unit. The company has a higher CHP unit than the national electricity. In 2023, the company completed the CHP unit separately from the national electricity unit.
The ratio of heat to electricity generated by the company is significantly higher than the national electricity, indicating a higher share of the cogeneration of heat in the company's fire-loading machines. On the one hand, the cogeneration unit will remove the steam from the condensed condensation for heating, reducing the amount of steam it produces.
Heat energy loss: In addition, heating operations can also serve as a source of coal consumption for power supply operations. According to the Tianjin Development Area Management Council Policy Services Platform, the company ' s full-scale production in 2023 of 3 heat power plants at Tianjinnan Harbour, with up to 87% heat efficiency of the supercritical double pumping reheating back pressurers, has a significantly lower standard coal consumption of 153 g/kwh.
The ratio of heat supply to electricity generated by fire is similar to that of the company, suggesting a higher share of large, advanced coal machines of 600,000 kW and above.
By the end of 2023, the company and HCI fleets of 600,000 kW and above had accounted for 62.4% and 55.5% respectively.
Figure 8: The lowest power consumption among comparable companies in 2023. Figure 9: The national electricity supply of 600,000 kilowatts among comparable companies in 2023.
Figure 10: In 2023, among comparable companies, the ratio of heat supply to electricity generated by fire was highest.
The company’s main business is the production and marketing of electricity, with electricity generating revenues remaining at around 80% of the total revenue in the last five years, depending on the amount of electricity that goes online and the price of electricity that goes online, and since 2021, the amount of electricity generated has been growing at double prices. In 2021, the demand for electricity for the whole of society was high, with the company completing electricity on the Internet at 218.82 billion kilowatts (kW) in the same year.
By the end of 2021, “Ment 1439” was introduced, which explicitly limits the price of coal electricity on the Internet to 20% of the price of the base price, and does not limit the price of the market transactions. With the increase in the price of electricity, companies increased their electricity on the Internet by the same amount in 2022, resulting in an increase of 1.21% on the same basis, offsetting the impact of a decline in the price of electricity on the Internet, with a marginal increase of 0.7% in the revenue from electricity generation.
1h24, affected by the surge in renewable energy generation and the demand for electricity from fire, fell by 6.0 per cent and 3.3 per cent respectively, respectively, and by 9.0 per cent, respectively, in the revenue from power-delayed power generation.In 2021, the company sold Shanximong Energy Investment Co. Ltd. (“Mowhua”) as a whole, resulting in 2022
The annual coal sales revenue decreased significantly by 87.1 per cent, from 11.1 per cent to 1.4 per cent. According to the Province-wide Notice on Production Capacity for Coal Production issued by the Shanxi Energy Agency, by the end of December 2020, the four controlled coal mines under the banner of Maowhua had a combined capacity of 5.7 million tonnes/year: 900,000 tonnes/year of coal from the Pear Gardens and the Eastern Coal Minerals, and 900,000 tonnes/year from the White Sea Coal Mines and
According to the company ' s bulletin of 27 August 2021 on the preparation for impairments, four of the company ' s coal mines have suffered long-term losses, with the exception of a few periods of high coal prices, since they were put into production; but since they were put into production and sold, they have been the company only.
Some are producing controlled coal mines, which put a long-term pressure on the Māori ratio of the coal sales business. 10m22 Inner Mongolia's Toonishin Energy Company Ltd. (“Wachtung Rishing”), which is controlled by the company, started production of the boom open-air mine; in November of the same year, the scale of the construction of the mine increased from 3 million tonnes/year to 5 million tonnes/year. 2023, 1h24, 2023, 1h24.
Figure 12: Since 2021, the increase in revenue generated by the MVD Power Generation Company The Māori ratio of the company’s power generation and heating operations is related to the negative price of coal, and the Māori rate of the coal sales business is positively related to the cost of coal. Given the fuel costs associated with both power generation and heating, we combine the two operations to calculate the Māori rate.
Since electricity and heat pricing mechanisms are far less marketable than coal and natural gas, the company’s power generation and heating operations have largely reversed the fuel price. Coal-fired generators account for a higher proportion of the company’s controlled installed capacity, so that changes in fuel costs are largely driven by changes in coal prices. In 2022, the company’s power generation and heating operations were dominated by changes in coal prices.
The increase in the Māori rate is the same as the price of coal, owing to two factors: the significant increase in the price of electricity on the Internet following the introduction of message No. 1:1439; and the increase in the coverage of the company's electricity and coal association, supported by a price stabilization policy, which significantly lowers the cost of fuel. Conversely, the cost of coal production is relatively fixed relative to the price of coal, so the majority of the Māori rate of the company's coal sales operations
The price of coal has changed. In 2020, in a “11/11” major water overflowing incident at the 10,000-source coal mine, four of the Maunghua-owned coal mines were asked to stop production and have not resumed production as of the date of sale, resulting in a reverse change in the Māori rate and the price of coal for the company's coal sales operations in 2021.
Figure 14: Fuel costs as a percentage of company operating costs over the past five years Figure 13: Corporate power generation and heating are related to a negative coal price, and sales of coal are related to a positive coal cost
From 2006 onward, the company’s investment returns on total profits were linked to coal prices for a long time; after the divestment of new energy assets in 2021, the return on investment significantly increased its contribution to the company’s total profits.
Coal and Power Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Co. Coal Coal Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co.
The approved Great Wall 3 and the Great Wall 5 mining contribution. Both are open-air mines, which began production in 2021, when the supply of coal was strained: in 2023, however, production was halted, as a result of the tightening of surveillance and related incomplete production procedures, with a return of only $420 million on investment in coal mines throughout the year.
The loss of new energy assets in 2021 and the transfer of green power operating revenues from major profits to investment returns have led to a sharp narrowing of the gap between the Māori rate and net interest rates. According to the 2021 annual report, the company contributed $21.54 billion to the capital build-up of shareholders’ subsidiaries in the new development, valued at $13.86 billion for 27 new energy companies and $7.69 billion in cash.
In addition, the company sells some of the shares and assets held indirectly by the new energy company at a maximum value of $2.21 billion to the new development. According to the Associated Transactions Proclamation of 28 October 2021, the Department intends to sell the new energy assets, the new energy equity and the 81 new ones at a total price of about RMB 5.290 billion.
Pre-energy projects; according to the annual report 2021, the final transaction value of the companies and assets involved in the above transactions was 56.100 billion yuan. 2023, 1h24, investment returns from the new energy source of company equity, 25.9 million and 2.95 billion, respectively.
Increase, mainly from the Great Wall Three and the Great Wall Five (millions of dollars) to investment returns, the difference between the Māori rate and the net interest rate has narrowed considerably.
The Great Wall's three mines, the Great Wall's five mines.
Silver Star Coal, Dragon Beach Coal Power, Shandong Power Market, with the full complement of price mechanisms required for coal power transformation.
The “14th Five” energy clean-up transition has accelerated and pushed electricity market reform has continued to deepen. The direct objective of electricity reform is to reconcile electricity supply and demand, and the fundamental objective is to provide users with safe, affordable and clean low-carbon electricity.
Looking back at the three major electricity reform nodes of the past, which were directly due to the conflicting demand for and supply of electricity and the need for market access, the medium- and long-term course of electricity restructuring was defined in the State Council's Electricity Reform Programme (the “Wide No. 5”) in 2002 as a four-step reform of the electricity system: separation through the network of plants, separation of main sponsors, separation of distributions and competition for access to the Internet.
A competitive electricity market is being built. The direct trigger is a two-basket water-disposal event – an over-indebtedness rate during the construction of the two-basket power plant, the price of electricity on the Internet approved under the then debt service policy is higher than the average price of electricity consumed by the country’s urban residents, and there is a problem of access to the Internet.
In 2015, the Central Chinese Communist Party and the State Council, in their Opinions on Further Deepening the Restructuring of the Electricity System (No. 9), proposed reforms that include the liberalization of power generation programmes, the liberalization of electricity prices, and the liberalization of the distribution of electricity. The context for the electricity revolution was the decline in demand since 2012;
In 2008-2011, coal-fired electric power units invested in the power shortage cycle were brought into production and the supply and demand of electricity was generally relaxed, creating favourable conditions for the construction of competitive electricity markets. “No. 1439” of 2021, which specified that coal-fired power generation was, in principle, fully marketed and generated by coal-fired electricity.
Market-trading price volatility is in principle not to exceed 20%, and high energy consumption prices are not subject to a 20% upward trend. The power switch was triggered by stress on electricity supply and demand throughout the country in 2021, due to strong export demand, extreme weather events, and stress on the supply and demand of coal.
Energy policy is typical of multi-target decision-making, so there is a “triangular impossibility” theory in the field of energy, that energy use is safe, clean, low-carbon, affordable (economic) and unattainable. But for our country, whether in terms of energy security, economy, or cleanness, it is a major push to transform energy structures and build new ones.
Electricity systems are a necessary option: the manufacturing of new energy-generating equipment is highly domesticated and sufficiently secure to supply and should be safe: with technological advances, new energy generation has a cost advantage over fire power. Large-scale applications of renewable energy require electricity as a medium, while new energy sources are intermittent and unpredictable.
Measurability. A high proportion of new energy access poses a challenge to the safe operation of the power system. The two power shortages in 2021 and 2022 are rooted in the energy policy of 2011-2020, which seeks to improve cleanness while maintaining the economy of energy use, and the “no possibility triangle” theory suggests that the security of the energy system is bound to decline.
Figure 22: Energy improbable triangles show that the construction of new power systems was accompanied by a critical year in 2023 when electricity supply and demand conflicts were shifted from guaranteed supply to new sources of energy. In 2023, the country produced 4.66 billion tons of raw coal, compared with 160 million tons; coal imports amounted to 4.7 billion tons, compared with 1.8 per cent.
The increase in the supply of coal, both domestic and foreign, has helped to balance the supply of and demand for coal across the country, with an average price of about $966 per kilocalories per kilogram of power coal on the island of Qin, or $302 per tonne per kilogram. In the same year, the country ' s new energy load was nearly 300 gw, and renewable energy (excluding pumping) has historically exceeded coal power.
The accelerated transformation of the energy structure has had a profound impact on the country's electricity supply and demand situation. The new energy-rich areas and load-rich regions have been misaligned regionally, at peaks of effort and at peaks of load time, and the future national electricity supply and demand situation will coexist over time with the features of “broad, tight power”.
and regulatory capacity, which, on the one hand, is required to meet peaks of supply during periods of power peaks when renewable energy sources are understretched