The output of the components has increased significantly, with large-scale products increasing 31.34 per cent and eps 0.34 per cent compared with the increase in the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• The output of the components increased by 79.80 per cent in the same year, and the performance of the market was expected. In the first half of the year, the output of the components exceeded the output of the company by 10.50gw, a significant increase of 79.80 per cent compared to the same period last year. The business of the components achieved an external sales revenue of $155.3 billion, an increase of 80.23 per cent.
The business Māori rate is 10.75%, a decrease of 3.45 pp from the previous year. The business Māori rate for the 21q2 component is 12.00%, and the ring q1 is an increase of 3.06 pp, mainly due to the increase in battery self-supply, the decrease in the cost of 210 products, and good corporate cost-control capabilities. Given the significant increase in the volume of goods, the foreign exchange hedging is an investment.
Out of this, the company distributed photovoltaic operating prototype system delivered more than 500 mw and generated operating income of 1.732 billion yuan, representing a Māori rate of 19.83 per cent. 210 components delivered nearly 50 per cent of the total, further improving the large-scale production-capacity layout.
By the same time, a large number of production projects, such as the Viet Nam Base Battery and Component Project, the Salt City Battery and Component Project, and the Rotation Efficient Battery Project, have been rapidly constructed to ensure that the company ' s leading product is fit for production. Battery is expected to be ready by the end of this year.
• Continuous research and development of inputs for the next generation of battery technology. The company's output of 166 batteries and 210 batteries has reached 23.40% and is actively developing the next generation of battery technology.
At a rate of 24.5%. New test wires have been built for the 210-sized Topcon battery at 500mw. The salt city 16gw high-efficiency solar cell project and the accommodation 2nd 5gw project are reserved for the topcon interface, and the housing 3rd to 8gw project uses the topcon process.
In terms of technology, the company is in the process of certifying the 210-sized hjt component. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
For the first time, a “holding” rating of 50.08 per cent was covered. 1 Global Photovoltaic Component Dragon, Smart Energy Lead, over 20 years in the field of deep-drawn photovoltaics and grew back to a great career.
Inspired by the Kyoto Accord and the US Phenomenal Million Roofing Program, the company’s chairman, Mr. Goo Kifan, founded the company Trinity. From its inception, the company built its first photovoltaic building in the country, participated in the West Light Project and installed 39 photovoltaic power stations in Tibet. In 2004, the company’s first component line was built and put into production, opening up the European market to globalisation.
In 2017, after retreating from the United States of America, the company became a global cluster champion, focusing on the distribution of its business, with the “Friends of Heaven” and “Blue Sky” becoming unique brands. In 2020, the company returned to the accelerator, with 22gw at the end of the year.
After the financing problem, the company will be able to grow again in 2021: by the end of 2021, the battery capacity will reach 35gw, the component capacity will exceed 50gw, and the output structure will be further optimized.
With 15.3% of the stockholdings of Jiangsu Chakyi Investments Ltd., Mr. Goifan is a stockholder, investing in 100% of the holdings, so that the Chairman of the Board, Mr. Goifan, holds 32.3% of the company’s shares through direct and indirect ownership, is the firm’s actual controlling person and ultimate beneficiary. A stable equity structure is the necessary guarantee for the company’s continued robust operation.
We have seen a rapid growth in the distribution of light-voltage machines, which are used by households under the State ' s supplementation policy. After the effects of the 2020 epidemic, our distribution machines have grown rapidly, with 15.52gw installed throughout the year, an increase of 27.2 per cent compared to the previous year.
Households continue to show heat in the market and resilience in the face of rising prices of their components. Except in February, when the same data was imbalanced over the past year, the rest of the monthly loads grew at an average rate of 100% more than the same time in January-July, as a result of last year’s epidemic.
7.6gw, an increase of 163 per cent over the same period. We believe that the trend of increasing domestic capacity has been sustained in the short term under the state supplemental stimulus, with an unprecedented degree of “state-wide push” and a wider potential for future distributed space. On 20 June 2021, the National Energy Agency officially launched a national roof-distributed photovoltaic development pilot (hereinafter referred to as “district-wide push”) in the entire county.
To date, 24 provinces and municipalities in the country have put in place a pilot programme for the whole of the county. We believe that the whole county will be put on a pilot basis for the party's organs and public buildings.
Development led by a demonstration effect, building on experience with large-scale and high-scale distributed roof photovoltaic development, and building the foundations of a full-scale roof distribution for follow-up locations, with a wider potential for later roof distribution.
Long-term strategies are clear, distributed brands and product start-up effects. In 2016, the company set up a strategy to develop distributed groups, and the Million Photovolt roofs project was launched in 2017. After years of distributed branding, the company now owns two brands, namely, “Boy of Sky” for household use and “Boy of Sky” for business distribution.
The Division is fully committed to building a branding concept for the original photovoltaic system to ensure that the system is optimally matched, with visual monitoring from production to installation to transport. For the "Blue Sky" brand, companies are guided by customizing the original business system, providing a multi-dimensional service that includes a full-covered original e finance program and a life-cycle smart-width service.
The company introduced a distributed high-power component of 400w “The Greatest Gold Kong” 210, with advantages such as fashion beauty, small shape, power up 30-60w and multi-facade mbb technology, as well as multiple power and conversion efficiency products for user selection.
The product is more toc-based and requires long-term distribution channels and high-quality after-sales services to build customer branding. From the county level, the individual distributors, and 15,000 township service points, are leading the industry in terms of channel and end-coverage coverage.
Good. We believe that, in the context of the 2021 ADRC system, which ensures that new 15gws are installed in the household, the provincial and municipal distribution of light-voltage “swipes” and the continuous growth of overseas distribution, companies will build up their annual brands, channels and products in distributed areas, with distributed components expected to grow rapidly. The distribution of 7-8gw is expected in 2021, accounting for the total target.
The output of the components has progressed steadily, and the expansion of capacity is expected to guarantee future capacity to deliver, and maintain and raise the market rate. According to Pvinfolink, global output of the components has been rising since 2018, with the second highest volume of 2021h1.
Gradually shut down, the new and old-age structure was optimized, and by the end of the year the component ' s total capacity was about 53gw, battery capacity gw, and the integration process was raised from about 38% in 2020 to 70% in 2021. By the size of the large-sized component, by the end of the 21st year the department will have 210 large-sized capacity of about 40gw and 210 large-sized capacity of the entire industry, making it 210 components.
With the advantage of the nclave experience, the company is based on R & D, unifying the feeder channels, tracking the scaffolding operations to cross-border development. After the acquisition of nclave, the company increases its R & D investment and maintains a technological lead in the tracking scaffolding area. In the product structure, the company ' s products are currently designed using multiple reverse drive systems and exclusive patented third-generation spherical bearings.
Uplifting transmission efficiency and terrain adaptation also strengthens the frame structure and avoids structural deformation. During the June 2021 snec exhibition, the company released a White Paper on Wind Engineering Research based on super-power component applications, which is based on authoritative wind-tunnel testing data, continuously optimizes product design, and seeks to promote standardization in the domestically tracked feeder industry.
The Division combines its own resource endowments in more than 100 countries and regions around the world, and promotes a comprehensive approach to tracking the use of feeders in power stations, leading to high-quality cross-cutting development. In 2019, the company’s target for tracking feeders moved to 4gw, as measured by volume and global city coverage.
Assumption 1: the company ' s production capacity is delivered as scheduled and the projected output of the components is 28gw, 40gw, 50gw over the next three years, assumption 2: the beneficial tracking of the boost of frame penetration of photovoltaic system products, the promotion of distributed photovoltaic policies throughout the country, and future scenario 3: the steady growth of power stations, smart energy operations and the stability of other operations.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we predict the cost of sub-business income for the company in 2021-2023 as follows: We have selected four companies in the photovoltaic industry as comparable companies, with four companies averaging 52.30 times the average per cent in 2021. In the first half of the year, the output of the company ' s components increased significantly on a year-on-year basis and jumped to the second highest level in the industry, with 210 products reaching close to 50% by the end of the year.
210 large-sized capacity accounts for more than 70 per cent of the ratio and is actively deployed totopcon, hjt next-generation battery technology. We expect that the corporate net profit compound growth rate for the next three years will be 50.08 per cent, with the first “holding” rating to be covered. Table 4: Comparable company valuations
1) the risk of failure to deliver the company ' s capacity; 2) the risk of higher prices of raw materials being higher than expected: 3) the risk of United States trade policy;
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.