The component profit supermarket is expected to grow with distributed photovoltaic systems, 25th of 2021, research assistant Wong Yi-ho.
Half-yearly, business income was 20,188 million yuan in the first half of 2021, an increase of 60.91 per cent in the same year; and a net return of 706 million yuan, an increase of 43.17 per cent in the same year. The large increase in profitability was mainly due to higher prices for photovoltaic components, rapid growth in overseas exports, larger sizes and higher distribution ratios, and higher profitability expectations.
Business income of $17,248 million, or 91 per cent more, was the second largest global output of 10.5gw in the first half of the year, with high prices; 2) rapid growth in overseas exports, with high overseas prices and higher profitability; 3) rising large-scale ratios, with continuous improvement in product composition; and 4) higher distribution ratios, which contributed to structural improvements in profitability.
The conversion efficiency industry is leading, and the n-size battery technology is being validated. The company ' s 166 and 210 perc batteries have achieved a production efficiency of 23.40%, the battery double-face rate has increased by 2.5%, the assembly double-face rate has increased by 1.3%, and the product index has reached industry leadership levels.
Large-scale hjt reliability research is in the process of authenticating the components.  The accelerated integrated layout of the expansion, with a strengthened leader status, is expected to have 35gw, 50gw, by the end of 2021, with the same ratio as +180%, +125%, and the rate of integrated battery assemblies is increased to 70%.
With low cost, strong profitability, and a stronger leader, the distributional photovoltaic system is growing brightly, with high profitability becoming a new performance dynamic. 2021h1 has achieved a rapid growth in the share of the former home-based photovoltaic system, the “Friends of Sky” and the former business-based photovoltaic system, the “Blue Sky” city, where goods are delivered.
Over 500mw. With the same increase of 300% in the volume of domestic photovoltaics, mainly as a result of rapid growth in the domestic domestic market, with the addition of domestic photovoltaics in January-July 7.65gw, a 157% increase, we expect new domestics this year to reach 18gw+, a 78% increase.
The model is over 100gw, and the company has a deep-farming product and a full-flow service in its distributed smart energy business, and has expanded to industry areas such as bipv, which will fully benefit from district-wide advancement and accelerated household market growth potential.  Tracking the silos and power station operations is robust, opening up new storage space for intelligent energy.
The staircase delivers several major projects, delivering more than 500 mw, but is at the bottom of the profit due to the rapid rise in steel prices, with demand starting in the second half of the year + increased penetration of the tracking staircase, and we expect that the profit will be restored.
Intelligent energy business, companies are steadily building core storage capacity, and are actively engaged in domestic and foreign market sales and layouts. High overseas growth is expected to be 2021-04- Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Based on the favourable landscape of the photovoltaic industry, we raise profit expectations.
The year was 19.33/2790/3559 million, an increase of 68.6 per cent, 72.1 per cent, or 27.1 per cent, corresponding to an annual quarterly performance forecast for ps: strong profitability, high overseas growth 2021-2021-
Annual report: 20 years of q4 profit boom, semi-annual report, operating income of $20.188 billion in the first half of 2021, an increase of 60.91 per cent in the same year; net interest rate of 4.08 per cent, a decrease of 0.75 per cent in the same year, an increase of 1.38 per cent in the ring.
Overseas exports are growing rapidly, with larger sizes and distribution ratios rising, and profitable supermarkets are expected. 2021h1 company group operations generated $17,248 million, an increase of 91 per cent, the second highest volume of output in the world in the first half of the year, with 2021q2 overseas shipments of 4gw, an increase of 73.9 per cent; and half-yearly deliveries of 1.5gw on the United States market, with high overseas prices, are profitable.
In the second half of the year, industrial demand was high, company output was raised by 15% in July, and we were able to achieve effective capacity in August.
Quick improvement: 1) Company's firm 210 route, with new capacity, is expected to lead the conversion efficiency industry in the second half of the year, and N-size battery technology is being validated. The company's 166 and 210 perc batteries have achieved 23.40% productivity, the battery double-face rate has increased by 2.5%, the assembly double-face rate has increased by 1.3%, and product targets have been met.
To industry leaders. With respect to new technologies, the company ' s Topcon battery laboratory produced 24.5 per cent of the maximum battery output efficiency and built a new test line in a 210-sized Topcon battery; in addition, the company has completed research on the reliability of 210-sized hjt and is in the process of authenticating the components.
By the end of 2021, we expect the company to have 35gw, 50gw, or +180%, +125%, and the battery component to be 70% integrated. The new expansion capacity is strong for profitability, and the leadership is strengthened.
Distributed photovoltaic systems are growing brightly, with high profitability becoming a new performance dynamic. 2021h1 has seen a rapid increase in the share of the former home-to-house photovoltaic systems, the “Boy-to-Toy” and the original business-based photovoltaic systems, the “Blank-to-Toy-Toy” market, which have produced more than 500 mw. Households use photovoltaic systems to produce more than 300% more than the same time, largely thanks to rapid growth in the domestic household market, January-July.
With the same increase of 157%, we expect 18gw+ and 78%+ for new domestic servers this year. Looking back, the country as a whole is pushing big supermarkets, and we expect the total size to be over 100gw, with companies expanding to business areas such as bipv to fully benefit the whole county.
Following up on the staircases and the power plant operations, creating new storage space for intelligent energy. During the first half of 2021, companies tracked the staircases to deliver a number of major projects, more than 500 mw, but because of the rapid rise in steel prices, there was no profit.
At the bottom of the profit base, demand starts in the second half of the year – and tracking the penetration of the staircases – we expect that the profits will be restored. Photovoltaic systems, corporate power stations are moving steadily, and domestic development targets for nearly 1.5gw power plants have increased significantly since last year.
The three-fee control capacity has stabilized and the cost rate has decreased by 1.18 percentage points over the period: the company has focused on the R & D layout and, as of that date, sales costs have increased mainly as a result of: the main photovoltaic component, the corresponding increase in the volume of products sold for the system, the increase in the premium, the salesperson bonus and the corresponding increase in the cost of share payments; the increase in management costs is mainly due to the increase in the cost of management.
Increases in the payment of bonuses and share shares; increases in financial costs, mainly due to higher exchange losses; and increases in research and development fees, mainly due to a corresponding increase in research and development inputs.
Figure 12: End-of-cycle inventory (in billions of yuan) Profit projection and investment rating: based on the favourable landscape of the photovoltaic industry, we raise profit expectations. We, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already have a securities investment advisory committee.