Shanxi Wine Study.
What's the source of the wine? Shanxi, the Chinese one, we think he's based on what seems to be a bit of a vanity, but in fact not to be ignored by history and culture.
40 years ago, the great kings were branded among generations; the poet Du Xinjiang's verse, “I ask where the winers are, and the shepherds refer to the village of almonds”; the history of winemaking in the village of almonds, dating back to 6,000 years ago, to the time of the Three Emperors and Five Emperors; in 1915, the nation of Panama.
Expositions, prizes and medals; thick historical deposits, which build a vast moat of moats. Market value of circulation (millions of dollars): Revival of wine and reform of State enterprises, how do you understand?
Before the reform of the wine industry, profits jumped to $1.939 billion in 2013-2019. So, the reform of the wine industry is different.
The axe, which is human, is that the State Finance Committee of Shanxi Province focuses on a single director of the Li Qiuxi Group, who is fully energized by full decentralization and the use of a team system at the operating level; the second axe, which is an incentive to sign three years of regular pay, is that Mr. Li Qiuxi promised that “I will resign if the mission is not completed”.
We have seen two axes come down, and the running of the wine has changed, and we have now entered the fast track of development. At the end of 2021, Chairman Yuan Qing-moo picked up the rod, in the first full year, in 2022, the forecast income + 30% of the wine was rapidly revived, and increased in the south of the Yangtze.
In our view, the most important thing is that the wine is essentially "recovering the landless land of the south" + the key window.
But the company's strategic error of the 1990s in the "Word to Wine" and the overlap of the 1998 Shanxi case with the fish had caused the company to fall out of the head of the liquor company, which in the 1990s and the 1990s and the 1990s, had retreated from the national map to Shanxi and beyond, 2016.
Annual income rankings have fallen to industry 7. But, in the 1980’s, young people who were over the age of 50 and over the age of 30 are now over the age of 60, and the powerful branding of that year is still in the minds of today’s opinion leaders, a quick recovery of wine.
Hing, and being able to take the lead south of the Yangtze River, is essentially a “recovering the land with its roots,” which is different from the risk of attacking the city from zero. With the reform of state companies in 2017, the wine actually captures the key “time, land, people, and so on.”
The company is China’s Qing Qing Qingqiang, its history and culture are deep, the state’s reform dynamics continue to be released, and the recovery south of the Yangtze is accelerating. We expect the company to return to its mother in 2022/2023/2024.
The risk of fluctuations in consumption scenes, out-of-the-way expansion, food safety risks.
The company is located in Xiaoyang City, Shanxi Province, where history has been made for more than 6,000 years.
One of the standard-setters is Qingixiang, who is an outstanding representative of the white wine of the Qingixiang brand, whose core is a single product, such as “single flower” and “bobba,” which is widely appreciated by consumers, and which is known as a health-care provider. The company adheres to the quality route of “boiling wine, storing old wine, selling wine, and selling wine,” and seeks to refine its products.
The father of Qing Xiangixiang, who has a unique brewing technique of "stealing of fermented, freshly evaporated tanks" and using a grade pottery for storage. As early as 1500 years ago, the wine was promoted as a court wine by the Emperor of the North, and recorded in the history of the twenty-fourth century.
In 1915, the wine was awarded the first prize at Panama's Fair of Nations. Because of its long-standing culture, tradition has made history and Qingixiang's outstanding qualities, the wine is known as “the source of the wine of the nation, the father of the Qingixiang”.
In 1949, the company's predecessor was set up as a wine factory in the village of Shanxi, where wine and bamboo-leaf wine became wine for the opening ceremony. At the first to fifth national review meetings, the association was called the "China-owned wine" five times. In 1993, it was reorganized as a wine group in the village of almonds, which produced wine in the same year.
The company has a production base of more than 11,000 acres, a base of more than 1.2 million acres, and sales of more than 150,000 litres of alcohol and nearly $20 billion in sales throughout the year.
Figure 2: The company and its predecessor were honoured with 1.2 Chinese wines, entered the country and changed the new era, and the company was branded five times as a guilder and was honoured with a number of things.
In 1952, at the country's first evaluation conference, he became one of China's top four. Since then, he has been named as one of China's top four. He has also been awarded Chinese wine three times in a row and has received five international gold prizes. In 1986, he received the National Quality Management Award, and in 1988, he adopted a product.
In August 1993, the State-run almond village wine factory was reorganized into an autonomous, self-financing corporate organization, the Shanxi village wine company (the group); the same year, the company was founded in the same year.
In January 1994, the company was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.