A new cycle of growth begins with the head of gin and white wine, food drinks and white wine ii. Shanxi wine: a national brand of gin and wine, and state-owned reforms drive companies to grow.
In 2017, the company began three years of state reform, from management, equity incentives, product structures, etc., to nationalization: Shanxi Province's basics are solid, and national expansion opens up room for performance growth. Shanxi's wines are crowded.
There is a solid intra-provincial base, with the provincial city of Gao taking over, the fragrant barrier and the Matthews effect, offering support for nationwide expansion, the talent ladders, and the promotion of pan-regionalization of the Qing fragrances. In the context of nationalization, the company re-opened its national expansion in 2017, with an earlier focus on the three ring blocks, successfully shaped.
After that, the company expanded the opening of the market south of the Yangtze, with the prospect of a third increase in high-end: deepening the strategy of “high and medium-high, controlled bottom” and raising the structure of the product with the amount of green flowers. At thousands of local prices, the company achieved a price of 3 billion by 2022.
At the lower end of the scale, the company has taken the initiative to cultivate 20 singles of green flowers and direct the current through the bouncing channels. At the waist, the company has promoted a faster increase in the Panamanian series in the market around the mountain west, with a long, old white series or an orderly upgrade. At the lower end, the company has taken the initiative to control the growth of the bovine.
In the future, the company, under its strategy of “drawing high and holding the bottom,” is moving ahead in an orderly manner with the national expansion of the Saffron series, which is expected to raise the share of the high- and middle-level camps to 70%. The growth space is: a new growth pole in the south of the Yangtze market outside the province, and a 30-year national expansion in the Renaissance.
Open up the growth space. From product structural upgrades and regional expansion, we measure the end of the 14th dimension of the wine. "The high-quality harvest of the wine in Shanxi (600809.sh) and 2022, the high-growth space in 2023: 1) sub-region, introducing a market maturity model, with structural upgrading in the province.
Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) - Three quarters of high performance, nationalization of Qinghua, continued growth of the market around Shanxi on the south side of the Yangtze River, expected to reach about $43 billion in the year 2025. 2) Sub-measurement, introduction of product life-cycle models, continued control of the bounties,
Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) - Nationalization of the Cinderella Series continues to be released, driving the 20th nationalization of the Xiaohua, the 30th Renaissance Department upgrade, the outside of the province & the repurchase growth, promising Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) - short-term performance is under pressure and positive for the future.
A second-growth curve was built with a stick of Xiaohua 20, which is expected to yield about $44 billion in the year 2025 in the liquor business. Shanxi wine (600809.sh) - a 70% growth in performance in the quarter, a strong saffron, and Shanxi wine as a standard for growth and certainty, is expected to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Shanxi Liquor: Qing Liquor Dragons entering the new brand rejuvenation program History: The state-owned reforms drive the initial success of Qing Qiang Lilong's rejuvenation.
Liquor was awarded a gold medal, such as the "A" medal at Panama's Grand Fair, and officially became a national feast in 1949, and was celebrated five times at the National Meeting as the "Round of the White Liquor Industry in China, the torch-bearer who passed on the Chinese wine culture, a textbook on the Chinese wine brewing technique and a witness to the Chinese white wine."
Development of living fossils of history.” In 1949-1993, Shanxi wine was built on the advantage of saliva-type expansion. In the planning economy, the country was relatively short of material, and the salami-type white wine, represented by salami, was produced with a high alcohol rate and a production cycle.
Short-term, low-food, and other advantages provide for a rapid expansion of productive capacity to meet the demand of the general consumer for “drinking wine.” In 1949, rum was proclaimed on the basis of the Yin Spring brewery and the German-boiled brewery, and in 1951 it moved to the old site of the Citadel Street in the village of Apricot West, setting the stage for its future expansion.
In 1962, the Liquor Qin Qin team led a pilot of Qin Liquor, which solved the problem of mixed white and black sediments in finished wines, and doubled the production of Quinoa. In 1985, it became the country's largest white wine student.
Production base, over 8,000 tons per year, representing half of the country's 13 famous white wines.