Quarterly review 2021: Volatility of industry demand + raw materials Increased cost, short-term performance over three quarters
(a) The event: the company published its three-quarter report in 2021, which generated 54,427 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2021, compared to 20.30 per cent in the second quarter of the year;
According to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Mechanics, the domestic excavator industry sold 555,000 units in July-September 2021, i.e. 16% of the same; the crane industry sold 1971, i.e. 51% of the same. The company’s fistworks, concrete and cranes, fluctuated more during the third quarter, mainly today.
In July of this year, six regulations were changed in countries where heavy fuel vehicles were used, and five pre-q3 industries cleaned up their stocks, pre-empting part of the market demand. The effect of entering into a four-quarter environmental swap is expected to diminish gradually, leading to an improvement in the market demand ring.
The world’s largest up-and-back towers are offline, smart plant gravity boosters are emerging, consolidating the company’s position as the world’s premiere. The net operating cash flow of companies in the first three quarters of 2021 amounted to $4.634 billion, compared to +15.37%, the q3 overdue rate is slightly lower, and the industry’s return risk is lower.
▪ Diversity + internationalization contributes to new growth poles, looking at the company's medium- and long-term development prospects, income patterns, and re-engineering of the Central and Central Quasi Sections. The company's fists are currently heavy lifting machines, concrete machinery (both together accounting for 83% of total revenue in 2020), new and emerging business excavators, high-altitude platforms, high-end agricultural machines, and pre-development of Chinese and Chinese new materials.
In the first half of the year, companies exported +52%, cranes, high-capacity exports kept growing at a high rate, and globalization was advancing steadily. Market judgement: heavy events began in 2022, with concrete machinery under pressure.
The year and a half reviews: The profit margin is short-lived, and as the domestic wind and power boom continues and the overseas engineering and machinery market recovers, we expect the heavy-duty market to continue as of 2022. Given the tightening of downstream property, the potential impact of the decline in the area of new construction may be felt by concrete machinery.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: considering the impact of volatile industry demand and rising cost of raw materials, we're going to keep the "buy-in" rating at 8/6/5x.
East Wu Xinjun, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory committee