2023h1 performance exceeded expectations, and new energy clients were released in the near future. Event: 25 August 2023, Starwood issued a semi-annual performance announcement for 2023, company \triangleright
\triangleright versus +18.98 per cent, mainly due to the low base effect of the new power-driven growth in the revenue from the light business during the same period last year
End: 2023h1 achieves a net return to the mother of $467 million, i.e. +2.00 per cent; of these, 2023q2 achieves 17 vehicle-type light development projects and 2 vehicle-type e-development projects, and 36 new vehicle-type project batches, with sufficient hand orders to guarantee the company ' s performance on a continuous basis.
The smart lights are upgraded, and the client structure is improving immediately. 1) Addb has accelerated penetration, and the smartness of the lights continues to grow. About 9% of the traffic in 2022 is in the pre-accelerated import phase. As intelligence continues to advance, the smart lights are expected to accelerate their release. The company ' s adb lights have been produced in volume, based on dmd.
1. Starwood shares (601799.sh) depth report: Dlp lamp products for product upgrading technology are expected to be produced by the end of 2023, hd lamps based on microlled technology are expected to be produced in 2024, and intelligent products are well distributed.) The expansion of production is well under way.
Globalize the layout of the world. In terms of the domestic layout, work has begun on the third phase of the Fuosan Stars, Automobile Electronics and Lighting. 2. Stars (601799.sh) 3rd quarter 2022. Performance evaluation: 22q3 performance meets expectations, globalization helps.
The project has been 98% progressing and is gradually being put into use. According to the overseas layout, Serbian plants have been successfully operationalized with a capacity expansion of 2022/10/28 2022q4 and will in the future rely on a geographical advantage plus a labour cost advantage for the European mainframe plant.
3. Starwoo shares (601799.sh) reported performance in mid-2022 Radiation packages to speed up corporate global client layout. 3) Client structure shifts, with new energy clients on the spot.
In the midst of a wave of motor power, companies have made great efforts to develop new energy customers. New forces, Gilly, and China have now entered the traps of 2022/08/31 to select their cars and supply chains for some of the world’s well-known new energy companies. 2023h2, the new forces are entering a new replacement cycle.
At the same time, as the city’s noa function accelerates, it is expected that the experience of intellectual ability will continue to evolve and become the core competitiveness of the product. Noa’s new cycle of enabling + products is approaching, and the new energy clients of the Department are expected to accelerate their release, with improvements in their client structure in the immediate future.
Under this, companies accelerate their landings with a high-quality client structure and a deep technological build-up. Together with the expansion of autonomous new energy customers and new power customers, it is hoped that new energy release nodes will emerge, a “recommended” rating will be maintained, and the Māori rate will not recover as much as expected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.