Quarterly report for the third quarter of 2022 on the elimination of the new crown commercialization project.
The three-quarter report for 2022 was recently released by Pharmatin Condé: 2022q1-q3 realized revenue a share flow unit (million shares): increasing efficiency in utilization and operation, resulting from a significant increase in operating profits.
Crdmo and ctdmo business models are very powerful, and companies are rapidly developing their operations Sub-business: chemical operations generate more than $20.8 billion (year-on-year + 107 per cent), of which small molecular drug discovery (r) services generate nearly $5.4 billion (year-on-year + 36 per cent), process R & D and production (d&m) services
Over $15.4 billion (year-on-year +152 per cent); elimination of new crown commercial production projects, with a 38 per cent increase in revenues from chemical operations. In the first three quarters of 2022, 692 new molecules were added to chemical process development and production pipelines, including one new molecule in the commercialization phase, as of the end of 2022q3, chemistry
Operational services cover 2,123 new drug molecules, of which 53 are clinically iii phase, 288 are clinicalii phase and 44 have been approved for the market. Tests generated close to $4.2 billion (year-on-year + 25%), of which laboratory analysis and testing services earned over $3 billion (year-on-year + 35%), clinical coro and smo
The income is over 1.1 billion (+5% of the same year) and the drug safety evaluation business has increased by 49%.
In January-September 2022, the new molecules of the biological business plate were an important driver of the growth of the biological plate. The income from the cell and gene therapy business was over 900 million (year-on-year + 25%), with 44% growth in the test business and 54% growth in the process development business.
Chu Siping serves 67 projects, including 9 ii clinical pilot projects and 8 ii clinical trials. The National Department of New Medicines Development and Development Services earns less than $700 million (same as -28%), mainly as a result of business initiatives.
At the end of 2022, q3 companies cumulatively completed the ind declaration of 159 projects, one project was in the application phase, and five projects were in clinical trials during the iii period.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to be diligent, independent and objective in his professional attitude.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.