q3 performances maintained high 3-quarterly evaluation of Pharmacy Condolence (603259) 2022 incident: 3-quarterly report of 2022 issued by the company. In the first 3 quarters of 2022, the company achieved a total revenue of business.
q3. In 2022, q3, the company ' s gross operating income, net parent profit and net non-contribution profit grew by 77.76 per cent, 209.11 per cent and 143.31 per cent, respectively; of these, the chemical operations actually generated revenues of 1,572 million yuan, 689 million yuan and 306 million yuan, respectively.
In the chemical business, in the first three quarters of 2022, the company began to invest in the three phases of production of gmp, including:
A research and development centre and five production workshops. In July 2022, a new oligarchyc acid and multipolymer production building at the Changzhou base became fully operational, further upgrading large-scale production capacity.
At the same time, the Chinese headquarters in Wuhan was inaugurated and continued to expand the capacity of drug discovery services. In the third quarter of 2022, the company announced a plan for the construction of the Singapore base in Mide, Delaware, United States.
By the end of the third quarter, the company was building $8.109 billion, an increase of 49 per cent over the same period. The investment proposal is that the company is the world’s leading cxo enterprise, constantly optimizing and exploiting cross-platform industries.
To ensure synergy and accelerate the pace of globalization, to continuously strengthen the company ' s unique and integrated business model of crdmo (joint research, development and production) and to provide a real one-stop shop that meets client expectations, understaffing, risk of failure in drug research and development, loss of large clients, industry
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.