Growth accelerated in the third quarter and globalization continued to grow in the first three quarters of 2022. 1) In the first three quarters, the company is expected to achieve business income of $28.4 billion, an increase of 72 per cent over the previous quarter, and net profit returns of $7.4 billion for the mother, an increase of 107 per cent over the previous three quarters;
Net profit from non-repatriation is $6.2 billion, an increase of 101 per cent in the same year; adjusted net profit from non-repatriation is $6.8 billion, an increase of 78 per cent in the same year.) q3 quarter is expected to achieve business income of $10.6 billion, a decrease of $1.6 billion in the same year.
Growth 78%; net return to mothers 2.7 billion, or 209% over the same period; net profit to non-repatriate mothers 2.4 billion, with both earnings and profits slightly higher than expected. Income ends have continued to accelerate. Corporate incomes have increased at a rate of 71%, 66%, 78%, q3, respectively, in the first three quarters of the year.
2. High Performance Growth 2022h1 and Shanghai Operations in June (Shanghai affected by the Shanghai epidemic in the second quarter, with a decrease in the growth rate of regular operations) are projected to increase by 30 per cent over the same period.
The efficiency of operations is constantly being optimized, the productivity utilization is continuously increasing, and the economies of scale are becoming more visible. The company expects a net profit from the first three quarters, a net profit from the withdrawal, a net benefit from the adjustment of the non-ifrs, and a higher rate of increase in earnings than during the same period. The company continues to increase its profitability through continuous optimization of its operations.
Condolence Review, 2022.7.12 Rates, sustained increase in capacity utilization, which further demonstrates the scale effect 5. Shanghai Return, q2 Performance Guidance Super-expected -
At the demand end, there is a strong demand for global medical innovation, especially for new molecules, and for innovative therapies. Companies continue to strengthen uniquely integrated crdmo and ctdmo business models; and the epidemic continues to counter.
By 2024, it is expected that the global production profile of companies will reach 1.7 million m2, which is expected to support growth needs over the next five years.
The new crown epidemic increases risks, orders are not executed as much as expected, overseas regulatory risks, release risks, loss of nuclear technologists, protection risks, investment risks, exchange rate fluctuations, etc.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment