The new crown orders contributed to the increase, the growth of regular operations was robust, and the drug Ming Kandeh (603259) incident: the third quarter 2022 report was issued by Ming Condé and h shares were suspended.
Sustained healthy business development + commercialized orders brought strong cash flows and decided to terminate the h share increase plan. Profitability rose slightly and was expected to rise again throughout the year.
Marginal improvements. Deep excavation based on the unique crdmo and ctdmo business model requires a single quarterly recovery of 10 billion dollars, with multiple business synergies driving corporate development.
In the last three quarters, the company’s five main business spots were frequent: 1) chemical operations: 20.820 billion yuan (in comparison, r earned 5.39 billion yuan (+36.2% of the year), a robust front-end growth, and a new molecular outreach department.
Compared to +25.2 per cent, the heavy-pound technology Tesa has 38 evaluation projects. 5) ddsu plate: achieving the advanced model of crdmo&ctdmo drives long-term stable growth and elasticity. Company I \triangleright
The physicalization of the crdmo, ctdmo business model is improving, with 25.915 billion yuan (up from 83 per cent) in clients using multi-branch services in the first three quarters of 2022, representing 91 per cent of operating income, and we firmly appreciate the company ' s long-term development in the context of the continuous upgrading of the business model, while the company ' s long-term development is taking place.
New technologies, new molecular layouts provide long-term imagination.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing. Risk factors: increased competition in the industry, declining demand for research and development and outsourcing in the pharmaceutical industry, \triangleright in the country.
International policy risks, new business expansion, and so on. Stewardin, team member, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai University of Transport, worked clinically at ppc.c. and paraexel, joined the Credit Certificate in 2021, and was in charge of cxo industry research.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
Wu Xin, a member of the team, and a master’s degree in biomedical engineering at Shanghai Transport University, joined the Sindam Portfolio in April 2022, responsible for medical equipment and Chinese medicine plate research year, and for the trades in medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc. The components are not relevant, relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or opinions in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.