There has been a steady increase in the sale of kitchen food and a significant improvement in the performance of q4 companies 23 March 2025 Golden Dragonfish (stock code: 300999.sz)
The fall in the harvest was mainly due to the fall in the prices of the company ' s main products, which fell with the prices of major raw materials such as soybean and soybean oil, as well as the fall in profits due in part to the influence of the channel & product structure and increased competition in the industry.24
Kitchen food sales increased by 4 per cent on the same basis, with a slight increase in the Māori rate. 24 years of company kitchen food operations (1) retail: less than anticipated consumption and increased competition, with less profit during the same period. (2) Catering and food industry: companies are expanding the channel, and sales and profits are increasing on an equal basis.
The company has invested more in new projects in recent years, and in the long run it can consolidate its potential for development. Moreover, the company has continued to promote the Colombian eco-industrial chain, creating integrated food production parks, and making them fully operational.
Forage raw materials and fat technology have increased both in terms of profit and in terms of long-term trends. For 24 years, companies generated $91,639 million, or 10.37 per cent, in raw feed and fat technology; and sales amounted to 29,648,000 tons, the same amount.
This compares to +10.32 per cent, mainly due to the company’s advantages in the distribution of feed raw materials and the demand for good raw materials, which remain relatively high in livestock farming, which is good for the sale of feed raw materials, taking into account the small recovery pattern of raw material prices, which have improved overall prices for feed raw materials.
In the long-term goals of sustainable development of the country, the corporate fat technology sector will continue to show healthy growth Investment proposals: perfect corporate branding matrix, comprehensive network of channels, rich product lines, stringent quality control, superimposed policy guidelines for “a strong boost to consumption”, and changing consumer demand for branding, customization, etc.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.