On 21 March 2025, the Golden Dragonfish published its annual report for 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn zhangqian@cfsc.com.cn leads to marginal business improvements and continued optimization of the Māori rate
The impact of the fall was greater than the increase in sales, with a net return of $2.502 billion to the mother, improved performance of the powder business, extension of the feed raw material and fat technology industry chain, and product profits. At the profit end, the company ' s Māori ratio increased by 1 pct to 1 pct in 2024.
The sales/management cost rate increased by 0.2 pct/0.1 pct to , respectively, with sufficient additional channel space.
The increase in the price of food in the kitchen continues and the cost of raw materials drops to free up the profit margin, but consumption of retail outlets is not as long as expected to cause some drag, followed by continued high-end production, and a large health plate that widens the type of business.
1 Golden Dragonfish (30099999): Performance continuity, wholesale circulation channels, dedicated teams for sunk markets, city excavations, pressure-taking, kitchen food margins improvement, 2024-
In the meantime, rice oil products are being imported into overseas markets in the United States, Ghana, Japan, etc., through the opening of the market. Forage raw materials and fat technology collected $91,639 million in 2024 (or 10% less), and sales are expected to continue.
Income pressure, profit margin optimization (19%) and sales growth is mainly due to falling prices of raw materials leading to falling prices of products
As a result, the company optimizes the profits of its products by extending through channel advantages and industrial chains, and the oil and gas industry has moved towards the development of downstream industrial chains and the expansion of new growth spaces.
The company, as a kitchen food leader, is under pressure for short-term income from fluctuations in the cost of raw materials, but its product sales continue to rise steadily and exploit the supply chain advantage of a new chef, the blue sea, looking at the size of the growth space created by the downfall of the company's channels, current market demand.
As the prices of raw materials and end products rebounded steadily, performance is expected to recover further, downstream demand fluctuations, price fluctuations of raw materials, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into the wine, is a sub-high-end white wine and soft drinks plate, and it's a tasting, fast-frozen, and a real-estate wine plate in addition to an insignia.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.