The Winch mode is the real center, not afraid of the steady expansion of the winter.
The main business of the company is the production and marketing of chickens, ss 0340513040002, and the main products are commercial chickens and commercial pork.
In 2017, the company had 262 holding companies, 554 million cooperative family farms, and more than 50,000 employees in more than 20 provinces (municipalities and autonomous regions). The company was the world’s largest supplier of yellow and feather chicken.
In 2017, the company registered 776 million chickens, representing about 20% of the country’s chickens and about 9% of the country’s chickens, and about 35% of the Hong Kong market.
The market for poultry farming in China is very large, however, the market for pig farming in China is less concentrated, and there is a larger share of smallholders. The economy is less profitable for farmers, and there are serious environmental problems associated with the pig-breeding industry. The government is determined to clean up the pig-breeding industry.
In the current period of the pig cycle, environmental problems, the African swine plague, the disruption of pig control, and so on, have led to a decline in the will to supplement the pig-breeding city, which has led to a decline in the number of hogs and pigs.
There has been a marked decline, which has led to a decline in the supply of pig-bearing pigs in the second half of the year, an impact on the supply of pork, the pork market or the upward cycle, and a reversal of the pig cycle.
The model consists of three elements: a cooperative model for companies and farmers (family farms), a science, technology and innovation system that combines production, learning and research, and a shared corporate culture. The three elements are mutually reinforcing, and one is missing. One of the strengths of the Win stock is that the Win stock is the largest in the country.
Farming enterprises, with the advantages of low-cost, debt-servicing capacity and better cash flow, can cope with industry and market pressures at the lower stages of the pig cycle. The two strengths of Winch shares are that the Department has adopted a robust exit and expansion programme, and has accumulated pig breeding techniques over the years.
The model of cooperation between the Department and the farmers (family farms) has been steadily expanding in combination with a better management system of the company, with a relatively adequate cash reserve.
The company is the largest farm company in the country. In May 1983, former county food company cadres in Wenbei, Wenbei, Wenping, Wen Jing, Wen Jing, Wen Jing, Wen Jing, Wen Zing, Wen Zing, Wen Zing, Liang Hung, Yung Bian, Wen Zeung, etc. voluntarily entered the stock of eight people, each for $1,000, and raised $8,000 to lead the establishment of the llama livestock joint.
In 1993, with the approval of the government, the Wen Group Limited, a cooperative stock company, was established, and in 1994 it was renamed East Wen Group Limited. On 8 March 2011, the company’s subsidiary, Guangdong Farm Animal Health Co. Ltd. (Daohua No. 300186), started its business in Shenzhen.