Researchchand developmentcenter, “High end + globalization + intelligence” trio drive, medical image leader
1. The country ' s two-wheel drive abroad, leading to high-quality development of several intellectual products.
3. Country-owned imagery leads the way in the layout of high-end products, breaking the growth ceiling drive of “High end + globalization + smartness” and building a medical image leader.
Core logic: we believe that joint video medicine as a leading domestic medical imaging facility, in products \triangleright joint film medicine (688271)
High-end, market globalization, and technological intelligence have all made significant breakthroughs, and with high product barriers, deepening global layout, and i-economy, companies are expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future, and profitability is expected to increase.
By the end of 2024, over 140 products had been accumulated, and many products had achieved a “domestic/industrial first” breakthrough. As a country scarce, there was a “high end” in place.
Businesses like the overall solution capability of the equipment have succeeded in breaking high-end markets with a series of products such as utcatlaspro, umi panoramags and creating significant barriers to high-end, mr, pet/ct, etc.
There is now strong competitiveness. As stock loads of equipment continue to grow, high Maori security services and software solution operations are being scaled up to interact favourably with equipment sales and optimize income generation. Corporate profitability and resilience to risk are expected to continue to improve.
There is a concerted expansion, both within and outside the country, and globalization is accelerating. The company is committed to building a well-connected and home-grown system of global marketing services: 1 in the domestic market, which was subject to policy fluctuations in 2024, but the full product line market was in the steepest position and ranked first in the new Chinese image market.
One (free of ultrasound and dsa). Super-high-end ct (256 rows plus) cities outpaced 20%, 3.ot mr up by 4 percentage points, 1.5t and below mr back in first place; 2 at the Euro-American market, corporate equipment covered more than 70% of the United States state governments, pet/ct cumulative loaders broke down, Europe finished.
Seng-Eng, F, Germany, Italy, and Western economies were laid out to cover more than 15 EU countries. 3 In the recent month, the decline (%) in emerging markets: successful opening of strategic markets such as Brazil, Mexico, Turkey, etc. in India, mr,
Ct., pet/ct is the top three product lines, with the digital net/ct and 1.5 tmr being the first to create new markets. The one is deep enough to build an intelligent ecology. The company deepens the application of artificial intelligence technology, counting the one.
Embedded throughout the life cycle of the medical video device, it successfully built a fully digitized superb platform across product lines, market certification, smart ct-uctorion (Apocalypse) launched in 2024, with over 100 cumulative orders posted until late February 2025.
Video intelligence (more than 100 medical ai products have been introduced) further strengthens corporate competitiveness. We believe that the in-depth integration of core equipment such as ai with ct, mr, pet/ct significantly enhances the system's intelligence capabilities and product performance, and that ai technology is expected to support company product upgrading and service changes.
The key engine for the expansion of the platform now provides a driving force for companies to sustain their growth.
Cindasecuritiesco., ltd The Gold House No. 127, Wumen West Avenue, Beijing, 1 Product Dimension: Perfect product lines + high-end breakthroughs, enhanced competitive advantage, and increased profitability are expected.
In terms of product dimensions, corporate product coverage in the fields of mr, ct, xr, mi, rt, etc., as of 2024, companies have accumulated over 140 products, many of which have achieved breakthroughs of “domestic” and “industry headlines”, as the few companies in the domestic market with “high end image equipment as a whole solution capability”, companies using utcatlaspro, miipanorama
Products such as gs break through high-end image markets and gradually build visible barriers to products in technology-intensive races such as high-end ct, mr, pet/ct. Under product empowerment, corporate business income increased from RMB 2.035 billion in 2018 to RMB 10.300 billion in 2024, with a 31% annual compound increase, demonstrating greater market competitiveness.
We believe that product high-end and service-share ratios are expected to further optimize the company’s revenue structure and enhance its profitability and resilience to risk.
2. Market dimension: accelerating the expansion of the “domestic + overseas” market, with globalization strategies emerging. Companies are fully engaged in building a broad, deeply integrated, home-grown system of marketing, operation and services, and globalization is entering a new phase. 1 Domestic market: $7.664 billion in revenues from the company’s main operations in 2024, although revenues from recruitment policies have been affected.
In terms of market share, however, the whole product line is on a step-by-step break, ranking in terms of new market access for Chinese video products. First, the city of Super Topct (256 rows and above) has reached 20% of the watershed, the city of 3.0tmr has risen by nearly 4 pts, 1.5t and below.
The European market has completed a full-scale layout of the five major economies, covering more than 15 EU countries. 3 Emerging markets: companies have successfully opened multiple strategic markets in Brazil, Mexico, Turkey, and in India, the three main product lines of mr, ct, pet\ct/ct are in India.
The first three, with digital Pete/ct and 1.5t magnetic resonance, are the first to have a new market share. We believe that a company that continues to build brand moats and localization barriers in Europe and the United States and emerging markets through a global layout is expected to create a stable growth driver for corporate development, ironing market risks.
The company continues to deepen the application of the ai technology, embedding the ai algorithm throughout the life cycle of medical equipment, successfully building a complete digital minded super-platform across product lines, all of which have been developed and mounted from the market to the market.
In addition, the company invests in joint video intelligence, its technology is widely applied in the areas of medical video analysis, smart diagnostic aids, data management and disease prediction, with more than 100 ai products, and this investment is expected to provide intelligent support to corporate products and to strengthen competition. We believe that ai and ct, mr, pet/c, etc.
Synergy of heart equipment, upgrading of system-level intelligence, promising to upgrade the product performance of medical video equipment, and the future of the ai is expected to be one of the key engines supporting the company's product upgrading, service realization and platform expansion. New growth for the company, joint video medicine: a national medical image lead business, steady and forward.
1.1 Joint Shadow Medical Care: Focused on Research and Development, Building a Medical Image Lead Enterprise, Joint Film Medicine was established in 2011 with company product lines covering the magnetic resonance imaging system (mr), the x-ray computer fault scan system (ct), the x-ray imaging system (xr), the molecular image system (mi), the radiotherapy system (rt) and
Multi-products, many of which have achieved breakthroughs in the “national” and “industrial” priorities. For example, in 2018, the first industrial diagnostics were introduced, the integrated treatment accelerator product, urt-linac506c, and the country’s first-integration pet/mr product – was launched.
Upmr790, Synchronizing data collection and imaging for Pete and mr. In 2019, the first industry product was introduced with a 4d dynamic scan function, uexporer, and in 2020, the first industry product, 75cm hyper-aperture, 3.0tmr, umromega, and the first national product, 320 rows of ultra-high-cart products - uct960+.
5.0tmr-umrjupiter5t from the industry's first image. In 2023, the industry's first intellectual imitation dsa--uangio960 was launched. 1.2 The management structure is clear, and equity incentives show a high level of growth confidence.
Corporate equity structure is relatively centralized and stable. As of 2025, q1, the company actually controls the chairman of the joint film group, Xue Min, currently holding 24.27% of the company ' s shares, the top 10 shareholders of the company holding 61.27%, the stock concentration is high, the structure is higher than the equity incentive scheme (draft), and the first award price of the restricted shares of this incentive scheme is 95 yuan/stock, for the year.
The business income rate for each year of the review is determined to be relative to the growth rate of business income in 2024 (a). 1.3 The global process of globalization has led to rapid growth in revenue generation and a steady increase in profitability. Over the past six years, compound gains of 30 per cent have been achieved, and net profits have been released rapidly after the balance of gains and losses.
As the company ' s high-end series of products are on the market, the product matrix continues to improve, China ' s incremental share of business continues to rise, and the benefits of the transition to internationalization have gradually been highlighted, with corporate operating income rising from RMB 2.035 billion in 2018 to RMB 103.00 billion in 2024, at a 31% annual compound rate.
The intensive use of cost acceleration and digital tools has led to operational efficiency gains, with companies losing their share in 2020, achieving net return of 903 million yuan, a 30 per cent compound increase in net return profits between 2020 and 2023, a return to normal in 2024 to the pace of medical recruitment, a return to the rhythm of the market, and a steady build-up of high-end autonomous research and development and a two-wheel drive strategy to expand the global market.
On the basis of a strong market share of traditional product lines, high-end, intelligent, digital products are constantly being introduced, and company revenues and profits are expected to grow robustly. Figure 3: Changes in company operating income in recent years (millions, per cent)
Figure 4: Changes in net profits of a company ' s parent in recent years (millions, %)  Business income (millions)
The solution was phased out, with a revenue ratio of about 14 per cent in 2024, and the maintenance services sector, driven by scale effects and technology empowerment, believed that the service-type income ratio was expected to increase continuously as the volume of loads increased, the age of use of equipment extended, and market operations expanded after ai image services, cloud platform subscriptions, etc., moving companies from “equipment-driven” to “platform-service” enterprises.
In terms of regional distribution of income, companies ' offshore operations have maintained a high growth trend, internationalization has shown remarkable results. In 2019, companies have been able to expand their international operations, foreign markets have been prominent, globalization has been strategically structured, and we believe that with the development of the Department ' s overseas localization team, the development of channels and production base layouts, the capacity to secure services has improved and the company is at sea.
The external market is expected to become more competitive, and there is still much room for improvement in the share of earnings from offshore operations. Figure 5: Changes in the company’s income structure in recent years (sub-operations, %)  Sales of medical video diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment
Māori sales have risen steadily, and high R&D and sales inputs have contributed to long-term growth. In terms of profitability, Māori rates have remained between 48% and 50% since 2020, and Māori rates are expected to continue to rise as the company ' s business structure is optimized (high-end product share continues to rise, and Māori service income is higher).
Builds a dynamic balance between strategic inputs and efficiency, with higher R & D inputs that can consolidate the company ' s layout in cutting-edge technological areas such as photon numeric ct, magnetic resonance-led straight-line accelerators. The healthy growth in sales costs reflects the company ' s investment in global networks of channels and high-end equipment branding, accelerating the shift of technology value to brand premiums, and enabling companies
Long-term growth. With regard to net sales interest rates, 2021-2025q1 have remained at the level of net interest rates since the profit/loss balance point, as shown in figure 8: Changes in company cost rates in recent years (%): good product matrices, better performance versus shoulder import, medical image ecosystems
Medical video equipment means the recording of the signal intensity distribution of human feedback, the formation of images, and making it possible for doctors to use a variety of physical signals, including visible light, X-rays, ultrasound, powerful magnetic fields, for the purposes of diagnostic or therapeutic orientation.
Equipment for the technical interpretation of human structure, pathogenic information. According to the purpose of the use, medical imaging equipment can be divided into diagnostic image equipment and therapeutic image equipment, which can be divided broadly into magnetic resonance imaging equipment (mr), x-ray computer fault scanning imaging equipment (ct), x-firing equipment based on the signal.
Line imaging equipment (xr), molecular image equipment (mi), ultrasound equipment (us), etc.; treatment of image equipment can be broadly divided into words-reducing angiography equipment (dsa) and directed radiation equipment (bone c-arm). Figure 9: Classification of medical image diagnostic and treatment equipment
According to statistics from the Ministry of Civil Affairs, by the end of 2023, the population aged over 65 had a population of 217 million, or 15.4 per cent of the country’s total population, which is larger than the majority of the world’s population and is expected to reach 400 million around 2035 and 500 million around 2050.
The probability of disease is increasing with age, and as the ageing process accelerates, the market for medical video equipment continues to expand and is expected to reach $10,847 million in 2030, based on the Joint Film Medical Admissions Manual and Qualifying Consultation data, which represents an increase in figure 10: Size of China ' s market for medical imaging devices 2015-2030e
2.2 The full product line layout of the company ' s medical images, with the upper- and middle-end advantages increasingly highlighted, the product line layouts improved, the advantage of the high-end product highlighted, and the progressive introduction of import substitution. The company has constructed a full product line layout that includes medical imaging equipment, radiotherapy products, life science instruments, and products that include magnetic resonance imaging systems (mr), x
The X-ray computer fault scan system (ct), x-ray imaging system (xr), molecular image system (pet/ct, pet/mr), medical straight-line accelerator system (rt) and life science instruments. Currently, the domestic market, high-end and ultra-high-end product markets are still dominated by import brands, companies are deep-deep in high-end product research and development, and at the c-line, joint film medicine has 320 rows and 640 floors.
At the pet/ct line, joint cinema medicine is the only enterprise with a product afov > 120 cm, with a clear advantage, laying the foundation for breaking import monopolies and nationalizing high-end products.
Magneticresonanceimaging (mr) is a device that uses the atomic core (mainly helium protons) in the water molecules of the human body to reconstruct tissue or organ imaging in a powerful magnetic field, with no ionizing radiation, multi-parameter imaging, high-soft tissue resolution, angiographic imaging, functional imaging capability,
A wide range of clinical applications, a flexible range of scans, and a wealth of image information are significant advantages. The company has introduced multi-moderated mr products, such as 1.5t, 3.0t, and 5.0t, that can meet the needs of different segmented markets, ranging from basic clinical diagnosis to high-end scientific research.
US$ 1,000,000, based on the Joint Film Medical Recruitment Unit instructions, Qualifications and Consultation data, is expected to reach $14.51 billion in 2030, with an annual compound growth rate of 4.5 per cent, of which the market size of mainland China's mr was US$ 2.5 billion in 2020, and high-end mr is expected to be the main growth point in 2030, with 3.0t becoming increasingly popular. 1.5 tmr and 3.0 tmr, respectively, refer to a magnetic field strength of 1.5 t.
Magnetic resonance imaging equipment in Sla and 3.0 Tsra, which is usually used in routine clinical examinations, provides clearer images to meet the diagnostic needs of most diseases, and 3.0 Tsr has higher magnetic field strength and performance compared to 1.5 Tsr, which can provide clearer and more accurate images that can be applied in situations requiring high resolution and fine diagnosis.
With the liberalization of the domestic market allocation, we believe that the market share of the higher-performance 3.0t product is expected to rise further. According to the joint video, the medical hiring instructions, and the knowledge consultation data, the Chinese market accounted for about 61.4 per cent of the 1.5tmr in 2020 and 3.0t for only 25.0 per cent of the high-end mr, which is expected to grow to 35.7 per cent in 2030, and 3.0tmr will become the Chinese mr market.
In recent years, companies have built fast penetration markets with 1.5t and 3.0t of high value value for money, while at the same time using the first global 5.0tumrjupiter into a research high-end scenario, mr as a company nuclear station with an annual compound growth rate of 22%, which slowed down the growth rate in 2024, mainly through the initiative of companies to upgrade their product structure and focus on higher ends.
In 2024, the market value of the new market was the highest in China, in 1.5t and below the superconductor mr market, in China, in the 3.otmr market, in China, and in China, in the ultra-high-field mr equipment market. We believe that companies still have much room for development in medium- and high-end markets above 3.0t, and in recent years, as companies insist on high-end markets.
The dual advantages of the chemical layout, the use of ani-image diagnostics, technology and prices are highlighted and it is expected that the market will continue in the mr area. Figure 14: Corporate mr sales revenue and changes. Figure 13: Corporate mr sales and changes.
2.2.2ct: 64 rows and above ct ratio continuously up and national production replaces the continuous propulsion x-ray computer fault imaging system (compulsory, short-cut), which means that X-rays are sent through the spherical tubes and x-rays are received and converted into digital signals by detectors after penetrating the tissue of the human body, resulting in a computer conversion process to an inspected location.
The Asia-Pacific region’s annual compound growth rate is above global levels and is a major driver of growth in ct markets. From the global market’s dimensions, the global ct market was about $13.53 billion in 2020, and is expected to reach $21.54 billion in 2030.
For the subregion, with a combined growth rate of 4.8 per cent, the developed markets of Europe and the United States are entering a relatively mature period, with the global ct market being driven mainly by the Asia-Pacific region, which in 2020 accounted for about $5.24 billion, or 38.73 per cent of the world ' s total, and is expected to reach $9.87 billion in 2030, based on the joint video medical callbook and the knowledge consultation data.
Domestic ct markets are growing rapidly, and higher-end markets above 64 rows have larger national production alternatives. In terms of domestic markets, China’s ct market reached about 11.76 billion yuan in 2019, and the demand for the epidemic led to rapid growth in ct markets in 2020.
The market size amounts to 17,270 million yuan (yoy+46.85%), and according to the Joint Film Medical Admissions Note, the size of the market is expected to reach 29.5 billion yuan in 2030. From product composition analysis, the percentage of circulators below 64 in 2020 was 65%, and the percentage of circulators above 64 was 35%.
The number of cts above 64 will reach 40.8 per cent, while the rate of national ct below 64 is already over 50 per cent, while the rate of national ct above 64 is less than 10 per cent, and for domestic firms catching up with the opportunity to replace ct with more than 64 is an important driver of corporate development.
Figure 16: Size and evolution of China's ct market. Epidemic demand drives a significant increase in sales and receipts, with short-term growth pressure under a high base and long-term high-end replacement. During the outbreak, hospitals procured a large amount of ct equipment, especially medium- and low-end ct equipment, such as 16 rows, to meet the temporary demand for heating clinics.
ct, resulting in a significant increase in sales of ct equipment, which in 2020 amounted to $2,572 million (yoy+152.9%), with short-term pressure on corporate ct operations as the year became year-rounded. By market share, the number of new domestic markets in 2024 was second in the list, and third in the number of cts above 256 rows, the company cd line covered clinical economy.
High-end scientific products that meet the diverse needs of disease screening, clinical diagnosis, scientific research, among which the ultra-high-end expansive ct product — utc 960+ on-board autonomously developed time and space detectors achieve a rotation speed of 0.25s/circle racks, can achieve arbitrary heart rate imaging, single organ injection and rapid large-scale vascular imaging for a single-heart-motivation cycle with low doses
The spectrometry of imaging and voltage switching, which has better clinical and scientific value in cardiovascular diseases, tumours, emergency care and paediatric examinations, we believe that companies can further demonstrate their technological power through ultra-high-end products, and that there is still much room for import substitution in high-end markets.
2.2.3 xr: R & D acceleration, where the large c-arm market is expected to become a growth point x-ray imaging system (x-ray, short Xr) with X-rays emitted through the ball pipe and X-rays penetrating the tissue of the human body, receiving and generating images of the human body, with different imaging patterns depending on clinical applications, including two-dimensional static imaging, two-dimensional imaging
Vi dynamic imaging, three-dimensional fault imaging, etc.. xr screening can be used for screening, diagnosis, and surgical and interventional analysis. From the global market, Asia and the Pacific is the largest market for xr products because of its large population.
The global market for xr equipment is expected to reach $20.28 billion in 2030, of which $7.65 billion, or 37.72%, in Asia and the Pacific. In the case of the Chinese market, the size of the large c-arm market is expected to catch up with the drr.
Space was released, with China ' s xr market amounting to 12.38 billion yuan in 2020. According to the Joint Film Medical Recruitment Unit instructions and consultation data, market size is expected to reach 20.6 billion yuan in 2030, with an annual compound growth rate of 5.2 per cent.
31.1% of the year rose to 51.9% in 2030 as the most important product in the Xr area. Figure 22: China ' s xr market structure. xr was released during the epidemic, with an increase of 127% and 121.94% in revenue collection and sales, respectively.
During the year, as mobile dr was widely used in such settings as heating clinics, icu, isolation wards, sales increased significantly, leading to a rapid rise in public revenue, which rose to 824 million yuan (yoy+12.7%) in 2020, and a decline in both income and sales in 2024, largely influenced by the pace of hospital recruitment.
By caliber, companies are ranked first in the market share of diagnostic xr products (including fixed dr, mobile dr, breast dr), with fixed dr being the first, breast dr and mobile dr being the second, and city 4 in the field of xr products (including dsa and mobile c-arm). We believe that companies have much room for development in the field of breast dr, intervention xr, and the future.
Corporate income from the xr product group is expected to continue to increase as the process of breast-dr nationalization progresses and as the market expands in Dr, Figure 23: Corporate sales and changes, Figure 24: Corporate sales revenue and changes
2.2.4mi: Technology leads and the city of Pet/ct is the country's first molecular image (molecurariging, short mi) is a high-end product in the field of medical imaging, which shows the tissue, cell and subcellular levels of the molecules, reflecting changes in molecular levels in the living state, and thus the biological behavior in the image.
Qualitative and quantitative research. Molecular imaging technology can detect abnormal levels of cells and molecules during the course of disease, explore the occurrence, development and fate of diseases (e.g. cancer, Parkinson syndrome) and evaluate the effects of drugs and treatment.
With a long-term rate of about 5.2%, with higher-end medical demand, technological breakthroughs, and higher disposable income per person in the future, Pete/ct needs to grow rapidly, with a projected global market size of $5.80 billion in 2030, based on the joint video medical caller notes and Qualified Consultation data. In terms of regional dimensions, the Asia-Pacific market of pet/ct is still at a fast-growing stage, and in terms of regional dimensions, the Asia-Pacific market of pet/ct is still growing rapidly.
Second-largest regional market. In terms of the Pete/mr market, the production, transport and installation of equipment in 2020 was affected by the epidemic and delayed or interrupted, with the market size falling to $250 million (youy-16.67%) and the global market regulations in 2021-2030.
Figure 26: Global market size of pet/mr 2015-2030
Electronics, reconstruction and control technologies, etc., can achieve high spatial resolution, high flight time (tof) resolution, high sensitivity and large axle viewing, whole body dynamic scans, and provide precision for clinical treatment of neoplasms, nerves, heart-related diseases. Annual sales increase rapidly, mainly due to delayed production and delivery of disease-affected diseases, resulting in a low base in 2020, 2022, 2023
The length of the life cycle, the dependence on nuclear supplies, and the unstable pace of customer procurement have affected the annual recognition pace. Market occupancy rates indicate that, for nine years in a row, Pete/ct has achieved China’s market share, and Pet/mr’s market share is second.
Out, as companies focus on high-end product development, accelerate overseas breakthroughs and drive product structural upgrading, it is expected that the mi product will continue to grow by 2.2.5rt: Deep Farm Line Accelerator, gradually break the import monopoly radiotherapy system (radiotherapy, rt) and use radioisotope-generated alpha, beta, gamma rays
X-rays, electrons, proton beams, and other particle beams from various x-ray treatment machines or accelerators are the most important current ways of treating tumours. The most dominant equipment available in the country and abroad are medical straight-line accelerators and cobalt-based gamma scleavers, as well as a small quantity of protons and heavy ion equipment, in which the medical straight accelerators can be widely applied to multiple primary or secondary tumours throughout the body.
China’s market for therapeutic devices has grown steadily. As the technology for therapeutic devices matures, China’s market for therapeutic devices has continued to grow steadily, growing from 2.82 billion yuan in 2015 to 3.91 billion yuan in 2019, affected by the epidemic in 2020, a straight-line accelerator for deep-farming, a technological breakthrough for rt products, and a rapid increase in the city’s share.
The direct line accelerator, urt-linac506c, integrates the diagnostic level with the accelerator in two axes, effectively responds to changes in the form of tumours in the course of the course of the course of the course of the course of the course of the course, and combines intelligent software to significantly increase the efficiency of the work of the medical staff while ensuring precision in the course of the treatment, building an integrated, autonomous and manageable whole-course solution that is increasingly competitive in the field of the course of the treatment.
In terms of sales, in 2021, the volume of rt equipment sold increased significantly to 15 (youy +275%) against the backdrop of the gradual maturity of the technology platform and the rapid recovery of market demand. In recent years, sales of company rt equipment have increased steadily, from 009 million in 2019 to 318 million yuan in 2024.
For the company leading the RT market, the company gradually broke its import monopoly, with a rising share of the market, which, according to the new market value in the country in 2024, was nearly 8 percentage points higher than in the same year, ranked third, and significantly narrowed the gap between the company and the second place in the market.
Increasing the value of single-stage equipment through product structural upgrades, high-end extension and service package expansion. Rt operations continue to have a robust growth potential in the future as high-end products such as holastx are further landed and national production policy continues. Figure 30: Corporate rt sales and changes
Figure 31: Corporate income from sales and changes 2.3. Income from after-sales services continues to rise, increasing profitability. Long life-cycle properties of medical video equipment drive demand for after-sales services.
When equipment is purchased by hospitals, it is usually used for long periods of time, during which the equipment requires continuous maintenance and maintenance, so after-sales services focus on the maintenance of after-sales team training and improving the quality of services. In the case of maintenance teams, the company works to develop high-quality hospitals through specialized systematic knowledge training, using a combination of centralized headquarters training, on-site training at hospitals and distance training.
In the case of post-sale teams, the Division has established a detailed and sophisticated team to provide comprehensive services to clients covering training, installation, maintenance, upgrading, maintenance, etc. In addition, the company attaches great importance to continuous communication and feedback with clients and to promoting research and development teams.
In terms of service coverage, companies set up headquarters call centres and telecentres, and set up global customer service networks in China, the United States, Malaysia, and Poland to provide timely and efficient after-sales services to clients. In recent years, the revenue from maintenance after-sales services has continued to grow as the stock of instruments continues to grow.
We believe that after-sale maintenance revenues are expected to grow steadily as the stock of company products in the end-user market increases, and the company’s focus and input increases, and that maintenance services are expected to increase in importance for the company’s revenue collection. At profitability levels, the Māori rate continues to rise as the revenue from maintenance services expands, and in 2019 the company sustained after-sales.
The Māori rate for repairs was only 31.67 per cent, lower than the company's overall Māori rate of 41.79 per cent, and the Māori rate for post-sale maintenance continued to rise in 2024, which is expected to increase with the company's overall Māori rate.
By the end of 2024, the company had covered over 85 countries and regions, over 34,500 units/sets of global aggregates and over 14,800 medical establishments.
3.1 The domestic market: break import monopolies and take advantage of national production alternatives for high-end medical imaging equipment. Currently, domestic medical imaging equipment is structurally fragmented, “high-end import-led, grass-roots-based domestic production permeating”, imports, through continuous technological innovation and systemic stability advantages, maintain a leading position in cutting-edge technological areas and meet the needs of the tri-a hospital.
In view of the deep demand for precision diagnostics, scientific research and expansion, high technological and brand barriers have been built in the domestic market: the national product plate, based on price advantages and the speed of service response, has made it possible to build basic medical systems and upgrade district medical equipment.
Technical advantages such as legal and system stability, which dominate the high-end market, especially in leading medical institutions like the Tria Hospital, have a strong brand trust and loading base. General Electric is ranked first in 2023 in sales of medical imaging equipment, with a market sales ratio of 19.39%, with the main product lines being x-ray machines, magnetic resonance imaging equipment, ultrasound.
Video diagnostic equipment; followed by Siemens medical care, with a market sales ratio of 15.61%. The main product lines are x-ray machines, magnetic resonance imaging equipment, ultrasound diagnostic equipment: third in Philip, with a market sales ratio of 14.71%. The main product lines are x-ray machines, ultrasound diagnostic equipment, magnetic resonance imaging equipment.
In recent years, joint cinema medicine has become a scarce national business in the domestic market, with the ability to provide "a holistic solution to high-end image equipment," with a high-end and well-developed product matrix, a high-value pricing strategy and a national fast-track service network.
Gradually, a clear product barrier has been built in high-end, mr, pet/ct, etc., to break the pattern of import brand monopoly on high-end image markets with a series of products such as utcatlas pro, miipanoramags, and to achieve a major breakthrough in Tria College and scientific institutions. Moreover, joint cinema medicine has been digitized and intelligently upgraded by means of an arithmetic system.
In 2024, under the influence of domestic recruitment policies, there was a mismatch between demand and supply, a breakdown of the situation, and a reverse growth in the share of the market, with the top ranking of the new market for video products in China.
5 pts, super-high ct (256 rows and above) across 20% of the city's watershed, 3.0tmr 4 pts, 1.5t and below mr up 5 pts, returning to the first position. We believe that in the context of the policy's continuing drive to replace national production, medical institutions are accelerating the intellectual upgrading of equipment, joint cinema medicine competes in terms of technology, prices, delivery, security, etc.
In the future, it is expected that the high-end premium space for imported brands will be further reduced, expanding its share of the market for high-end medical equipment and accelerating the process of national production substitution.
3.2 Euro-American Markets: Building a high-end brand image, entering mainstream health-care institutions and building banners. In 2024, joint video medicine expanded significantly in the European-American market, creating a localised operating system with high-end branding at its core, product-comprehensive, and channel-deeping. Euro-American Markets, as highlands of the global medical equipment industry, have access to products.
As of the end of 2024, 49 products had been licensed by the United States for fda 510 (k), 46 products had been certified by the European Union, and product compliance and international competitiveness had steadily increased. In the North American market, the company’s video equipment had covered more than 70% of the United States’ state governments, and the pet/ct cumulative load had broken through.
100, the flagship product umrjupiter5t, the world’s first super-high-field magnetic resonance system to be certified at the same time as Nmpa, fda and c, have successfully landed in top-class medical institutions like the General Hospital of Massachusetts, Yale University, Harvard Medical School, breaking the long-standing market pattern dominated by ge, Siemens, and Philip. In the European market, the joint video-based high-end imaging equipment has been completed for Britain, France, and the United Kingdom.
The overall layout of the five largest German, Italian and Western economies, covering more than 15 European Union countries, and the optical digital Pete/ct system has entered the French Nuclear Medicine Centre, eves10nuclemedicalcenter, and the University Hospital of Duisburg-Essen, Germany, in the high years of continuous deepening of the localization strategy through the establishment of a European headquarters in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, for market marketing, technical services and innovation.
New development as a strategic hub for integration. In recent years, international top-level exhibitions such as joint video medicine show rsna, ecr, have not only displayed smart products such as a1 enabling smart image systems, multi-model diagnostic platforms, but have also continued to enhance clinical testing through collaborative projects with Harvard, ucdavis, etc.
Evidence, continued upgrading of brands in the clinical and scientific circles of Europe and the United States, and the European and American markets are expected to gradually become companies' overseas collections of 3.3 emerging markets: rapid market surges, growth ecos, marginal potential is released, a “postposting” against the high-threshold markets of Europe and America, and joint video medicine has adopted a “local eco+multiple slamming” in emerging markets.
In 2024, the company successfully opened up a number of strategic markets, including Brazil, Mexico, Turkey, in India, mr, ct, pet\ct. The three main product lines collectively joined the top three of India’s new markets, with digital Pete/ct and 1.5t MRI. In Latin America, the company and the Brazilian head medical group formed the first new market share.
Long-term cooperation mechanism, with digital pet/ct equipment successfully entering a number of first-line medical facilities and deployment to the National Children's Hospital in Mexico, to enhance the capacity of local children to screen for and treat tumours, reflecting the state of joint cinema in terms of medical assistance and technical empowerment