Solitaires (688271.sh) takes advantage of the policy of innovation to break through the global market, corporate research and in-depth reporting.
Medical bio-medical devices Investment rating: better than city (maintain)  joint video medicine is a leading Chinese company in medical imaging equipment. As a later leader in the field of home-grown medical imaging equipment, joint film medicine has been successful in the forefront of the industry.
The entire product line layout, including medical video equipment, radiotherapy products, life science instruments, breaks the monopoly of overseas enterprises in the domestic market, becomes a national leader in medical video equipment, and achieves a rapid rise in customer satisfaction, brand influence, and market share in the international market.
The intensive introduction of security and stability policies has created opportunities for high-quality, nationally produced enterprises, represented by joint video medicine, and has significantly accelerated the penetration and substitution of high-end national equipment in end-markets, such as hospitals. Since the second half of 2023, owing to the slow pace of industrial restructuring and equipment upgrading policies, bids for medical equipment have been weak, and, with the acceleration of equipment upgrading projects since 2025, the bid for equipment has been significantly warmed, and is expected to lead to a recovery in company performance.
• Core logic two: The product matrix is rich, and innovation leads through the high end. The joint movie medicine has built a product matrix of high-end medical imaging equipment in the fields of coverage (x-ray computer fault imaging), mr (magnetic resonance), mi (molecular image), xr (x-ray), rt (resistance), etc. The company has consistently maintained high-intensity research and development inputs and autonomous innovations, and has constructed a technological build-up system and an innovative ecology in the three levels of “a complete machine system - core components - bottom components” that have not only made major breakthroughs in core technologies (e.g. superconducted magnets, detectors, volt tubes, etc.) and has been more successful in launching such a high-high scale.
High-end products, such as field magnetic resonance, digital pet-ct, representing the world’s most advanced levels, have been developed and developed in front-line photometer spectrometers, across from catchers to runners and local leaders, and continue to lead the country’s production equipment to higher ends.
The company’s high-end video equipment has successfully entered advanced markets such as the US, Europe, Japan, and many emerging markets, and has been recognized by the world’s leading medical institutions and experts. The company’s current share of overseas revenues is relatively low (about 20%), and is in a golden era of accelerating the expansion of global graphics and increasing the influence of international brands, and globalization has opened vast incremental space for companies.
Unit 01: Later on, he became the leader of a national medical video device 02 Core logic I: Policy support for the development of high-end medical equipment, national production replacement acceleration 03 Core logic II: Product matrix rich, innovation leads through high-end
04 Core logic three: Up and down, when it's right to go to sea, 1.1 has developed: from home-grown farming to globalization of medical video equipment leading the Chinese medical image equipment leading the business. The company was founded in 2011 and was listed in 2022. At its inception, the company gave high priority to research and development and continued to invest heavily in it.
After many years of efforts, companies have constructed complete product line layouts, including medical imaging equipment, radiotherapy products, and life science instruments, to break the domestic market’s monopoly on overseas businesses. The company is now the leading company in China’s medical image equipment, and has achieved rapid increases in customer satisfaction, brand influence, and market share in the international market.
Figure: Listing of the first mobile dr product, udr, first 64th row and above, utct 780;
The first 1.5 tmr product is listed on the market 560.
The first 3.0tmr product is listed as umr 770; the first 64 is listed as utct 510; and the first 64 is listed as umi 780;
The first mammo 590i is on the market, the first 3.0t high-performance clinical type is mr.
Listing of the first item pet/ct product umi510; Listing of the first item xr product udr 580i; Listing of the first item umr 780
udr770i landed, first high-end 320-calculatory product, first preclinical animal whole body pet/ct.
(c) The first 3.0t high-performance research type mr utct960+;
(a) Listing of the product ubioexporer;
First portable dr product udr, first industry 4d full-body dynamic scan, first industry diagnostic level-led straight-line accelerator product
(a) The first item, which is listed on a self-researched high-pressure dr output, pet/ctuexplier;
The first one's on the market with a high-pressure crystal product, the first mammogram product.
At rsna's first appearance, the official sound of the march to North America is listed in the umammo 890i.
First 75cm large aperture 3.0tmr product umromega is on the market; joint film medicine is officially on the board; first 5.0t body-wide magnetic resonance system
The first was a micro-intrusion surgery with a first super-high-performance research product, 3.0tmr, which was listed on the market.
High field magnetic resonance umr sumrjupiter and brain flats, first high-end clinical and scientific scenes.
The system uangio 960 is on the market and is released on Taiwan; jupiter 5t is approvedfda
The first 80 rows of clinical research products, utc 820, are on the market for the first time in the European market.
The company has developed a rich product line around high-end medical imaging equipment, covering diagnostic products such as mr, ct, xr, pet/ct, pet/mr, radiotherapy products such as conventional rt, ct-guided rt, and life science instruments such as animal mr, animal pet/ct, which meet the need from pre-clinical research to diagnosis and re-treatment.
The one-stop solution is provided by the reference clinic.
mr has a high radioactivity-free, contrast-rich and soft tissue resolution advantage, and radiotherapy is one of the most widely applied treatments for oncology, medical screening, surgical navigation, etc.
There's an important treatment, which is medically straight lines, bed scenes, which can be based on medicine, brain science, molecular biology, etc. Accelerators with a wide range of adaptive problems and operational difficulties.
The advantage of cutting-edge research to provide critical diagnostic information is that mainstream radiology includes, for example, pet/ct and pet/mr, molecules that can be scanned for pet.
Metabolism images combined with morphological, functional information scans of ct or mr Life sciences instruments; diagnosis of whole body tissue, especially on tumours, cardiovascular,
Including animals, pet-ct, mr, providing access to the nervous system, etc., has a wide range of clinical value; at the same time, in scientific research, biomedical research, population health management, etc.
It is also of great value in a number of areas, such as the conversion of medicine, the diagnosis and treatment of diseases, the development and production of medicines, the safety of biological information, etc.
xr contains conventional dr, mobile dr, mammography machines and c-arm x-ray machines, dsa, etc., which can be used for screening and diagnosis of multiple diseases, as well as for visual guidance of surgical and intervention surgery.
Xr Smart Info Solutions for Medical Technology, Clinical, Scientific Research and Patients
The cloud-based medical image data management and the use of precision x-ray beams around high sensitivity detectors.
Applying, user-oriented, object-based intelligence, cross-scanning of a part of the human body, management services using different tissues of the human body, and digital integration.
Unlike passing rates, measurements are processed to generate images. ct has the characteristics of scanning speed, spatial differentiation, high resolution, and applies to all levels of medical care, which can be examined,
The share of income from the sale of company equipment exceeds 80%, of which ct, mr products account for about 30%.
Increases in the availability of machines, the rapid increase in the revenue from maintenance services to 17 per cent, and an upward trend in the Māori ratio.
Figure: Mäori Mäori ratio for joint medical operations 1.3 Business structure: Domestic operations are dominated, overseas operations are up from year to year  Domestic operations are up from year to year and overseas operations are up from year to year. By region, companies generate about 80% of domestic business revenue, overseas operations are growing faster than domestic revenues, overseas operations are up from year to year
Global operations are becoming more dynamic by increasing the import of new products into the foreign market.
1.4 Equity structure: The director of the joint film group is the physical shareholder. The director of the joint film group, the master chart: Mr. Xue Min, the manager of the joint film medical equity structure and the participating stock company, is the actual shareholder.
In addition, the Shanghai National Finance Committee holds 16.38% of the shares through the Shanghai Federation.
The company also participates in a number of domestic enterprises, such as the Coalition of Film Doctors, the Wuhan Federation, and the Sichuan Sorority, which contribute to the deployment of nuclear medicine in the fields of health and nuclear medicine.
Mr. Xue Min, Chairman of the League of Shadows, also has a background in education and industry and a strategic vision. Mr. Xue Min went to American studies and obtained a doctorate, 1998.
When he returned, he founded the Maditt in Shenzhen and developed China’s first 1.5t superconducted magnetic resonance.
Images and entertainment products. Mr. Xue Min has a strong industrial background and a unique strategic vision in the field of medical photography, which is the foundation for the continued growth of joint cinema medicine.
Over 1.4 subsidiaries have joined forces to create smart medical health ecologicals, and several companies have been able to create intelligent medical health ecosystems among themselves.
Through the mutual empowerment and strategic association of affiliates, work is being done to create a healthy whole-of-the-art health ecosystem that cuts across “prevention, diagnosis, treatment, rehabilitation.” 1.5 Management teams: industry has a strong industry background and experience, and management teams have a strong industry background and experience. Co-Executive Director and Chairman of the Corporation and the practical controller are Mr. Zhang Qiang, with extensive research and experience in the field of high-end medical equipment.
Experience; Mr. Guoshengtan, current Managing Director and Co-Chief Executive Officer, with extensive professional experience; other members of the management team with excellent academic background and many years of experience in related fields, with extensive industrial experience; Equity Incentives scheme, which allows companies to bind their interests to core talent.
The Incentives Plan (draft) proposes to award 5 million restricted shares to 1,368 incentive recipients, representing about 0.6 per cent of the total stock stock of the company at the time of the draft Incentives announcement, for the first time awarding a price that would be a team motivation to show the company ' s confidence in development.
The whole world's ani layout is extended horizontally, leading by a wave of intellectual changes in the number of medical devices. The joint film medicine is a leading enterprise in the country for medical imaging equipment and therapeutic devices, backed by a joint film group, which is highly focused on the layout and inputs in the field of the Ia. The group's incubated joint film intelligence, joint film think-won, etc., is continuously empowering the joint cinema medicine and leading the intellectual upgrading of the product of the full-line medical equipment.
At the end of 2024, the joint film group replenished its film intelligence, promoted business synergies and promoted comprehensive development in the field of medical science and technology.
Using scenes, such as precision positioning of disease cookers. Umetaopen opens up the cloud to open the cloud's ecological platform, opens up its own capabilities, promotes the development of specialized disease applications, and builds open co-inventive medical ecclesiastical circles.
The full-product line artificial intelligence platform continues to evolve, leading to intellectual enhancement. In fda ' s regulated list of artificial intelligence and machine learning (ai/ml) medical devices, 25 joint cinematographys have been approved, ranking first among the countries ' product plates. The main products of joint video medicine are currently on the ai platform. uiifitechnology Magnetic Resonance Brain Platform: a magnetic resonance brain control platform driven by technologies such as smart sensors, smart chips, and artificial intelligence, using artificial intelligence, is used as an artificial intelligence god.
\checkmark uexceltechnology Created the Cycetic Molecular Imaging Technology Platform: with the Chinese core and the Unpolar detector to pull together the precision crystal manufacturing process, the intelligent sensors, the ai \checkmark
Rebuilding core technologies such as engines, building a molecular image technology platform with the ability to evolve freely. Opentechnologyt active sensing technology platform: refreshing clinical and scientific experience through comprehensive perception of life movements, constant evolution of algorithms. \checkmark
uveratechnologydsa Smart Simulation Technology Platform: Digital twin-spaces, leading intelligent workflows, original uveraiq image processing platform, achieving low-dose high-quality precisions.
01 joint video medicine: then tops up and takes the lead in nationally produced medical imaging equipment 02 Core logic I: Policy support for high-end medical equipment development, national production replacement acceleration 03 Core logic II: Product matrix rich, innovation leads to the top
04 Core logic three: Medical imaging equipment is the type of medical equipment with the highest technical barriers when it comes to sea. Medical imaging equipment is the type of medical equipment with the highest technical barriers. Medical imaging equipment is the type of medical equipment with the highest technical barriers, through the application of visible light, x-rays, ultrasound, and strong.
Physical signals, such as magnetic fields, record the distribution of human feedback signal strength and form images to help doctors judge human structure and pathological information. Medical image equipment is divided by use into diagnostic image equipment and treatment image equipment. Diagnostic image equipment includes magnetic resonance imaging (mr), x-ray computer fault scans (ct), x-ray imaging (xr), molecular image (mi) and ultrasound (us) equipment; therapeutic image equipment includes digital migraine imaging equipment (dsa) and targeted radiation equipment (e.g. bone carm).
2.2 At the end of supply: We have a low per capita holdings of medical imaging equipment. According to cocir, China has a significantly lower per capita holdings of medical imaging equipment such as ct, mri, intertwining x-ray imaging, pet, etc., than in developed countries in Europe (e.g. Germany, France) and a gap with some developing countries (e.g. Brazil, Turkey), and there is still much room for improvement in per capita holdings.
Figure: Comparison of per capita holdings of medical imaging equipment in each country (2021) 2.3 Demand end: Aging continues to increase the demand for medical imagery. As a result of population ageing, the incidence of chronic diseases such as cancer, diabetes and kidney diseases is increasing, with the neural effects associated with brain damage
The increasing number of systemic diseases and the increasing number of osteoporological problems among adults and the elderly is expected to contribute to the increase in the demand for medical imagery. For example, in Chongqing City, the annual compound growth rate of ct, magnetic resonance, and pet examinations was 9.9%, 9.8%, 14.4%, and the need for medical imaging continued to rise.
In order to promote the development of the medical video equipment industry, the Department of State, the National Development and Rehabilitation Council, the Health and Welfare Commission, among others, have published policies to support the development of the medical equipment and the medical video equipment industry, enabling it to develop the quality of medical video equipment from a variety of sources, such as purchasing, paying, technology, applications, etc. The gap between domestic and foreign manufacturers is narrowing.
2.4 At the end of the policy: The price of medical imagery is adjusted to facilitate the process of substitution of national production The price of medical images is adjusted to facilitate the process of substitution of national production. In recent years, the price of medical images has been on a downward trend. In November 2024, the National Health Insurance Agency issued guidelines for the establishment of a project for the pricing of medical services in the radiological category (pilot) and for the price of ultrasound medical services (pilot) to promote radiometric tests, magnetic resonance, x-ray, etc.
In Guangdong Province, for example, the price of major medical imaging projects is about 10-40% lower than in 2020. Hospitals have stricter control over equipment purchases, with greater emphasis on value for money when purchasing large equipment such as ct, magnetic resonance, etc., and tend to choose national production alternatives, thus driving the process of national production substitution, and national manufacturers of manufactured equipment with a well-developed supply chain are expected to gain a greater market share in the context of price adjustment.
2.4 Policy end: Dismantling of the configuration certificate is expected to increase the penetration rate of large-scale medical equipment, reduce the approval threshold and facilitate the release of equipment requirements. The new version of the large-scale medical equipment allocation license management catalogue in 2023 adjusts the Pete/mr to type B management, the 64 rows above ct, 1.5t and above are catalogued, and equipment below $30 million is purchased without approval, reducing the number of medical machines.
In terms of the number of planned quantities, the increase in the number of ion prophylactic radiotherapy systems, intraperitoneal speculators, pet/mr, 156 per cent, 148 per cent, 83 per cent, is expected to increase significantly.
Table: Changes in the large medical equipment allocation licence management catalogue (2023) compared to version 2018: Policy end: equipment upgrade policy continues to move forward, leading to bid back-heating. Medical imaging equipment is the largest category of items covered by equipment renewal policy. In March 2024, the State Department issued the Programme of Action for the Promotion of Large-scale Equipment Renewal and Consumer Goods for Old and New Generations.
It was noted that, by 2027, investment in equipment in industry, agriculture, construction, transport, education, travel, and medicine had increased by more than 25% over 2023. In the area of medical care, medical institutions were encouraged to speed up the renovation of medical equipment such as medical imagery, radiotherapy, tele-diagnostic treatment, surgical robotics, etc. Since 2025, a large number of equipment upgrading projects have begun to enter the bidding process, leading to a significant revival of the bidding market.
2.5 Market size: The market for medical imaging equipment is expected to continue to expand worldwide and Chinese markets for medical imaging equipment.
There has been a significant improvement in the efficiency and accuracy of diagnostic equipment and the need for clinical diagnostics for video equipment.
In 2021, the global/Chinese market for medical video equipment was about $45.8 billion, 52.37 billion yuan.
Market size is expected to reach US$ 74.33 billion by 2030, with 2.6 competition patterns: import substitution for continuous promotion of medical imagery and treatment equipment import substitution for high national production rates of dr, ct, pet/ct equipment.
The rate of domestic production of equipment is high in dr, ct, pet/ct, with a rate of over 50 per cent in 2024.mri, the rate of national production of therapeutic equipment, which was 35.1 per cent in 2024, and 26.4 per cent in 2024, while the rate of national production of equipment is low, at around 10 per cent, there is still much room for improvement.
Figure: Comparison of the national production rate of major medical imaging equipment in 2024. Summary 2.7: Policies to support the development of high-end medical equipment, national production replacement acceleration. Low per capita holdings of medical imaging equipment in our country, which still represents a large gap compared to developed countries
• Population ageing and the rising incidence of chronic diseases, such as cancer, diabetes and kidney diseases, driving the demand for medical images; encouraging innovation, price adjustment for medical images (promoting national substitution), configuration certificates (release)
Policy intensive, etc.; 02 Core logic I: Policy support for the development of high-end medical equipment, national production replacement acceleration Core logic II 03: Product matrix rich, innovation leads through high-end
04 Core logic three: High-strength strikes, with 3.1 products better configured than shoulder-to-back international medical imagery giants, with a full product matrix covering multiple types of high-end medical imaging equipment. The joint medical product line covers high-end medical image diagnostic products and radiotherapy products, resulting in an integrated clinical layout.
In addition to ultrasound, joint video medicine has basically achieved full-line coverage of medical video equipment, with product abundances compared to international medical images such as shoulderge, Siemens, Philips. In the area of ultrasound, companies have filled product gaps by self-researching, and there is now an ultrasound project, with a prototype that was launched in 2024, with powerful platform technical support and breakthroughs in mechanical, algorithmic, etc., and has completed the layout of the ultra-high line, medium end series, portable series and wireless palm, covering the entire body, heart, maternity and intervention, clinical images, etc.
3.2ct: The product layout is comprehensive and covers 16 to 320 volts, x-ray computer fault imaging systems (ct) emit x-rays via the ball pipe, x-rays penetrate through the tissue of the human body and are received and converted to digital signals by detectors, converted by computers and processed into faults or stereo images of the examined area, thus detecting changes in human tissue or organs. ct has the characteristics of high density resolution, fast scanning time, clear images, etc., which are the most effective at the moment.
One of the main equipment used to diagnose large-scale clinical medical images. The joint film medicine has produced 16-to- 320ct products covering both clinical economy-type and high-end research-type products. 3.2cc: joint film is the first brand of national production, with a continuous rise in the market in ultra-high end areas – a 24% share in the domestic ct market, by winning amount, third place, not much different from the top two ge and Siemens.
At the top of the 64th Platoon, the joint share rose annually, to around 20% in 2024, and was ranked third. 3.2cc: The combined picture is the first brand of national production, with a sustained rise in the share of super-high end markets ct equipment revenue capr from 2018-2024  26%. The early sales of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic surged, the post-epidemiological growth slowed and, by the end of 2024, the delivery of the coronary equipment was cumulatively out of 10,000.
A composite annual growth rate of 26 per cent in revenue from equipment sales in 2018-2024, influenced by industrial restructuring in 2024, with a sharper decline in revenue, and a favourable outlook in 2025, driven by the arrival of equipment renewal policies.
• The tubes, detectors, high voltage generators are the core parts of ct. The cost of the tubes is about 60-70%. The joint cinema medicine has acquired full access to technology such as the tubes, high pressure generators, detectors, high-speed rotors, image reconstruction algorithms, high-speed reconstruction platforms, among which the high-pressure generators have achieved full autonomous research and development from 42kw to 100kw high school configurations; the 2-5mhu tubes have been fully autonomously developed and produced; the tubes above 8mhu have been developed with excellent performance, and the process is continuously being optimized to improve the quality of their products and drive the production.
3.2c: "Bi-wide double-source + photon count" continues to build the Technical Protector River to launch the global first two-source double-wide object, which combines volume and time resolution. The current ultra-high-end is divided into two major system forms, single-source wide-source detectors and two-source narrow-body detectors, and the volume coverage advantage of broad-based cta is not combined with the high-time resolution advantage of double-sourced cta spectra research, resulting in clinical limitations on coronary cta spectrometry.
C.I.S. — utcsiriux, for the first time, combines a wide-body detector with a two-source super-high-end ct system form to break through the 8ms industry maximum heart time resolution, double-wide 16-cm body mass coverage and 470-mm ultra-large spectrometry view viewing, which leaps across the full-dimensional performance of achievement time, coverage and accuracy.
3.2ct: “Bi-wide double-source + photon count”, continuing the construction of the protected river, innovatively leading to the breakthrough of the photometering techniques. Photometer spectrometers are the cutting edge of high-end medical imaging equipment and face multiple technical challenges, such as material, process and system integration. czt (cazine cadmium) core detection material needs to meet a high level of purity and process stability to achieve high-quality imaging, but the material is costly and processing difficult.
Accumulation and continuous innovative inputs have led to important breakthroughs in core areas such as photometric detectors, system architecture, and imaging algorithms, and the completion of critical technology validation and integration tests. Companies have cumulatively submitted 113 patent applications, published a number of innovations, particularly in the ultra-clean image model (uhr), and, in the future, have moved the photon count from the laboratory to the critical point of engineering, industrialization and commercialization through coordinated innovations in materials, devices and clinical applications.
Figure: Joint cinema medicine utcsiríux 3.3 mr: Production tubes are rich and cover low-end magnetic resonance in high school  MRI imaging system (mr) is a structure for reconstructing tissue or organ imaging using atomic nuclei in water molecules (mainly hydrogen particles) in humans in a strong magnetic field.
For example, with no radiation effects compared to xr and ct, mr has a higher soft tissue resolution, which not only shows physical changes, but also allows for precise determinations of functional responses such as brain, heart, liver, etc., which can play an important role in the diagnosis of diseases such as Parkinson’s disease, Alzheimer’s disease, cancer, etc.
3.3 mr: The share of the domestic market rose to the second, with a strong growth in product line incomes in the domestic market, with the combined market accounting for 29% by winning amount, and the second next to Siemens. At 1.5t, the combined market was the first with over 30%. At 3.0t, the combined market was the third with 21%. In the super-high market, the combined picture and Siemens were the only two brands.
Figure: Mr ' s market share of major brand sales (2024) 3.3 mr: city share jumped to second, sales grew robustly.
Figure: Combined video mr sales and speed increases 3.3 mr: Full autonomous control of core technology and components mr product lines have been fully autonomously controllable of core technology and components.
Multi-channel distributed spectrometers, as well as mr imaging software and advanced applications, have achieved hyperconductor magnetometers/glasses, radio frequency/spectrometers, radio frequency/glazer power amplifiers, sequence/reconstruction/clinical applications, full autonomous control of system integration, 100 per cent autonomous development of all core components and overall technical level international lead.
“Super-high field leadership + full-chain innovation” has continued to consolidate competitive advantages. In 2024, the joint film medicine product, umrjupiter5t, was certified as fda and ce. It is currently the only global facility with an all-body clinical hyper-magnetic resonance of Nmpa, fda and ce. It has achieved a large-scale assembly of the Chinese market, accumulated in nearly 40 of the country’s top clinical and scientific institutions, such as the Beijing Association and Hospital and the Nakayama Hospital attached to the University of Katan. In the environmental field of mr, companies have successfully applied carbonized silicon gradient technology, reducing equipment consumption by 57%.
The revolutionary non-liquid helium superconducting magnetic resonance system, umrprema, helped with green medicine.
Molecular image systems (mi) can show specific molecules at tissue, cell and subcell levels, reflecting changes in molecular levels in the living state, leading to qualitative and quantitative studies of biological behaviour in the image. Molecular imaging technology can detect abnormalities in cell and molecular levels in the course of disease, detect the occurrence, development and fate of disease (e.g. cancer, Parkinson syndrome) and evaluate the effects of drugs and treatments.
3.4mi: Precision medicine has gradually become the mainstream, the potential for nuclear medical imaging equipment has become the mainstream, and the potential for nuclear medical imaging equipment has grown. In the case of oncological treatment, the pet (real-electronic-launched computer fault image) imaging technology has become an important tool for improving the accuracy and effectiveness of treatment. In the nervous field, molecular image technology has played a key role in the early detection and intervention of Alzheimer's disease, with several Artes approved by fda in recent years.
Hymer's treatment drugs are based on pet imaging. The State encourages the development of nuclear medicine. The Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan for Medical Isoties (2021-2035) states that until 2035, the National Nuclear Medicine Section was “one district” at the national level. At this stage, nuclear medicine is still a weak subject, with 1,069 level III hospitals operating nuclear medicine nationwide in 2023, accounting for 27.7 per cent of the country's level III medical institutions. With regard to equipment, as of 2024, the number of pets/cts installed in the country was 721, 317 more than in 2019, and there is still much room for improvement in penetration.
Figure: Number of level III hospitals operating nuclear medicine in China (houses) 3.4mi: The joint film takes over the leadership of the domestic market The joint film takes over the absolute leadership of the domestic molecular image market.
3.4mi: As of 2024, companies took over 600 of the world’s aggregate loads, creating a pattern of coordinated market development at multiple levels.
Figure: UIMMI income and growth rate 3.4mi: “Technology leadership plus scene fit” continues to consolidate global leadership – the long axis of popularization – and to create absolute influence in the industry. UIM is a small number of companies in the country that have been registered with the pet/ct product and have achieved full-time production, mastering detection technology, electronics, etc.
Technology, reconstruction and control technology, etc., achieves high spatial resolution, high flight time (tof) resolution, high sensitivity and large axial horizons, full-body dynamic scanning, and is at a high level of technical leadership. In 2013, the company launched a national production headline 96 ring-optic Pete/ct (umi510) to fill the gaps in its national high-end nuclear medical equipment; in 2018, it released a national headline tofpet/mr (upmr 790), making our country the third country with the capacity to develop and produce integrated pet/mr autonomously; in 2019, it launched a global headline 2-metre axis full-scope view.
The body/ct (uexporer), which raises the sensitivity of the whole body to dynamic imaging 40 times, opens a new era of dynamic imaging of the whole body, with long axlepet/ct reconstructing the precise treatment of tumours. 3.4mi: “Technology leadership plus scene fit-up” continues to consolidate global leadership, investing in sorority, and further consolidating the advantages of molecular image solutions. In July 2024, companies invested their own funds in soybre sources, and won 10% of the equity after their enrichment.
One of the few companies currently producing swing accelerators, whose main products are 7mev, 11mev, 20mev, etc., is an accelerator. Medical swing accelerators are used mainly for the preparation of solid electron radioisotopes for Pete, which is one of the core equipment required for nuclear medicine.
Figure: Sorority core technology High-precision intertemporal magnet design and alignment High-power target system
High-performance radio frequency systems ensure that different energy or high-yield, high-stability, high-heat efficiency, including gases, are contained by precise control of magnetic field distribution
The latest radio frequency system technology in the industry, using multiple power-driven electron particles to keep time in motion with multiple target systems such as target, liquid target, solid target, etc.
The solid-state radio frequency source of the module replaces the traditional step (i.e., “interimity”) to achieve the production needs of different isotopes for particle beam flow.
Electronic tube radio frequency sources, which stabilize the radio frequency system, long-lived negative hydrogen ion sources, complex radiation field shielding.
With full autonomous intellectual property rights, built-in Penning, effective absorption of ion sources through a combination of internal and external shielding, and innovative power design.
Radiological radiation such as sub-, y-rays, on the basis of meeting our laws and regulations, effectively reduce the user ' s standards of environmental needs, safety, reliability and customization.
3.5 xr: The product line is rich, the diagnostic integration x-ray imaging system (xr) is X-rayed through the spherical tubes, x-rays penetrating the tissue of the human body receive and generate images of the human body by detectors, with different imaging patterns depending on the clinical application, including two-dimensional static imaging, two-dimensional dynamic imaging, three-dimensional fault imaging, etc. xr examinations can be used for screening, diagnostic and surgical and interventional image-guiding. xr products can be used.
It is divided into digital medical X-ray imaging systems (dr), digital mammmo, mobile c-x-ray imaging systems (movement c-arm), angiography x-ray imaging systems (dsa). The joint medical Xr product lines are rich, with full coverage of fixed drr, mobile dr, breast dr, mobile c-arm, smart intervention surgery systems. 3.5 xr:d market is fragmented and the joint film is at the forefront.
The domestic dr market is fragmented, and national producers have largely completed import substitution. By winning amount, the first three are national product cards, with the winning market shares of 13.5 per cent, 11.6 per cent and 6.4 per cent, respectively, in Wandong, United Shadow and Murray, respectively.
3.5 xr: There is wide room for import substitution in the dsa market in the country where the brand of imports dominates and the brand of national products rises. The first three brands are foreign, accounting for about 70% of the market, and the joint market still accounts for less than 10%, but the figure is: the market share of the sales of the main dsa brands.
3.5 xr: master core technology, continuous upgrading of products Key technical thresholds for xr include high-voltage generator technology, image reconstruction and reprocessing technology, automated electron control technology, etc.
Up to 431 mm; master of the Xr high pressure generator technology, which is currently produced and used in some of the products; self-researched high pressure generators have reduced the volume of the product through high frequency reversibility technology to meet the space needs of end-users, can reduce the output spin wave so as to optimize exposure, improve the quality of the image, improve the transition speed of the kv output pulse, and reduce the acceptance of 3.5 xr:ai to achieve industry's first "zero noise" dsa
In the field of intervention, the company is reconstructing the technical standards and market patterns of the dsa with a revolutionary breakthrough in systems such as uangio 960 and uangioaviva. uangioaviva achieves a very low radiation dose (by 70%) through the application of zero noise technology and innovation in imaging systems, while synchronizing image resolution with spatial resolution by 57%, ensuring the safety of medical patients, while substantially improving image clarity and building “precision treatment” systems.
3.6rt: The treatment of neoplasms, such as X-rays, electrons, proton beams and other particle beams, which cover the entire discharge treatment process, the full-chain product  radiotherapy system (RT) using alpha, beta, gamma rays and various x-ray treatment machines or accelerators produced by radioisis, is the most important method of treatment for tumours. The most dominant devices for treatment are medical straight-line accelerators and cobalt-based gamma blades, as well as small quantities of protons and heavy ion equipment.
Among these, the medical straight-line accelerator can be used extensively for treatment of multiple primary or secondary tumours throughout the body.
In the domestic market for therapeutic equipment, the first two brands are foreign in terms of winning amounts, namely, medical doctors and Variens, which together account for nearly 50% of the market share. The joint market is 15%, the third largest brand in the country.
3.6rt: A full-chain technological breakthrough, a new model of treatment, a new model of full-chain technology, and a new model of treatment. In the field of precision therapy, joint video medicine has undergone many years of technology to achieve a full-chain breakthrough. A complete product matrix covering five straight-line accelerators, four sets of specialized software and four types of analogue positioning equipment has been constructed to form a full-process closed loop system from simulation positioning, planning development to treatment implementation, quality control.
(e.g. accelerator tubes, foliage rasters, fully solid-state high-pressure modems, etc.), to the release software system (tps radiotherapy programme system, pws radiotherapy contour system, ois radiotherapy informatization system, qa radiotherapy quality control system), which has formed autonomous and controllable solutions through the entire chain of “core components to soft and hard integration”. 3.7 knots: product matrix rich, innovation leads to the top end.
• A matrix of high-end medical video equipment products covering the fields of ct, mr, mi, xr, rt, etc., ultrasound has been rolled out and is about to break through the core technology and parts and components on the market.
• For mr, 100 per cent autonomous development of all core components; for mmi, global leader with access to detector chips and pet-specific crystals; for rt, full chain autonomous control of “core parts to soft and hard integration”
High end product, breaking through high end market • end product: front-end products such as ultra-high field magnetic resonance, digital Pete-ct, layout photometer spectrometers, etc.; • Market end: >64 volt market, combined into top three, super-high-end mr market, joint film and Siemens are brand-only; pet/ct joint market
First, Dsa and VCT markets account for less than 20 per cent and there is still room for upgrading Core logic one: Policy support for high-end medical equipment development, national production replacement acceleration Core logic two: Product matrices are rich and innovation leads through high-end
Core logic three of 04: High-strike, seaboarding is a legitimate time for sustained expansion of global markets 4.1 "High-strength, full-line breakthroughs."
In keeping with the market strategy of “Step Up, Break Out on Lines,” figure: the overseas market layout of joint video medicine continues to expand the global market.
By the end of 2024, overseas operations had covered more than 85 countries and territories, and the North American regional United States market, pet/ct, had accumulated more than 100 aircraft.
Asia and the Pacific has been in India for five years now, covering over 70 per cent of India and adding new local markets.
4.1 “Step-up, full-line breakthroughs, sustained expansion of the global market – rapid growth in overseas incomes and continuous upswing in capacity. The joint video medicine has continued to boost overseas market openings and the import of innovative products, and overseas revenues have grown faster. In 2024, overseas operations increased by 35.1 per cent, to 22.0 per cent, compared to the previous year.
Figure: UIMS overseas revenues and growth rate 4.2 A well-established global marketing, service network — strategic layout for sustained and accelerated globalization — is dedicated to a broad, in-depth integration, home-grown system of marketing, operation and services. As of 2024, UIMS has built more than 700 people in the sea.
External marketing teams and more than 1,000 service engineers, covering more than 200 cities in more than 85 countries and regions around the world. Companies continue to build specialized, localized business teams overseas, and in 2024 created several new localized marketing, operation and service platforms in key markets such as the Netherlands, France, Italy, Spain, Thailand, Viet Nam, and the global layout of globalization has been further refined.
Core logic one: policy support for high-end medical equipment development, national production replacement acceleration Core logic two: product matrix rich, innovation leads through high-end 04 Core logic three: high-strength, seatime
□ □ □ □ □ □ □ □ □ □ □ □ □ delayed performance of medical equipment tender in  2024
The net profit from the joint medical return pressure, with 2501 recovering from the same rate as the market's warming performance.
The impact of the policy rhythm has somewhat slowed down the market recruitment campaign, resulting in a temporary backlog of market demand.
Figure: Quarterly receipts for the joint video medical cycle The net profit of the mother was $379 million (+26.09 per cent) and the year-on-year recovery was achieved as the bid market warmed back.
▪ Operational structure: 1) Sub-product line: the share of income from maintenance services has increased year by year as equipment is installed. 2) Sub-regions: the share of overseas income has grown faster, the share of income from overseas operations has increased steadily, reaching 22% in 2024, and the internationalization strategy has been effective.
Figure: The joint medical income structure (sub-operations) has benefited from continued improvements in business structures, high Maori service operations, higher-end product income ratios, and strong cost-control capabilities and supply chain resilience of companies. In terms of cost rates, companies have shown an upward trend in cost rates since 2021, mainly through increased R&D investment and overseas business expansion.
Figure: joint medical profit rates, where profitability is higher in the industry. The combined medical video industry has a greater Māori rate than Mándong Medical Care, which is lower than Mári Medical, mainly due to differences in product structure. Märí Medical video products are mainly ultrasound, dr, etc., Vandong Medical has a predominantly dr, mr, ct, dsa, etc., which combines more with joint medical care, but Māori rates are relatively low, mainly in the main.
With regard to the net interest rate, the net interest rate for joint medical treatment is similar to that for Van Dong, which is lower than for Méri. Figure: ratio of joint medical care to Mäori in the company ' s medical image business (%): ratio of joint medical care to net interest rate for non-repatriation by the company (%)
▪ Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions: The Māori rate is expected to decline slightly over the next three years, due to factors such as lower prices for end-of-service medical imagery services. The volume of revenue in the ct, mr, mi series is relatively large and the share in the company is greater than 20%.
*R & D cost: The company continues to develop high-end new products, will continue to increase its R & D investment, and is expected to maintain a R & D rate of more than 14% over the next three years. The company has chosen as a comparable company, taking into account the company’s leading role in domestic medical imaging equipment, the acceleration of overseas operations, and the market prospects.
The entire product line layout, including medical video equipment, radiotherapy products, life science instruments, breaks the monopoly of overseas enterprises in the domestic market, becomes a national leader in medical video equipment, and achieves a rapid rise in customer satisfaction, brand influence, and market share in the international market.
The intensive introduction of security and stability policies has created opportunities for high-quality, nationally produced enterprises, represented by joint video medicine, and has significantly accelerated the penetration and substitution of high-end national equipment in end-markets, such as hospitals. Since the second half of 2023, owing to the slow pace of industrial restructuring and equipment upgrading policies, bids for medical equipment have been weak, and, with the acceleration of equipment upgrading projects since 2025, the bid for equipment has been significantly warmed, and is expected to lead to a recovery in company performance.
• Core logic two: The product matrix is rich, and innovation leads through the high end. The joint movie medicine has built a product matrix of high-end medical imaging equipment in the fields of coverage (x-ray computer fault imaging), mr (magnetic resonance), mi (molecular image), xr (x-ray), rt (resistance), etc. The company has consistently maintained high-intensity research and development inputs and autonomous innovations, and has constructed a technological build-up system and an innovative ecology in the three levels of “a complete machine system - core components - bottom components” that have not only made major breakthroughs in core technologies (e.g. superconducted magnets, detectors, volt tubes, etc.) and has been more successful in launching such a high-high scale.
High-end products, such as field magnetic resonance, digital pet-ct, representing the world’s most advanced levels, have been developed and developed in front-line photometer spectrometers, across from catchers to runners and local leaders, and continue to lead the country’s production equipment to higher ends.
The company’s high-end video equipment has successfully entered advanced markets such as the US, Europe, Japan, and many emerging markets, and has been recognized by the world’s leading medical institutions and experts. The company’s current share of overseas revenues is relatively low (about 20%), and is in a golden era of accelerating the expansion of global graphics and increasing the influence of international brands, and globalization has opened vast incremental space for companies.
In particular, the calculation of the company ' s free cash flow over the next few years, the calculation of its weighted average capital cost (wacc), the assumption of tv and the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies have been integrated into the judgement of a large number of people, which in turn has led to the risk of deviations in the valuation, specifically:
(a) The weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm's absolute valuation, assuming a risk-free interest rate of 2.3 per cent and a risk premium of 7.0 per cent in the calculation of Wacc, and the risk of an overvaluation of the company's valuation as a result of the low estimate or take-off of such parameters;
Other risks affecting the forecast of profits include, but are not limited to: 1) the recovery of domestic bids at a slower pace than expected; 2) the expansion of overseas markets at a lower rate than expected; and risk of business cooperation under the distribution model: the company mainly adopted a sales model combining distribution and direct sales. The share of sales revenue in the company’s main business was 61.85% in 2024.
Improved management capacity for distributors, when they have their own mismanagement, irregularities, etc., or when they have an interest dispute with distributors, increases in corporate sales income. Overseas sales risk: mainly the risk of trade and exchange rate fluctuations, changes in the international political and economic environment, etc. Exchange rate fluctuations, such as the exchange rate of the euro and the United States dollar against the renminbi, can lead to net losses in exchange rates and reduce the cost advantage of corporate exports. The risks of changes in the international political and economic environment, such as trade disputes and geo-conflicts, could have a greater impact on the global political and economic landscape.
The risk of abuse of key core technologies or the leaking of technology secrets, through more than a decade of continuous research and development, has enabled companies to acquire core technologies related to the development and production of different product lines and to authorize patents, technology secrets and confidentiality agreements with research and development personnel.
Our market for high-end medical video equipment has been monopolized by foreign firms in the past, and after more than a decade of technological development in home-grown medical video equipment, the trend towards import substitution of national product plates has become more apparent.
While the market share of brand names has been declining, importers continue to be in the lead with brand, channel and technology advantages that they have shaped over the years, and companies face competition from domestic manufacturers of medical imaging equipment, including Murray, East soft medicine, Vandong medicine, etc., which have accumulated in such product areas as xr, ct, mr, and pet/ct. The market for medical imaging equipment is expanding. If companies fail to maintain and continuously enhance their competitive edge and core competitiveness, the market share and price of their products are increasing.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; and that the author has not been, is or will be able to do so in the past.