Three quarterly reviews of daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco, Ely shares: income is on track and profits are on the increase: company announcement, three quarters, 2018, yielding $60,846 million in the first three quarters.
I. The faster growth in single-season revenues is in line with expectations, with the year-wide target expected to exceed 2,125.8 million yuan in the company ' s third quarter and more than 20 billion yuan in two consecutive quarters.
In our judgement, there are still billions of core single items, especially Ammush and classic milk, that are still growing faster, and the company’s new 11 billion-grade brands are also catching up.
(c) Income growth is expected and advertising costs are prohibitively high;
At the same time, milk powder and cold drinks are growing.
While demand may be affected by macroeconomics and competition in the current sector is increasing, corporate income continues to rise, and cost inputs affect profits.
– 2018/05/01 Ily shares (600887).
The decline in Māori sales in the third quarter of the company alone is more marked. The reasons for the analysis are, on the one hand, the rise in the price of raw materials produced, such as raw milk and package, and, on the other hand, the increase in promotional and gift-making activities. The decline in Māori rates was slightly higher than previously anticipated, but the cost of sales was rapid and rapid.
The large decline has led to an upturn in the overall gross sales margin. Company sales in the third quarter of the single quarter of the year raised the management cost rate for the third quarter of the single, which was split into management and R & D costs after accounting adjustments.
The key to the decline in sales rates is a reduction in advertising costs. The only two quarters, as a high annual cost, cover both the Winter Olympics phasing costs and the centralization of a few large-scale billboard advertising, while at the same time creating brands for soy milk, awakening, etc.
In the early stages of construction inputs, advertising and marketing costs are high. The branding of new items is continuing, and the Winter Olympics will continue, so sales rates will remain generally high, but the ring ratio will gradually improve.
The gross sales spread ring has recovered, thus safeguarding a positive increase in net profits based on a high base last year. Channel expansion has increased receivables, reduced stocks, released cash, and more healthy overall operations, and we have repeatedly reiterated that one of Eli’s clear advantages vis-à-vis competitors is channel penetration.
Companies are also expanding their channels on a continuous basis, and sales by straight-to-business and power providers have increased their accounts receivable and receivables by 64.16% over the reporting period. The reduction in the stock of merchandise and raw materials in stock during the reporting period has resulted in a reduction in the company’s inventory.
This compares with a 31.33 per cent decrease in the same year, a decline in inventory turnover days and a 15.78 per cent increase in net cash flows from operating activities. Overall business is healthy.
With the fall in advertising costs, the sales spread ring rebounds, and the net profit recovery is positive. We judge that four quarters of corporate revenue is expected to continue to grow in double digits, with year-round revenue targets.
Overachievement. Subject to high short-term sales costs, profits do not grow at the same rate as revenues do throughout the year. Under these circumstances, performance elasticity in 2019 will benefit from such factors as a smaller base, sustained income growth, and marginal improvements in cost rates, which are expected to lead to a higher growth.
As long as the firm’s industrial position remains unchanged, income growth is good, short-term performance as a result of high cost inputs fluctuates, without undue concern, and remains favourable in the medium to long term. In the context of the 2018 Business Plan and the previous three quarters of operations, a small adjustment to the company’s profit forecast is made.
Three-quarter review of Eli's shares: income meets expectations, profits rises again.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report