Cost shrinks, profits are good, Eli's basics, Iri's shares, Iri's three-quarter financial statements.
Operating income in the first three quarters of 2018 was 60,846 million yuan, an increase of 16.73 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the accumulated net return on maternity in the first three quarters was $5,048 million, an increase of 2.2 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the basic per share income was 0.83 million; operating income in the third quarter of 2018 was $21,258 million, an increase of 12.92 per cent over the same period in the previous year; and the net return on maternity in the third quarter was $1,602 million, a decrease from the previous year
During the same period, 1.83 per cent was increased; the revenue per share was 0.26 yuan; performance was largely in line with expectations, with a slightly lower rate of income growth and improved profitability. The company achieved 61.327 billion yuan in principal income in the previous three quarters, a year-on-year increase \triangleright
With the initial contraction, the release of the control signal, and better company sales during the double period, the combination of two factors is the central reason why companies can sustain their growth before last year’s high base. Overall, the company’s profits have improved in three quarters, and its profitability has continued to improve.
The price of the Winter Olympics is still amortized this quarter, and sales costs are in line with our expectations. According to our research, Eli did win a larger share of the market through a strong spending. On the one hand, from second-line cities to third-line cities, from the city to the city's eastern financial boom.
From town to town, the drop in channels has led to an increase in the market share of 36.9 per cent for the company q3 permanent warm milk, an increase of 2.7 pct. for the same year, a rise of 17.2 per cent for the cold milk, a rise of 0.9 pct. for the same year, and a rise of 0.6 pct. for infant and child milk powder, and a rise of 0.6 pc. for the same year; on the other hand, the large monolithic gold medallion, Ammous speed, which accounts for a market share of 10 per cent of the remaining warm milk, which also opens up space and time for the expansion of the same product and the development of low-temperature milk.
Industry will change the homogeneity of competition over the past decade, creating a trend of differentiation, and it is hoped that in 18 years Ely will continue to divide with his competitors, laying the groundwork for more advanced development. The significance of spending, and the constant quantification of future spending, can be viewed more objectively from this perspective.
The economies of scale have been scaled up by the large and rapid return of highly efficient funds. 18q3 bills receivable and receivables amount to $1,559 million, an increase of \triangleright 27.27 per cent, which is due to an increase in sales receivable from both direct and power suppliers during the period.
The objective factor of the increase in the cost of raw materials for milk shortages, on the one hand, and the high volume of stocks absorbed by market demand triggered by marketing, on the other hand, the stock balance at the end of 18q3 was 31.33 per cent lower than at the beginning of the year and the stock turnover during the 18q3 period was 9.69 per cent higher than the corresponding increase of 16.80 per cent, attesting to the efficiency and speed with which companies acquired stocks from raw materials, put them into production, sold finished products and collected funds.
On the one hand, the company’s three new departments of enterprise have shown their commitment to the current industry. The Ministry of Health and Drinking Waters, with its focus on its rapid formation, will have independent factories, logistics, distributors, and marketing personnel in the future with the hope of improving the competitiveness of the company’s beverage business in a comprehensive manner. On the other hand, companies wishing to engage in the healthy food industry are actively evaluating Pakistan and South-East Asia.
At the same time, the European Innovation Center in the Netherlands, based in the Netherlands, has completed an upgrade on the theme “Innovation empowers to connect to the world,” and the establishment of a cooperative laboratory for universities abroad will introduce more experts in the life sciences, food security, and in the future. The path to the upgrading of Eli's expanded products with brands and technology will be one of the best roads for companies to add.
We believe that the growth path of the Chinese version of Nestlé will remain strong at the revenue-side for the fourth quarter, maintain revenue expectations for 18/19/20, and achieve the source of Eastern wealth and prosperity, respectively.
The Eastern Fund, the Tedarhonley Fund. Master's degree in Finance, University of Duren, United Kingdom, and two degrees in undergraduate, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space. 2017 Analyst's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.