It's not like we're going to change the logic of Eli's expansion, but it's going to be the same thing.
1. On November 29, 2018, the Ili Group issued an announcement that it would acquire 96.46% of the shares of the largest ice cream company in Thailand, Chomthana, and that day it would raise it in Bangkok, Thailand, to sign the contract. The transaction was initially valued at $80.56 million.
On 4 December 2018, the company issued a circular stating that it had received a written resignation from the Secretary of the Board, Mr. Hollipin, who had resigned from his position as Secretary of the Board of Directors for work reasons.
On 7 December, the Board appointed Mr. Qiu Hsien-min as its secretary. 1. Eli acquired the Thai ice cream business, and internationalized the layout. Chomthana is the largest ice cream and frozen food distribution company in Thailand’s interior, while at the same time going to 13 surrounding countries.
By the first half of 2018, the company had a business income of $18.24 million, with a net return profit of $0.94 million. Eli's share in the Thai market, with the help of this acquisition, could introduce Thai ice cream, boost the domestic ice cream business, while at the same time releasing it.
On the other hand, Eli's strategic goal is to enter the “global milk industry five” by 2020, enabling the acquisition to take advantage of Chomthana's channel in South-East Asia to accelerate the internationalization strategy and drive the global web.
The company's internal and external channels are becoming more permeable. For the fast-discharge industry, channels 1.
In July of this year, the company submitted its contribution to ffbl in Pakistan.
In October, the company launched its subsidiary ffl in Indonesia with 2. "Eli shares " (600887); the basic logic remains unchanged, with 11 joyday ice cream products successfully entering South-East Asia.
"Eli Growth Sustainability" 208-05-02, which creates radiation in neighbouring countries, will help Ely to add further dimensions to South-East Asia. State 3. "Eli Stockholdings (600887), Incidental Review: Strong
In terms of internal channels, as of 2016, the penetration rate of the Ili brand was 88.2 per cent, the market penetration rate of the lower part of the value of the 2018-04-24 formula was 78.5 per cent, an increase of 1.3 percentage points over the previous year.
With regard to offline channels, as of 2017, Eli had more than 5 million offline shops, and Lilyong has been distributed all over the country. Of these, the retail sales of liquid milk from convenience stores increased by 13.2 per cent.
“Eli shares” (600887); “Eli’s growth is clearly faster than that of other entities, if at all. As the channels are refined, what speeds up the flight of three or four lines of urban and rural cities” 2018-01-31.
3. Product expansion has increased and cold varieties have grown rapidly. Cold drinks account for 6.77 per cent of the total Ili business, and are a source of financial prosperity in the East since the company launched 11 ice cream products in Indonesia.
In response to rising consumption, Eli has been making new strides, leading the national roll-out of cool organic yogurt milk. According to Nelson Zero, in the first half of 2017, Eli had an average market share of 16.56% of the month's low-temperature yogurt, compared to last year's.
The company’s new Department of Healthy Drinking Industries, which is focused on a 1.9% growth period, will be formed at a faster pace and will have an independent chain of business in the future. 4.
The upturn effectively eases the problem of commissioning agents and guarantees stable corporate growth. We believe that companies will remain strong at the revenue end for the fourth quarter, maintaining 18/19/20 revenue expectations, achieving separate valuations, and maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
The risk of food safety control, the risk of price volatility of raw materials, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
The master's degree in finance from the University of Duren, United Kingdom, and the undergraduate degree from the Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.