South-East Asia accelerated layout, expected international M&As to enter the accelerated phase.
Although the merger will boost the company's income from the ice cream business to a certain extent, it still has a greater advantage than the bovine ice cream.
From a two-pronged perspective, the two-higher ice cream operations grew at an average rate in 2011-2017, and the two-high ice cream operations grew at an uneven pace, based on internal management improvements, macroeconomic boosts, and the optimization of medium- and high-end product structures. In terms of the amount of money that Eli acquired, we expect to add up.
1. Q3 is slightly lower than expected, and the original milk is in a state of high pressure, but overseas exposure is also expected to reverse the gap when the factory opens in Indonesia in 2018.
So, while the battle for revenues from the next two big ice cream operations is expected to start in South-East Asia, we believe that the gap between the two big ice cream operations is still widening.
The South-East Asian market has accelerated, with an expected acceleration in the overseas collection ratio and a faster pace of international M&As, expected to enter the acceleration period. In 2018, neither of the tops was matched by an increase in the South-East Asian market, with the middle Monx at the Indonesian layout plant in the largest ice-cream market, where the company was on the second largest market in Thailand.
Growth-Ely Holdings, Purchases. With the two strong players entering the cold-cream market in the country into a phase of sinking and product structure optimization, East 4.
South Asian markets are expected to contribute to the upgrading of the two top overseas businesses by means of parallel efforts (the current share of both companies is expected to be smaller) and to accelerate the increase (following the company's announcement of 7.30 this year that it will buy no more than the Pakistani faujifoodslimited)
Fifty-one% of voting shares and control, and only four months after the announcement of the Thai ice cream business, we believe that the pace of corporate international M&As is accelerating. Looking ahead to the strategic direction of corporate planning and diversification for 2020, it is expected that international M&As will enter the acceleration period by 2020.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market and then averaged the final rating as average market investment