Industry is well-regulated, with clear channels of excellence, Asian dairy representatives and strong product innovation skills, and the Ily Group is a strong leader in the global dairy industry, leading the Asian dairy industry in the United States of America in 2017.
To achieve a gross operating income of 68,058 million yuan, the best performance of an Asian dairy company, ranked eighth in the world for the second year in a row. The company’s product line has grown from its initial pure milk, calcium milk, yogurt milk, to its current coverage of milk powder, milk, yogurt, ice cream, and so on.
Upwards, in 2014, Ammush, in 2017, introduced a new pureday, brown charcoal, which has created a new picture of dairy products in China. The dairy industry has regularized profit-making companies that build their own pastures to ensure the quality of raw materials.
In February 2010, the First National Committee for Food Safety Review adopted 66 national standards for dairy safety, after which the dairy industry developed gradual regulations. Since 18 years, the dairy industry has taken note.
Listing, branding, and small branding can be done gradually, and companies that regulate production can benefit significantly, especially the leading ones, from large-scale production. Reliance on self-built pastures and stringent milk-source requirements, Eli maintains high quality in the industry, and there is a clear trend towards not building pastures.
Eli had a certain pre-emptive advantage. The growth rate outpaced the industry, and the channel advantage was clear.
As a leader in the industry, Eli has maintained a better growth rate. The company has been deep-farming for many years, with thin hair, and as the three- or four-line market continues to open, it will still benefit from the huge amount of inputs that it made in the past.
With strong financial advantages, channel advantages, product advantages, brand advantages, and competition in new markets, Eli is ahead of the curve in building channels, compared to milk companies like Monx, Light, etc.
Economic downturns and falling consumer demand; industry policy risks; food security problems.