In the first half of 19th year, the net return to the mother was $1.5 billion, an increase of 8% over the previous year, which is in line with expectations.
High asset quality and continuously improved profitability and cost control: cost containment, falling close to historical lows, robust profit margins, and a significant increase in operating cash flows of 399%. As low-value, better-profit, better asset quality, and growth-oriented companies, we are
Performance has grown steadily, with excellent cost controls, a steady increase in profit margins and a strong cash flow. In the first half of the 19th year, the net return to the mother was $1.5 billion, an increase of 8 per cent in the same year, and was expected to be $0.50 per share. Its middle operating income was $11.3 billion, an increase of 4 per cent in the same year.
The year-on-year increase in profits in industry increased significantly by 23 per cent to $2.1 billion, mainly from a sharp fall in the period ' s cost rate, from 16 per cent to 13 per cent, close to the historical minimum (2009), while losses on impairment of assets rose in real terms, net profits on tons of coal increased by 5.8 per cent to $90 dollars, and profitability continued to increase in the first half of the year.
Commodity coal production increased by 2,054 million tons, by 3.2 per cent, and commercial coal sales by 16,72 million tons, by 2.1 per cent. There was a decrease in sales of coal blowing: 6.8 million tons, by 3.5 per cent, and 6.03 million tons, by 5.9 per cent, even though the higher prices of coal blowing decreased, the combined coal was reduced.
The cost of coal production is better controlled by 0.7% to $263 ton. Ton of coal is worth US$ 316, or 1.2% ton, without taking into account the fact that the net profits represent a small share of coke, and the ton of coal net profits are higher by 5.8% to $90 to the same year.
The acquisition was designed to resolve the potential competition with the controlling shareholder, the group’s potential counterparts, and to be a strong company coal-cooler.
Industry. According to the announcement, there are three coal mines with a combined capacity of 5.4 million tons, or about 13% of the company’s current capacity. Net profits in the first half of the year amounted to 140 million yuan. With the subsequent rate of emission, asset quality and profitability of the village coal mines, growth is better balanced. Companies have a greater ton of coal profitability.
In addition, the company’s resource reserves are rich and have better prospects for growth, taking into account the increased performance of the coal industry in Tsichlin and the expected future reduction in asset impairments.
Performance was lower than expected; coal prices were lower.