• Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) on 19 September, the company issued a “Advertise on Completion of Business Change Registers”.
Following the completion of this business change registration, the company's registered capital was changed to RMB 2,755,699,513, with no change in other business registrations.
During the first half of the year, the company pursued the theme “Quality Development” of the Aviation Industry Group, focusing on quality transport, accelerating innovation change, deepening the construction of the “Three Shen Feis” and opening up the “Five Generations” to upgrade the new highlands, contributing fully to the high-quality development of the company and to the inter-generational transformation.
The company, which is a large modern aircraft manufacturing enterprise that combines research, production, testing, test flight, maintenance and service security, is the main base for the development of air defence equipment in our country.
In terms of science and technology research and development, companies are actively engaged in basic applied research, cutting-edge technological research, continuing to push for core key technological breakthroughs, applications of digital manufacturing technology, and compounding, driven by user demand.
Materials applications, aircraft design technology, aerotechnical engineering, engineering applications and titanium alloy processing provincial laboratories, with rapid testing capability for aviation defence equipment products at the heart of the Shenyang Quick Test Centre, with multiple countries
Inventive, practical and new patents, recognized as national high-technology enterprises, have received numerous awards for scientific and technological progress at the national and provincial levels, and for advances in defence science and technology.
In recent years, the company has been actively promoting advanced technology applications and intelligence around model development needs.
Production models, in-depth technical studies on the precise manufacture of spare parts, integration of assembly systems, promotion of the automation and intelligent development of the integration of spare parts, and development of confidence in development through the placement of draft incentives in digital smartshops, 1.
The application of key manufacturing technologies for the assembly of pulse flexible production lines, digitalization and smartness has made substantial progress and balanced production levels have reached new heights. 2. Performance has continued to grow and is expected to lead in the future.
With regard to test flights, the company constructed a pilot system of airborne products with an integrated testing environment with the ability to perform individual pre-package tests, trouble positioning, problem processing and re-engineering, test flights, and autonomously developed telemetry real-time monitoring platforms and near-field flights using digital technology.
Optical full automatic tracking, aircraft attitude recognition and dynamic real-time measurements, three-dimensional simulation of landing trajectory deviations, alerts, test flight data processing, meteorological intelligence, etc.
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.