Industry leader, Longma Spirit. High-level report. High-level report.
The company is an integrated farm service provider that collects animal water feed, farm production, seedlings, and maintenance as one. Forage sales in 2016, 7.33 million tons, and for 10 years, the volume of feed sales has steadily increased, with an annual compound growth rate of 27.4 per cent and a 16-year drop in the price of feed raw materials.
We expect a limited increase in overall sales in the feed industry, but downstream farming, scalding and food security push industries to integrate, with financial, technological and cost advantages.
There's still room for improvement in sales and profit spaces. Now that pigs are moving out of the field, the amount of pig sales is increasing significantly. There is still much room for improvement in the demand for and penetration of aquatic materials.
The main camp, by building the strength of its feed products, has achieved an increase in the market share and a reversal in the level of profitability.
We expect the company to sell 8.38 million tons of feed (+14.3%) in 2017, contribute $24.2 billion, the company's poultry is covered by H7n9 flu, the industrial chain is extended, and the procurement management is improving efficiency.
Using a combination of self-reliance and “company-plus-farming” models, the layout has accelerated and is expected to be around half a million people throughout 2017. Motivating and seedlings are the two wings of the feed operations that support the main camps, and producing less water to support 800 to 1 billion of them, and there is much room for growth. In addition, the company's “one size” is fast-connected.
Business and industry leaders in procurement management have supported corporate productivity and overall profitability. Billion dollars, $40 billion and $50.560 billion have been attributed to the net profits of the listed parent companies, respectively, 12.111 and the Global Group (002311), event reviews: outreach.
In the area of operations, the Pork Wavers Up North, 2017-09-182, and the Sea Group (002311), 2017:
Quarterly review of the growth of seedlings in the main feed camps: more flowers in the industrial chain and a return of performance in fast track 2017-04-27.
Source of the East's financial and intellectual boom, China Group (002311): Industry Leader, Dragon Spirit, Sea Group (002311): Industry Leader, Dragon Spirit
1. 20 years of steady development, from the workshop to the dragonhead, the predecessor of the Sea Group dates back to the Guangzhou Sea Feeding Company, established in 1998, which began with mixed water production, and has now developed into an integrated livestock service provider that collects feed, seedlings, and moves to keep it together, forming a feed industry.
The company’s main feed business contributes about 80% of its revenues, operating forage types such as pigs, chickens, ducks, fish, shrimp, and special aqueous fodder.
Figure 1: The history of the Grand Sea Group — In 1998, the Guangzhou Sea Feeding Company was founded, the Guangdong Sea Livestock Company
• Establishment of marketing innovation centres in 2010 and promotion of the establishment of the Sea Grand Group in 2003 and the establishment of the Centre for the Study of Livestock and Aquaculture
The Mission's normative management went even further, with the establishment of the Service Marketing Centre in 2011, the Group Professional Center + Molecular Corporation.
• In 1999, the Wuhan Hai Da, in 2013, acquired the Guangdong Agricultural Group Institute, the South China Region and the Department of Shrimp Industries, a member of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Guangzhou City and Shantang Animal Pharmacy Ltd., 2003-2005, the company accelerated its entry into the top five feed industries in China, China, with more than 40 households in China and the Department.
We've started research and development in the field of animal health.
• Model management • 2007, the establishment of the Hewletting Farmer, the Hundred Growers • 2014, which proposed a strategic approach to “more determined services and more determined marketing”
Company Limited, access to aqueous seeding plates Figure 3: Share of operating income □ trade in feed-origin raw materials  marketing of agricultural products  microecological agents  other major business
The company's operating income and net profits have been growing steadily over the past five years, affected by the floods in the South over the past 16 years, as well as by the fall in feed prices as a result of the fall in the price of feed raw materials and the contraction of net gains in corporate revenue and repatriation.
For six consecutive years, poultry has been growing by more than 20%. Aquatic feed has risen slightly and has stood the test in the context of mega-floods. Corporate sales have grown steadily over the past 10 years, at an annual compound rate of 27.4%, and the Chairman of the Board, Mr. Xuehua, as the real controller of the Guangzhou City Seamark Investment Company Ltd., owns 22.97% of the company’s shares.
The company consists of more than 150 molecular companies, each operating in such areas as feed processing, animal health care, seedling production, trade, farming, etc., with the Guangdong Province as its core, covering 26 provinces (Autonomous Communities, municipalities directly under the Central Government) of the country, and selling out many countries in South-East Asia.
Source of the financial and intellectual boom in the East, Sea Group (002311): Industry Leader, Long Horse Spirit, Figure 7: Main shareholders in the company, persons in actual control and business plates
2. Industry integration has risen steadily, industry integration has accelerated over the past 40 years, and the feed industry in the country has emerged, started, developed rapidly, expanded and expanded.
The integration phase, which is now at an advanced stage of transition to maturity, is characterized by three overall features: first, the industry as a whole is growing at a slower pace and maintaining a steady upswing. In 2013, for the first time, the feed industry was producing more than 200 million tons.
Second, environmental pressures and food security have forced the consolidation of the industry, which has increased its concentration. In recent years, the feed industry has become more integrated, reducing the number of feed industries to more than 6,000.
35-40%, roughly the same level as the US. But we believe that there is room for further improvement in industrial concentration. This is mainly the integration of the farming sector, which is brought about by the intensification of downstream environmental protection, and the tightening of food safety requirements for the population and the state. This is a push-back mechanism for the integration of the feed sector. We expect that by 2020, the number of feed businesses will be still higher.
An additional 2,000 to 3,000 enterprises, most of which have been eliminated, will be part of a small, high-quality enterprise in the Southern Water Network region that produces less than 50,000 tons per year of base and product advantage for good customers, and will benefit from a career leader who has been working deep for many years.
Third, industry competition is becoming more intense, with firms relying on whole-sector chains, integrated farming services, and specialized products for their development. With the growing scale of farming and the growing recognition of feed products by large-scale farmers, competition in the feed industry is becoming more intense, and the overall level of Maori in the industry is being reduced.
Even for feed-scale companies with annual main operating income of more than $20 million, the decline in gross interest rates has been more pronounced in recent years. But, compared to the Māori situation of several listed companies, the interest rate on listed companies fluctuates, but the overall level is more stable or even higher.
There is still a lot of room for technological upgrading, and listed companies can make a profit-making backlash through professional procurement, product development, and service marketing.
2.2 The overall recovery in the sale of pig matter and the high growth of large-scale livestock production is supported by the 400 monitoring districts of the Ministry of Agriculture, which showed a 0.2 per cent reduction in the number of pig-bearing bars in September 2017, a 0.7 per cent reduction in the number of mother-rich pigs and a narrow reduction in the number of pig-stocks.
The current policy of dismantling the pig farm has entered a substantial phase, and the forced phase-out of capacity has led to large quantities of live pigs pouring into the market, which is one of the driving forces behind the recent low price of pigs. The scale field reloads and the environmental phase-out power game continue. We anticipate that in the coming months there will be a period where pigs can be stored to the bottom of a tremors, and stocks are expected to enter the environment.
After the end, it stabilizes and then increases steadily. The ratio of tomsy in the corresponding period reflects the number of pig stocks after 10 months, and we use the number of hogs in the previous year as a simple estimate of the capacity for the next year.
At the peak of the fertility period, the msy rises significantly. The increase in the average weight of the pig out of the field has led to a remarkable recovery in feed production in the first half of 2017. We expect the msy to be about 18.4 million head in 2017, an increase of 0.6% in the same year, and the msy to be around 19.5% in 2018 and the pigs to be born in 18 years.
For 698 million heads, a 1.3 per cent increase in the same year, the demand for the feed industry will continue, and the data from our grass-roots research and the semi-annual reports of some of the listed companies also show a definite increase in the volume of feed sold.
It is confirmed that semi-annual sales by listed companies ranged from 10 to 40% over the same year, well above the growth rate in industrial sales. By no means of size, the output of firms of a size of more than 10,000 tons per month increased by 2.5% over the same period, while the output of firms of 10,000 tons per month fell significantly over the same period. This confirms the view in our industry report that downstream farming is integrated.
In the process, quality firms will gain a higher rate of growth than industry averages, based on a good customer base that has been laid down in the previous period. Taken together, we believe that we are now able to have a narrow drop in the stock of hogs, which is expected to rise back and forth after environmental reforms have largely been completed.
Pigs are expected to grow slightly in 17-18 years, and demand for feed is sustainable. Under pressure from farm restructuring and environmental protection, leaders benefit from industrial integration, relying on brands, products and services to achieve faster sales than the industry, and these speeding increases will continue to materialize.
2.3 After the re-establishment of the aquatic sector and the large area of specialized materials, since 2000, the production of naturally harvested water products has remained stable, while the production of artificially cultivated water products has grown rapidly, rising to 73.4 per cent as compared with a steady increase of 73.4 per cent, and the total production of freshwater and mariculture has continued to grow.
In other words, the increase in the production of artisanal aquaculture products will also continue to drive the increase in the sale of aquatic feed, the parallel of seawater fish with light fish, and the trend towards a boom in special fish stocks. East’s financial and intellectual booms will continue.
The level of profitability for aquatic feed is largely positively correlated with the price of downstream water products, as downstream water products determine the profit margin for feed and feed pricing for farmers. Water products have been subject to persistently low prices for 12 years, in particular the effects of the 16-year El Niño floods and the dismantling of the environment, and 16-year sales of aquatic feed are on the market.
In 17 years, the imbalance between supply and demand has driven the price of water products to keep rising, stimulating incentives for farmers to feed and feed, thereby contributing to a more resilient sale of water products. And experts expect that this year’s weather is moderate, that there is less probability of prolonged and widespread natural disasters, and that sales of water products will return to sustainability.
As per capita income increases and consumption levels rises, ordinary water products such as fish have become less responsive to people’s needs, and the shift in consumption patterns has increased demand for special water products of high nutritional value and quality. Special aquaculture production has gradually shifted from fishing to farming, owing to limited natural fishing resources and national resource conservation policies.
The growing variety of animal husbandry and the growing scale of farming will effectively expand the city of special aquaculture for feed, and our special water products for feed will grow from 750,000 tons in 2006 to 1.42 million tons in 2015.
A compound increase of 7.35%. Special aquatic products have high technical thresholds and complex production processes compared to general feed products, and therefore require higher R & D inputs and a higher M & D rate.
Figure 22: Our special aquatic mix of feed product structure in 2015 3. Striking the green mountains, building the strength of feed products, taking advantage of the company, firmly focusing on feed processing production, facing intense competition in the industry.
By increasing the power of feed products, the increase in market share and the upturn in profitability have been achieved. Subsidiarily, aquatic materials have been consolidating their dominant position, relying on service marketing and product restructuring to boost their volume and profitability; livestock is dependent on the cost-control capabilities of companies in the face of rising levels of scale farming.
The growth of 14.3 per cent over the same period is mainly due to a slower growth in the impact of H7n9 influenza on corporate poultry.
After many years of development, the company has established itself as the leader of the aquaculture feed industry, forming, together with its traditional conglomerates, the country’s first fleet of aquaculture producers. Between 2006 and 2012, the company’s water output grew exponentially, rising from 270,000 tons to nearly 2 million tons in six years.
The Division pioneered the service marketing model in 2006 as one of the first companies to introduce the service marketing concept in the industry. Over the next six years, it expanded its client base, achieving faster sales than industry and market access, relying on a full-flow service model and technical support based on “Spring + Emission Model + Environmental Control + Epidemic + Feed + Information”
The reasons why Eastern financial and intellectual sources believe that the company will be able to maintain a high rate of increase in future sales of aquaculture are as follows:
After this year's fish prices have been maintained, we expect aquaculture to be able to maintain a better level of profitability over the next 1 to 2 years. The harvest of the beneficiary industries has continued, and the sales of aquaculture are expected to grow. And the aquaculture sector has a low concentration, with more than 20 or 30 acres of reservoirs, with less specialization and higher value for money.
Forage products and whole-of-the-industry services are supported, and the industry has significant marketing space. The company's bait coefficients for feed products are below industry averages, have a clear value-for-money advantage and can bring higher farm yields to farmers.
By increasing the immunity, survival and resilience of shrimp seedlings, coupled with high-quality seedlings and full-scale farming solutions, the company’s sales of shrimp have been rising steadily, by more than 20% compared to the previous year. The company’s feed products are expected to continue to grow in general fish and shrimp, based on technology and cost advantages, in line with the company’s service marketing strategy.
The company has achieved a significant increase in profitability by adjusting its feed structure, increasing the sales of high end inflatables, special insuffers, and so on. The Māori ratio of shrimp, high end inflated inflated materials is 3-5 percentage points higher than that of ordinary fish. In the first half of 2017, the sale of special high inflated feed increased by more than 40 percent.
In the case of raw fish, for example, the company sold less than 10,000 tons of raw fish feed in 2013 and used the Pearl Sea Dragon as the main source of production. From 2014, the company redeployed the special fish market, increased Guangzhou Harakawa and invested in substantial capital support.
During the two years, the sale of group raw fish reached nearly 70,000 tons, and the momentum has been rapid. In addition, the company has made remarkable progress in the full range of small- and medium-feed feed varieties, such as lobster, yellowfish, sea bass, goldfish, eels, turtles, and carp.
Special aquatic markets are still in a golden period of variety expansion and market size expansion, facing double competition of both “large and complete” and “small and beautiful” types. However, companies have proven the universality of their competitive advantages in the special aquatic markets, one after another, and the potential for continued dynamism in more small and medium varieties.
Source of Eastern wealth and wisdom 3.2 Animals: Continue to run around the stables, with high value for money to win 3.2.1 Poultry to maintain an advantage
Poultry farming is more concentrated and larger in scale than pig farming. Thus, farmers have a strong knowledge of the quality of feed products, and differences in product formulations, prices, positioning and services have an impact on the choice of users, as well as on the overall competitiveness of enterprises, including technology, procurement, research and development, production and marketing.
In 2006, the company moved into the area of poultry, with a clear line of business expansion. The company uses traditional niches for water-based anti-breeding materials to lower the level of Maori and market entry on the basis of the quality of the product. After standing firm, the products and services are constantly optimized, the products are broken down, and the Māori are raised.
In the first half of 2017, the poultry industry was affected by the closure of the live poultry market by H7n9 flu, and the industry as a whole was depressed.
In the face of this low level of downstream farming, company sales of poultry have continued to grow by 10.04%, reflecting customer recognition of the power of the company’s products. We believe that the industry’s low-end period is a period of strength that reflects product competitiveness and the company’s combined strength, and the company is expected to pass through.
We expect that this year’s growth of the company’s poultry will slow, and that 18 years will see an acceleration in the integration of the pig-breeding industry, forcing the feed industry to change and evolve from a traditional face-to-face with a large number of dispersed households.
The company’s advantage is concentrated in South China, with no subsidiaries in Hebei, a priority area for pig production.
The South and Sichuan regions have two subsidiaries, with relatively weak regional production capacity. In recent years, the company’s main objective in the pigboard section has been to expand the business area and achieve rapid growth in sales, while at the same time restructuring the product structure and upgrading the front end.
Expanding the region, creating new subsidiaries, building on good customer channels and market slogans that have been established for many years, gradually expanding the area from Guangdong to Guangxi, Fujian, Hunan, Hubei, Henan, Shandong, etc. On the other hand, the public authorities make full use of the four-pronged synergies to replicate successful experiences in poultry and aquatic products and build up the capacity of pig products.
In an era of increasing scale in the pig-breeding industry, efforts are being made to achieve functional and farm-farming efficiencies that are more cost-effectively favoured by large-scale farmers. At the same time, companies are planning a financial block to provide financial support to farmers.
Table 4:2017: A fund-raising project for the production of a product is expected to cost $299 million in September of the year to buy 60 per cent of Shandong's shares. When the acquisition is completed, the group will become a company.
The main product of the Dashin group is a self-researched pork product, which now has a well-developed product system of high-quality pigs using full-priced, enriched materials as their core product. There are currently seven factories in Qingdao, Sichuan, Luang, Jiangsu, and the provinces of Shandong, Jiangsu, Hebei, Henan, Anhui, etc.
After the acquisition was completed, the group committed itself to a net profit of not less than $50 million, 17 years and 18 years in 17 years.
South China is a region of traditional corporate dominance, with over 65% of business income, and the North East China region, with less than 25% of total income. The GNB is based in Qingdao, Shandong, and operates in several provinces surrounding radiation, whose products have a good reputation in the North.
Using its existing channels and product competitiveness in the north, it has been able to expand the distribution of feed products in the north. On the other hand, the company’s pig-breeding layout has a high degree of geographical synergy with its pig-producing capacity, and the company’s participation has provided a good basis for its future northern southern pig farming.
The core products of the big group are high-end front-end products such as hogs, teaching tanks, and pig-powder. The big group itself has a strong purchasing power in the industry and has a cost advantage in the production of the full-cost material.
Technological advantages of research and development to further increase the share of front-end pork, thereby raising the level of profitability. Figure 31: Grand Mercure Real Orange (6+1) Target: To help 2,000 family farms earn 1,000 more per hog per year
In the restructuring of this cycle of pig farming, family farms and large pig farms will become the major players in the expansion of scale. And the Big Faith Group has some experience of business expansion in docking family farms, with the introduction of the "Orange Orange" Real Orange (6+1) initiative, which aims to create a resource platform for family farms and upgrade farming.
In the context of docking to a pig farm of scale, the big groups have two models: oem surrogates and odm customizing. Overall, it coincides with the restructuring of the company’s clients in terms of customer outreach. Figure 32: Large pig-breeding 6+1 service model
As with China, the Big News Group is also a service-oriented company. The Big News Group provides comprehensive farming services for its clients, in conjunction with the family farm 1236 program and the pig feeding program.
People, people, management, nutrition, vaccinations, and the introduction of six services, as well as the online platform known to the City of Pigs. Similar clothing marketing concepts reduce the difficulty of integration after acquisition, and will also facilitate the continued marketing of services in pigware.
The East’s financial and intellectual boom table will lead to a high growth of pigs.
The company pig farming model, which combines self-reliance with “company-farming” production, shows around 300,000 in 2016, of which 100,000 are self-sufficient and 200,000 are “company-farming” models.
By the end of 2016, the company’s pig-breeding plate, which contains six companies in the porpoise plate, was added seven more in the first half of 2017 to accelerate the layout of the pig-breeding plate. The company’s porpoise plate was developed with clear ideas, and the strategy was adjusted in due course.
In Guangdong, Guangxi, Hunan, Hubei, Guizhou, etc., the current land resources will support the size of the company to reach 5 million in the next four to five years. On this basis, the company has signed strategic cooperation agreements with the Governments of Guangxi, Guizhou, Shaanxi, etc., to produce pigs and produce 3 million pigs in the first half of 2017 alone.
Head. The company has a steady pace of pig farming, which is expected to be in place for the next two years, with talent and team formation, and a peak after 2019. We expect to be around half a million people out of the field in 2017, and we think that the extension of the chain is a necessary choice if the company is to become a top-notch farming group.
Industry concentration is already high, aquaculture is difficult to standardize, and pig-breeding is at the threshold of increasing scale.
The scale of farming has expanded and the industrial chain has been improved. We expect the company to be on the 50th of the year 2017-2019, and the company’s current seeding operations are still concentrated in the aquaculture sector, with rapid growth in the last two years, especially in the form of a major breakthrough.
In the area of motor insurance, which is a growing market, there is much room for improvement in the penetration of dynamic products, as the scale and pattern of farming increases, and food safety increases. As aquaculture is a less large-scale industry across the farming industry, there is a greater need for support for professional conservation products.
Billion. With more than 10% of the company’s market share in the aquatic feed sector, the current amount of feed sales can support at least one of the companies that are the first to farm in the industry since it sank 10 years ago. In the early stages of its development, the company was able to catch up quickly with a small-scale insurance company with the platform’s advantage, selling over a billion in three years.
In November 2014, the company set up the Ministry of Insurance and Administration to adjust the strategy in a timely manner. The strategy was well-positioned, the core value of the product was raised, the demand of the owners was matched, the productivity of the farm was enhanced, marketing was integrated with aquatic materials, the quality of the product became visible, and the market was raised.
Aquatic insurance sales are back on the fast track, generating $287 million in 2016, an increase of 63 per cent over the same year.
With the growth of the company ' s livestock feed and the gradual opening of the livestock industry chain, and the introduction of the service model, the company acquired the Guangdong Agricultural Research Institute in 2013, the Chinese Academy of Agriculture in 2014 and the North Hall in 2015 and the Kawanaga.
Bio- and animal-movement protections begin to be laid out. The extension of M&As is accompanied by enhanced product power, enhanced animal-movement research and development, and the acquisition of approvals.
We expect to see the future of dynamic springs as a fast-growing point for companies, with steady contributions and seedlings, mainly fish and shrimp seedlings, with some breakthroughs. Shrimp seedlings are being stabilized, resistant, quality is gradually improving, and their own systems are now performing well. Fish seedlings have developed for more than a decade, are rich in variety and sex.
Stable. Few businesses are engaged in breeding seedlings, both domestically and internationally. Companies have built unique advantages, developed farming systems for aquatic animals such as grassfish, rashfish, yellow mackerel, and set up breeding databases. They are also actively working with domestic aquatic institutions to develop breeding options, and develop excellent varieties in China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
In April 2017, three of the company's varieties were announced by the Ministry of Agriculture as new aquatic products.
Developments have a positive impact on the marketing strategy for corporate services, the consolidation of existing channels, the increase of customer stickyness, and the growth of corporate performance as a whole.
Procurement management efficiency gains are underpinned by the “4-D” linkage mechanism. Through the “4-D” linkage mechanism, companies interact with each other in procurement, formulation, market services and in-house operations to adjust production in a timely manner to changing market prices for raw materials and customer needs
The company also obtains a cost-procurement advantage through large-scale procurement and flexible use of tools such as spot, futures, options, etc.
Efficient operations, with company salesmen ranked second in per capita sales and first in terms of per capita operating income among the listed feed companies. This reflects not only the efficient management capacity of the company, but also the precision of the company's product orientation, its services, and the financial and intellectual resources of the East.
The sale of materials has been able to maintain a 20% or more increase, as the government has encouraged multiple players to purchase corn in the city, sickle bay, maize cultivation has been reduced, raw materials are expected to rise steadily overall, and feed prices are expected to rise steadily.
Figure 39: The M & As process has not been as anticipated, the volume of feed sold has not been as much as expected, the price of livestock and the risk of disease, among other things.
Master ' s degree in accounting for Eastern financial and intellectual booms. In 2008, the acceding countries became involved in research in agriculture and food and beverages, in 2011 in Anshin securities, in food and beverages, in 2013 in East Hing securities, in food and beverages, and in nine years in food and beverages.
Research Assistant Introduction Qing Poetry Month Master of Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined East Hing Securities in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.