The company has a complete end-to-end solution for the ict industry, with products covering "high-speed networks, arithmetic infrastructure, digital energy, end-of-life."
At the end of November 21st, 2024, and so on. The telecommunications network equipment industry has become oligarchic and overall competitively stable. As of 2023, China’s global telecom market was 13.9%.
Liu Jingsao IV, China II. In recent years, the company has developed a second curve development strategy, actively expanding its services, data centres, switchboards, 5g industry applications, etc., 24h1 companies
Businesses, consumer businesses, increased by 56.09 per cent and 14.28 per cent, respectively, mainly in services, storage, household terminals, and mobile phone products, with significant growth in operating income. 5g-a replacement of equipment provides incremental space, and the speed of high-speed light grids is expected to increase.
Network leadership is strong, domestic operators market is embedded for many years, and the opportunity to connect to business linkages is expected to be realized. 1) The 5g-a standard version is frozen and commercialization year is up. 5g-a promotion will bring up high-performance equipment replacement space, e.g., 5g-a-one antenna compared to the traditional 5g antenna.
A doubling number of antenna units: network equipment such as bbu requires additional processing capacity and firing Infinite a share/total equity frequency interfaces, currently three times the unit price of a base station that supports a common 5g base station.)
In order to meet dc-connected bandwidth needs, the 400gotn full-light network is imperative. Operators will be deployed in phases, gradually extending from backbone to regional networks. China ' s mobile plan is in place throughout 2024, and the last year of the stock is 300 degrees deep.
With the 400g high-speed interconnection of the eight “East and West” country hub clusters, fully deployed in 2025 at the calculated hub nodes, and with reference to the 100 gopn pace of the move, we believe that the intake will be on the rise.
1) The National Center for Ideas accelerates the landing, the operator ' s capital expenditure tilts toward the arithmetic, and the industry maintains a high profile. Midway provides a full range of server products, leading the telecommunications market before the market share of x86 servers is reduced, while the product is wide-ranging.
It should be applied to the financial sector, in size, to mainstream Internet enterprises in the country. 2) Micro-incorporated products cover the entire area of the ict industry “clouds, pipelines, terminals” to support group operations.
Technology imports are under way; China’s Everest computing chip successfully entered China’s 2024 pc service product collection project (touch 22), with a total of 6173 servers for a total of 381 million. We believe that the company has stable customer resources and that the deep-deep chip industry has been working for years.
Focusing on the long-term macro factors, focusing on two main sub-sectors.
Midstream communication is the leading global provider of integrated communications information solutions, based on connectivity, and the international situation is volatile: industry competition is increasing, and Maori rates are expected to fall over and above expectations; market shares are reduced.1 Global leaders in integrated information and communication technology solutions are available
The company is the leading global provider of integrated communication and information technology solutions, operating in more than 160 countries and territories, with product coverage of “high-speed networks, arithmetic infrastructure,”
Digital energy, terminals, etc., continuously active “connectivity + numeracy + capacity + intelligence”, focusing on networks of operators, government enterprises and consumer operations, empowering 15 industries with water, urban tracks, railways, manufacturing, electricity, etc., and creating a series of digital poles
The market for telecommunications equipment has become more sticky and more competitive. We believe that the market has evolved into an oligarchy in the interest of ensuring consistency in the original procurement project or the requirement of a service package. After many years of industry competition, the global communications network in 2023 has become stable.
Cr4 has risen to 89%, with China’s global city accounting for 13.9%, the world’s fourth and China’s second largest.
Three star electrons and others build a second growth curve that accelerates the shift to "connectivity plus arithmetic."
It is expected that in recent years, companies have actively expanded their second curve products, such as servers, data centres, switchboards, 5g industry applications, dynamic business, consumer business, and two major businesses, 25g-a equipment turnover, generating incremental space, high-speed light grids, etc.
2.1 The traditional network is well-established and actively seized of business additions. Operators as a whole have reduced capital spending and corporate-related business pressure. According to the 24-and-a-half-year report, China's connectivity capex is 23.9 billion yuan, or 13.4 per cent; China is moving.
In addition to this, the three major operators reiterated in their semi-annual reports their insistence that the annual share of capital expenditure should fall below 20 per cent. Communications operators in 2024h1 achieved a revenue of $37.296 billion, a decrease in the same proportion.
China’s traditional network is well-established, with a sustained breakthrough of 23 years. Wireless products, the company’s share in the domestic market as a whole, are stable, and the winning China mobile low-track experiment star regenerates.
Star projects; international markets, to achieve a gap break in the metropolitan regions where Grand T is located in Cameroon, Côte d’Ivoire, and other countries. Core web products, with domestic oligarchic patterns; key international breakthroughs in Thailand, with an increase in the share of Grand T’s multi-country branches.
Products, sequestered products, have continued to break through countries like Italy, Indonesia, and Brazil. Teleport products. Domestic markets have completed the world’s first 400-g all-provincial backbone network on a commercial scale. International markets have broken through the mainstream operators in Turkey and Nigeria, among others.
For nine years in a row, the router won the second winning Chinese telecom project, and in the first half of 2024 it won the China mobile core router project.
In the National Informatization Development Report (2023), it was noted that the 2024 information development mission identified the optimal upgrading of the new generation of information infrastructure and the modest advance of deployments such as 5g-a, high-speed light networks.
In conjunction with the providers of communication technology solutions, the domestic operator market has been embedded for many years, and it is expected that 2.25 g-a will be deployed reasonably ahead of schedule, that high-performance equipment replacement will provide incremental space 5 g-a standard version will be frozen and that the commercial year will be in place.
At the 3gppran 104th meeting, the r18 standard was officially frozen, and r18 was not only the fourth edition of the 5g standard, but also the first version of the 5g-advanced (5g-a) version, which heralds a new stage in the development of 5g technology.
“5g-a is a definitive industry path that not only protects existing investments, but also opens up new business opportunities and widens commercial boundaries.” As of June 24, more than 60 operators and partners had announced that the commercial year of 5g-a had come.
5g-a requires high-performance equipment to be replaced, leading to increased industrial space. Industry generally recognizes that the diffusion and application of 5g-a technology cannot be supported by a large, high-performance network of base stations. This involves not only upgrading and upgrading of base station equipment, but also selecting base stations.
The new 5g-a-sense integrated antenna, in order to achieve a more precise beam configuration. The number of antenna units doubled compared to the traditional 5g antenna; the three-carrying polymerization and the sense of oneness.
These new technologies require additional processing capacity and radio frequency interfaces for network equipment such as bbu to support additional carrier waves, with China's mobile director, Yang Jie, indicating that the move would be deployed in more than 300 cities at a time of 2024, with an estimated investment of 1.5 billion yuan.
Together, the operators accelerate technological and industrial maturity. In Shanghai, the first five-g-car communications system in the world has been created to provide a multi-mega-reflection guarantee for passengers in the subway, which is over 2 gbps. In terms of interoperability, the first `one-size-fits-all' in Guangdong has been completed.
Multi-station network deployment and low-altitude drone security scene validation: completion of the first industry 5-g-fibre connectivity architecture technical validation in Pearlhai: provision of 20ms @99.99% of low-time and high-reliable road coordination in Suzhou to secure 60 km/h auto-drive
Drive. In terms of space, complete the first 5giotntn commercial mobile phone and joint terminal satellite field validation, and the Nr-ntn low-orbit satellite broadband operations laboratory operator accelerates deployment of 5g-a, with multi-city coverage.
Operators have revealed an update on 5g-a, in which China Telecom and China Connect have completed over 100 city-sized deployments; China has moved to more than 280 cities to deploy 5g-a commercial deployment, which will expand to more than 300 cities in the course of the year, with a view to achieving full commercialization of 5g-a by the end of 2026.
The Beijing City Communications Authority issued the Beijing City Plan of Action for Promoting the Evolution and Application of 5g-a Technologies (2024-2026), which states that the entire city of Beijing has completed the opening of more than 5g-a-kil stations, with universal coverage in six rings, at the capital airport, Beijing station, Chang An.
The streets, industrial establishments, university cities, subways, etc. have built up a prototype network and a network of 5 g-a cars. Shanghai and Shenzhen are also building a 5g-a network, a 5g-a network, and a 5g-a demonstration line on the fast and main roads.
The company's input at 5g-a is “moderate ahead.” On technology, the company insists on innovation and breakthroughs in core technologies such as chips, algorithms, architecture, etc. The new generation of products builds solid foundations for 5g-a capability enhancement and scenario expansion. On standards, the company is global.
5g technology research, standard-setting key contributors and participants, deeply involved in the 5g-a standard-setting process. In terms of capacity enhancement, the ultraband wide-field view for the “breakdown megabeams”, with the company's first industry moving from 64 tr to 128 tr and turning capacity.
Many times; large-scale connectivity scenes for the “Billion Billion Federation”, introducing redcap technology; high-reliability scenes for the “determinate capability”, providing 4 milliseconds of low time delay, 5 high 9s of high reliability, microsecond level of low shaking.
The commercialization of 2.3400gotn, which is expected to speed up 400gotn's all-light network, is imperative. The country has set up a country-wide network of 8 major hubs with 10 national-level data centres to promote the first move of temperature/cold data in the east.
On the basis of the mobile release of The Next Generation's Full Light Bones Transfer Network, it is estimated that the eight main hubs in East and West in 2022 have been reported as having planned 4 million + aircraft (2.5kw equivalents) for the next few years.
The average bandwidth of dc is 1 gbps, the east is ~35% and the west is ~85%. It is expected that by 2027, the accumulated additional traffic in the backbone network will reach 1900 tbps. So the hyperband is the core of the next generation of full-luminous backbone transmission networks.
China moved to create the world’s first 400-g backbone network link, and 400-g commercial year was opened. China moved in November 2023 to complete the world’s first 400-g equipment module, and launched the project in December, with the first global launch on February 27, 2024.
400g “East-West” link (Beijing - Inner Mongolia, 711 km, 8 oa stations) In addition, China's mobile plan is to achieve the full realization of the eight major “East-West” areas of Kyunjin, Long Triangle, Hong Kong, Great Bay, Sung-kyung, Inner Mongolia, Guizhou, Gansu, Ningxia, etc. by the middle of 2024.
The 400g high-speed interconnectivity of the “national hub cluster” has resulted in over 135 urban coverage; China Telecom issued the "Concentrated Qualification Bulletin for the 400groadm Equipment for China's Telecommunications Bones (2024) for the Central Qualifications for Purchase Project " , a collection mainly for backbone network purchases, packages, etc.
The total size of the South-South, North-East and South-West regions is 1694 400g side ports and corresponding customer side ports and public units. 400g full-light deployment plans for three major operators reveal:
1) China ' s movement 2024-2025 will facilitate the full deployment of 400gotn to all computing hub nodes. 2) China Connect formally entered the 400g trunk network commercial deployment phase in 2024.
Starting with the construction of the eight main hubs of East and West and 31 provincial nodes with hypercapacity quality connections, covering 20,000 plus full light power anchors, while conducting 800g tests and tests.) China's telecommunications are now building the largest-scale roadm-based all over the world.
The light exchange network will be upgraded from 100 g to 400g. From the current 400g industry, 24 years of Wssc+l integration will mature; 2025-2026, light model block c+l integration, Otuc+l full wave, 400gotu single port entry
In 2027, with the integration of all components, the 400g network of telecommunications will match the pace of industrial development. With long-term market space, the pace of recruitment is expected to accelerate.
The full-light backbone network of telecommunications 2.0 is divided into five regions, with a total system of 220,000 km, including 470 roadm nodes, 2,357 oa nodes, with a total network capacity of 590t, and we believe that 400gotn light network replacements provide incremental space.
The company ' s joint operator has completed several 400gqpsk offline pilots using 400g qpsk technology based on 130gbd high-performance optical devices to keep the backbone network from 200g to 400g optimal transmission performance.
The current speed of lifts does not decrease distance; the 400g ultra-long distance transmission system was awarded the 2023 Lightwave Annual Innovation Award for Communication; the otn flagship series product zxone9700 tons of combined global dataleader has the highest rating.
Ports are the second largest in the world, and the otn400g port is the highest in the world at the same rate of increase.3 High demand continues with industry opportunities, 3.1 provides a full range of server products and benefits from higher operator numeracy costs
In 2024, there were more than 250 centres under construction and more than 250 centres under construction, with an outbreak of growth in arithmetic demand. According to the release of Harbin, the ai chip was produced at a high rate of national production.
Eighty-five per cent of China's China Mobile Ideas Centre (Harbin) node's super-large Ideas cluster was officially launched on 30 August, deploying some 20,000 ai acceleration cards. Operators restructured capital spending to increase their numeracy investments.
(b) China ' s plan for moving arithmetic expenditure was 47.5 billion yuan, an increase of 21.5 per cent over 2023, with a plan to accumulate 9eflops, with a cumulative capacity of more than 17eflops;
The connection will maintain a moderate degree of ahead-of-the-shelf and speed-up the layout of the network ' s intellectual investment. Figure 10: Capital expenditure by the three major operators (in billions of yuan) Figure 11: Detailed expenditure on mobile capital in China (in billions)
Figure 12: Details of China ' s telecommunications capital expenditure (in billions of yuan) Figure 13: Details of China ' s connected capital expenditure (in billions of yuan)
In the competitive bidding process, not only are the operators but also the operators.
In 2023, Xingxien reached $10,161 million in revenue from 86 servers, with a market share of 5.5%.
In terms of wave information 27.5%, Xinhua 3 15.8%, super-magnification 10.6%, and smooth flow 9.9%, the telecommunications company servers account for 23.03%, which is a significant advantage over the second wave (13.83% market share).
Broadly applied to financial institutions such as state-owned banks, stock-based banks, urban comptoirs, IPAs, securities and insurance: In the Internet industry, the size of servers and storage products should be used for mainstream Internet enterprises in the country.
• Wave Information: Xinhua Three "Super-Multi-Sing-Ling-Sing-Sing-Sing-Sing-Sing-Sing-Sing" provides a complete set of solutions for calculating/repository/net/idc, making it possible to integrate hardware and software. At the hardware level, it provides a full series, a full-scale scenario.
In addition to the software and engineering capabilities, there is an efficient and easy-to-use ai platform to address the engineering challenges of the training process, and a significant increase in the use of gpu numeracy and the efficiency of large model training.
The company works actively with the whole industry chain by building an open ecology, actively promoting soft and hard coupling, model coupling, and deciphering coupons. The company builds a whole series of server products.
New items for the server include: r5200g5 high density server, r5300g5 panorama utility server, r55500g5 mass storage server, r6500g5 isotopic algorithm and r8500g5 high performance server with high density, flexible extension, synthesical algorithm
Power, sea volume storage, stability, etc., with a two-way maximum support of 120 cores, ai performance up to 10 times higher, and strong computing support. Meanwhile, the Mid-City continuously deploys the ai server. 1) July 24, 24, R6930g3 large model-training server is on line to complete hardware and software.
Controllable, supporting multiple mainstream national productions of oam/sxm-type gpu acceleration cards, inter-card bandwidth of 400+gb/s, inter-node connectivity of 5600gbps, high-bandwidth high-speed interconnectivity, meeting super-high parallel computing needs for ai model training; 2) roll-out of aicube training
One-stop deployment and open-boxing, to satisfy the marginal node localization of 3.2 deep-dry chip industry, self-reflection of barriers for many years, with the creation of the design department in mid-1996 and the creation of full capital on this basis in 2003.
Microelectronics. The first wcdma-band treatment package in mid-2005 for microelectronics development was used to break the technological monopoly on foreign chips; in 2013, the company launched China’s first 4g-band treatment chip based on the 28nm process.
In China, microelectronics has developed autonomously and successfully commercialized more than 120 chips, covering the entire area of the ict industry “clouds, pipelines, terminals”, serving more than 160 countries and regions around the world, and has been rated “China's 10 largest integrated circuit design enterprise” for many years in a row.
There are core chips and solutions in wireless communications, broadband access, light transmission, and route exchange. In the process, 28 nm in mid-2018, and below, the proportion of advanced process chips delivered reached 84%, and on June 17, 20, mid-20th, midstream.
Communications at the interactive platform indicate that the company has chip design and development capabilities, 7 nanochips, mass production, commercialization in global 5g-scale deployments, 5 nanochips in technology, research and development, and Everest chip into mobile collection projects.
The network shows that the company has eight research and development bases, 4800+ patent applications, 200 million chips per year, and is now equipped with a full process design capability at the front and end of the complex soc chip. Meanwhile, Heung Ju Peak has successfully entered China to move the 2024 pc server product collection project (touch package)
(22) The 22nd package, with a total of 6173 servers valued at $381 million, revealed that the China-China-China-China-Changing-Telecom report for 2021 showed that China-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi.
In 2022, the company ranked tenth in the ranking of semiconductor enterprises in China. Figure 21: Top 25 semiconductor manufacturers in mainland China ranked strong growth. 24h1 company business earnings increased by 2.94% over the same period, and business operations grew by 2.94%.
This is mainly due to the impact of the country’s investment as a whole. Business income from business enterprises, storage, household terminals and mobile phone products has increased.
The cost rate is expected to improve and the profit rate to increase significantly. The cost rate during the 24h1 company period is stable cash flows from operating activities and the ratio of R & D staff is rising. The company focuses on cash flow management, with net cash flows from operating activities positive since 19 years, reaching 23 years.
The company’s ability to operate is strong, and there has been a marked decline in the number of working days of accounts receivable.
Operator network: In the traditional network of operators, companies maintain the lead in wireless, wired core products: In the network of arithmetic, companies have introduced full-scale intelligence solutions that cover arithmetic, networks, capabilities, large models and applications.
The environmental impact of investment, which we believe companies still have some structural growth opportunities, assumes that: in the political and corporate markets, companies pool resources and strengthen front-line market expansion capabilities; and a new generation of intelligence servers, high-end storage, data-centre switches, etc.
We believe that companies are expected to take advantage of the consumer business brought about by the numeracy and the innovation: the household terminal, the new market share of the company fttr, the wi-fi7 router product upgrades and network evolutions.
The company actively deployed the entire system of aai terminals covering mobile phones, tablets, notebooks and mobile interconnection devices; and launched the Aai enabling two-satellite 5g security flagship for industry users during the first half of the year.
We believe that companies are expected to maintain the trend of tax cuts, continue to strengthen cost controls, select three communications products companies as comparable company representatives, and choose relative valuation methods.
The company is valued at a market gain, compared to an average of 2024-2026. The performance is expected to increase steadily as a global lead provider of integrated communications information solutions, based on connectivity and expansion of the market for arithmetic products.
The international situation is volatile; major adverse changes in the market environment, industries and foreign trade-friendly policies in other countries or regions are likely to affect the performance and financial performance of companies; increased competition in the industry and a higher than expected reduction in the Māori rate; and increasing market participation.
Increased competition may result in a decline in corporate market ownership, a reduction in Maori rates and net profits Market share: operator capital expenditure shifts to arithmetic, which may lead to a reduction in corporate market share if company servers are not moving as fast as expected.
A summary of data projections on corporate financial statements The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for portfolio investment, produces the present report independently and objectively and with due diligence and professionalism, and ensures that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeks to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately, and that any conclusions are not in any third position
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.