An incident evaluation report from China Sea Oil Uniforms (601808.sh) Fanym@cfsc.com.cn High Oil Prices are running to boost production efficiency in storage
In the first half of 2022, international oil prices remained high, and hydrocarbon companies increased their investment in oil and gas exploration and exploitation. His forecast for 2022 was $493.6 billion, or 34.1 per cent, in global upstream exploration and development.
Development capital expenditure was $132.3 billion, or +19.9 per cent, and the total market size of the global oil field service industry was projected to be $266.4 billion, or +30.0 per cent, in 2022. The domestic oil service industry operated at a high price and three barrels of oil were significantly more profitable.
Millions of dollars, or +15.4 per cent, are added to the seven-year action plan’s national energy security strategy, with a significant increase in downstream profitability and a sustained domestic market climate. The light-asset oil industry is well advanced, shaping the global landscape.
During the first half of the year, the company ' s oil field technical services portfolio generated $7.57 billion, compared to +25.6 per cent, and increased its autonomous R & D capabilities, resulting in a number of technological achievements, leading to technology-added field technical uniforms.
The panel can effectively withstand the risks of cyclical fluctuations, reaching the Department of Mitigation Efficiency Strategies.
With a major breakthrough in the direction of autonomy, overseas monopolies have been broken, and in the global market (6010808) companies have commented on the season-by-sea competition at the end of the harvest. The company achieved high-temperature and continuous pipeline light in the Yonghai during the first half of the year.
First application of fibre-optic test technology: escool high temperature, high voltage electron imager for first operation in priority wells in terrestrial oil fields; first domestic adaptation in autonomous research and development
2- Bionavigational nano-incrementation applications in the Xinghai Sea, as reported in the China-Sea Oil Low Permeability Reserve *. In-depth report on clothing (60108): domestic climate
On the one hand, corporate globalization has been very effective. New visitors have been completed in the Americas in the first half of the year.
2022-02-10; a series of successful projects in South-East Asia, autonomously developed and successful applications of drilling liquid engineering software; and successful market openings in Africa
The platform ' s utilization rate increased and the daily rate remained low. The company ' s drilling service plate generated $5.06 billion in the first half of the year, or +16.2 per cent, and the drilling platform ' s daily usage increased to 77.4 per cent, compared to 12.1 per cent.
The average daily cost of the rig is $79,000. The impact and the cost of the offshore portion of the equipment operation have not yet returned to normal levels.
Well-services depend on their own platforms, with a strong asset profile. In 2020-2021, affected by the epidemic, the platform was downgraded, while daily fees remained low. With high oil prices, the warmth of the offshore garments industry will accelerate, and corporate profit elasticity will gradually ease.
From a longer dimension, the platform’s increased utilization will allow the daily bill to enter the upward route, opening up further opportunities for profit. International oil prices are at high risk of volatility; the overseas oil landscape is recovering less than expected;
Oceanic oil capital expenditure has not increased as expected; overseas operations are subject to political and economic environmental impacts The Mechanical Unit presents the experience of the automated industry, seven years of research experience in the mechanical industry, which is now mainly responsible for listed companies in the mechanical industry
Ding: The University of New South Wales has a Master of Finance and a Bachelor of Arts from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, which is now primarily responsible for the mechanical industry, reflecting my research views. I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or not for, any of the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.