In the evening of August 25, 2022, the China-China oil suit released its semi-annual report for 2022. In 2022, h1, the company achieved a revenue of $15,213 million, an increase of 19.45 per cent, a decrease of 7.62 per cent in the ring;
China Sea oil and gas clothing (601808.sh) The net profit from the mother now stands at $1,103 million, an increase of 37.57 per cent over the same period, an increase of 325.80 per cent over the ring; the benefits from the continued warming of the offshore oil and gas industry and the recovery of the oil industry. 2022 h1, International
The price of oil as a whole has risen at an average of $104.94/bp/bp, an increase of 60.89 per cent over the same period, and 37.27 per cent over the same period. Capital investment in upstream exploration and development has continued to grow, and the oil field service industry has been booming.
The recovery has been marked by an increase in the company's main workload and equipment usage rates, driven by the seven-year action plan to guarantee the country's energy security strategy and to boost its reserves. In 2022, the oilfield technology industry achieved $7.57 billion, an increase of 25.6 per cent, compared to the previous year; and the drilling services industry recorded an increase of 25.6 per cent.
In the first half of 2022, the company operated and managed a total of 57 platforms (including 44 self-propelled drilling platforms and
In the first half of the year, three semi-submarine platforms were reactivated in Europe, with significant performance in the Middle East market, yielding three. First Cover Report: A Climate Recovery, Policy Platform 5+2 High-end Client Operating Contracts.
The technological and equipment management capabilities are constantly being upgraded and market opening capabilities are expected to rise further. But at the exchange rate, China Sea Oil Capital Expenditure Rapid, Profited, is expected to rebound 2021.08.26
US$ 6.6 per cent decline in the same year, with semi-submarine platforms earning US$ 115,000 per day, compared with q3 profit margins, high oil prices, oil field technology plates: sustaining science, technology and innovation to map the global development landscape.
The first application of high-temperature continuous pipeline fibre optic test technology in a steam-level well in the Yonghai; gas recovery 2022.03.27.
The first operation of the Escool high temperature, high voltage imager in a priority well drilling in terrestrial oil fields; The 2201 High Profit, High Oil Prices for the Sea.
(b) The first level of the self-researched neutron density surveyor at a well in the Yonghai; and the first application of the nanocracking leachate for self-researching non-water-based drilling fluids.
Sinda Securities Inc. fills a gap in non-water-based applications of national manufactured nanomaterials; the first sea in the winning country, cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
In the first half of 2022, the company managed to open up American customers, winning the bid.
Several projects in South-East Asia, the signing of operational contracts in Africa, etc., the autonomous development of a liquid drilling facility (virtualmud) for successive successful applications in an oil field in the Middle East.
\triangleright delivers 12 eng power-protected supply ships. As of 30 June, the company operated and managed more than 160 operational vessels, platform supply vessels, oil-field-protected vessels, and so on.
Cooperative support capacity in the area of operations to effectively guarantee the service capacity of the operation, physical survey plate: the excess impact of the exploration industry is still present and the operational contribution of the seafloor nodes is increasing.
In the first half of the year, the company's obn team continued to update its single-day production records; the integrated navigation system “seaway”, the “hqi system”
The oil-producing cycle drives long-term high international oil prices, triggering large energy inflation.
After the conflict in the Russian Federation, even in view of the slow pace of recovery of demand, the recovery of shale oil in the United States, but a limited increase in production, a limited bottleneck, limited capacity and elasticity of production, a global gap in supply and demand of oil in 2022, and a strong oil price in the middle and long term, the addition of occ
The slow delivery of capacity, the insufficient or reduced long-term spending on Russian crude oil assets, and the negative impact of the increased production of shale oil in the United States on policies, investors, costs and resource areas, even in the light of the slowdown in economic growth and the transformation of old and new energy sources, we believe that the period 2023-2025 will be global in nature.
In the medium and long term, we believe that the global crude oil supply and demand gap will persist, that oil prices will operate at long-term high levels, and that the hub will continue to rise. China’s steady oil replenishment will expand, providing a strong guarantee of corporate profitability.
70% of the country will continuously increase its oil and gas exploration and investment to ensure energy security. With a combination of high international oil prices, a national energy security strategy, and a seven-year plan of action for China Sea Oil Mothers, China and China oil will continue to steadily expand their production in order to set up companies within the group.
We expect the company’s workload within the group to be stable. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast the company’s net return profits for 2022-2024, respectively.
In the interest of its competitive advantage and industrial climate, the growth of corporate performance in 2022-2024 is expected to accelerate and maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies. Risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risk of oil prices; and rebound demand recovery short of expectations
In 2017, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which was responsible for research on the price of crude oil, oil mining, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment assessment for the petrochemical projects of the Chinese firm Sindh Asset Management.
He is a research assistant in the petrochemical industry. Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.