The Sini Hill Signals are in the air, the oil field service, the Chinese suit (601808.sh)
The performance has recovered significantly, and is expected to continue to benefit from the high profile of the industry; high oil prices have led to a recovery in the garment market; and the company’s portfolio has grown across the board. In the first half of the year, international oil prices have gone up, oil and gas companies have increased their investment in oil and gas exploration and development, and the garment market has continued to recover as a result.
Market data: 2 September 2022, the world ' s rare integrated oil and gas service providers, companies fully benefiting from high industry climates, oil field technology services/drilling services/ship services/studies and engineering survey services, respectively.
Highest/lowest in the year: Drilling operations: calendar day usage rate 77.4%, yoy+12.1pct.
By the end of the first half of the year, the company had operated and managed a total of 57 platforms (44 self-propelled platforms and 13 semi-submarine platforms), of which 33 operated in China ' s maritime areas and 11 in North America and South-East Asia, respectively.
Industry, 11 platforms are on standby, and 2 are being repaired. The company continues to plow deep into the Middle East market, reaping three high-end client contracts in the first half of the year for drilling platform “5+2.” Field technology services: upgrading technological innovation capabilities and accelerating domestic and foreign expansion.
In the first half of the year, the company made the first use of a high-temperature, high-voltage video-image surveyer at a priority well in the terrestrial oil fields.
Operation: successful completion of the first well-drilling operation of the new customer of the Americas; successful development and high-quality completion of the first land well-fixing technical service in the Americas; completion of the first 10 drilling packages for a sector of the Americas; completion of the first 10 drilling kits for a sector of the Americas; two sea-drilling liquid operations in South-East Asia
A contract for a well-fixing service, two development projects, a five-year cable logging service, etc. Ship services: calendar day usage rate of 91.5%/oy+0.8 pct, active research into innovative green energy-saving techniques.
The remaining 26,251 days/yoy+8.7 per cent of cumulative operations have resulted in an increase in the usage and operation of other major lines of operation, with the exception of a small reduction in the number of oilfield watch vessels, well repair support vessels. In addition, active research has been carried out to create new green energy-saving technologies and, by the end of the last six months, a cumulative delivery of 12 eng power-protected supply vessels has been made.
Advances technology-driven strategies to break through key core technologies. The company’s first underwater release system, with a fully autonomous intellectual right to \triangleright, successfully industrializes its domestic applications and break foreign monopolies.
The system's primary well-entry rate was raised to 91.7 per cent, with the selection of the National Energy Agency's first heavy list of high-tech equipment in the field of energy, the consolidation of the results of scientific research on the system, the establishment of a global specialist support centre, the achievement of visualization of 24-hour operational command and technical support, and the provision of a model for traditional corporate technical support
A new development path is opened. Profit forecasting, valuation analysis, and investment proposals: considering the current high price shock, \triangleright \triangleright
The overall scale of investment in upstream global exploration and development will increase significantly, and the oilfield services market is expected to resume its \triangleright attitude and present this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.