China Sea oil uniforms (601808.sh) Petroleum petrochemical oilfield services iii industry upwards with a marked increase in performance
Profitability remained stable: 2022h1, the company ' s Māori sales rate of 12.25 per cent, a decline of 2.97 pct from the same year to the same year, a steady increase in sales due to exchange rate fluctuations, an increase in current exchange rate gains and a marked decrease in financial rates, resulting in a decrease of 3.52 pct from the same period.
The price of oil continues to be high and upstream capital expenditure has risen significantly: the average crude oil price of 2022h1, the average bront of $103.7 per barrel, the oil and gas companies have increased their investment in oil and gas exploration and development, and the industry has been on the upswing. ihsmarkit, the most recent study of Global Upstream Capital Expenditure, predicts that global upstream exploration and development capital will be available in 2022
The latest Oil Field Services Market Report projected a global market size of $265.4 million in 2022, an increase of 30.0 per cent. Higher international oil prices, increased domestic production from reserves, and steady growth in domestic oil services markets continued.
The oil fields have experienced the fastest growth in their technological plates and rapid expansion of domestic and foreign projects: 7,510 million yuan, an increase of 24.63 per cent over the same period; domestic and foreign projects have expanded rapidly: domestically, the escool super-high-temperature high-pressure well system has been completed, four wells above 175°C have been warmed up, and the domestic market has increased rapidly.
(b) Outside: in Saudi Arabia, a major long-term drilling contract was signed; in Malaysia, the dredging of mudslides and the construction of wells to serve new customers;
In Mexico, the advantages of corporate integration are increasingly being highlighted: in eight operations, such as the successful drilling of wells, solid wells, directional wells, etc. Central Sea oil uniforms: high oil-satting, 22q1 overprofit, pre-integration projects; and in Indonesia, integrated projects to obtain seven operations, such as solid wells, liquid completion, survey wells, etc., for the common good.
The Division opened up a new situation by expanding the regional market.
The average daily utilization rate of drilling platforms has reached 77.4 per cent and the daily rate is expected to rise: 2022h1, with the company operating and managing a total of 57 platforms (including 44 self-edged and 13 semi-submarine platforms), of which 33 operate in China, 11 in North America and South-East Asia, and 11 in South-East Asia.
In the first half of the year, the company drilled the platform for 8,017 days, an increase in the same number of days; the semi-submarine rig operated for 1,385 days, an increase of 103 days. The platform ' s daily usage rate was increased by 12.1 to 77.4 per cent compared to the increase in the volume of operations.
The exchange rate impact and the cost of some equipment operations abroad have not yet returned to normal levels, with average daily earnings from self-incremented and semi-submarine drilling platforms falling to varying degrees in the first half of 2022 compared to the same period last year, with an average daily income from self-introduction drilling platforms of $71,000, a 6.6 per cent decline in the same year; and an average daily income from semi-submarine platforms of $115,000, the same amount.
(c) Carbon neutrality and policies to accelerate the development of new energy sources and lower demand for crude oil.