Non-financial companies report on energy in the tri-gorges (600905.sh) - Elimination of pressure from and entry into the market highlights the benefits of green power development
Investment rating: Increase (maintenance) \triangleright Liu Xiaoning
The fall in profits has increased in the last three quarters, and the pressure to absorb and enter the market has been severe. The fall in the company's revenue in the first three quarters has been largely due to a loss.
Sound utilization hours have fallen year-on-year, while marketized transactions have resulted in electricity price bearings; the fall in profits in the first three quarters, in addition to the effects of the harvest, and the increase in operating costs associated with the consolidation of new projects; the non-recurrent gains and losses in the first three quarters have been mainly the result of the disposal of participating holdings of hydropower assets for approximately $500 million.
The profits have increased on a quarterly basis over the same period, with new energy stress and the pressure on or increase in the price of electricity traded after entering the market. The operating cost has increased by $587 million, and the one-time drop in revenue and costs has been associated with the loss of revenue and electricity prices.
The construction and storage projects are based on wind power and large base projects and are of high quality. By the end of June of this year, \triangleright 13,82 million kilowatts, of which wind power and light voltage are 533, 4.78 million kilowatts, while 2,696 million kilowatts are to be installed.
Of these, wind power and light voltage are 1143 thousand and 1543 thousand kilowatts, respectively. The company’s reserves are rich and balanced, reflecting the company’s ability to access project resources and providing additional options for secondary screening of subsequent projects.
Launch of the Guidance on Promoting New Energy Consumption and Regulation (Development of Energy 1360), which identifies the scale, direction and path of new energy development for the 15th century, as well as policies such as the “New Energy Use” at the level of evaluation, and the level of profitability and willingness to build upon the entry of current new energy power operators into the market, is expected to be 10
My own personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers, my diligent professional approach to research, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective presentation of this report, and the fact that no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, is, or will be, directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views contained in this report.