Next city, with orders from an internationalized car company, a major event in Lithium 300014.
The company issued a bulletin on the receipt of vendor selection notifications by subsidiaries, and the billion-latitude capacity of the Lithium Energy Company, Huaizhou, was involved in the electronic core procurement activities organized by the Korea Modern Kea Automobile Group, Inc., and recently received a vendor selection notice from modern Kia, with an estimated demand of 13.48gwh for the next six years.
In the next city, the company was ordered by an internationalized car company to demonstrate its technical and market power. In 2018, the company obtained Dymler’s approval, signed a procurement contract with Dymler, opening the first step towards the internationalization of the company. The company obtained a modern Kia group’s order, which is expected to guarantee its future performance growth over the next six years. This time, the company obtained an internationalized car firm order to further highlight its technology in the power cell field.
In addition, the public interest in the inputs and construction of modern plants has led to a significant reduction in unit capacity labour costs and to a greater degree in product consistency. The company’s continued acquisition of internationalized vehicle orders and the recognition of technological power have provided firm foundations for the company’s top-down clientele.
In 2018, China sold 1.25 million new energy vehicles, an increase of more than 60% compared to the previous year, and maintained high growth rates. The global wave of electricization was accompanied by internationalizations such as BMW, Mercedes, the general public, Toyota, etc. In the field of electric vehicles, power is on the rise. In the near future, 30 million new energy vehicles are expected to be sold globally in 2030, accounting for about 30%.
The company proposes to raise an additional $2.5 billion to continue to add code high-end battery capacity for the construction of the 5gwh Menu-Dynamic Power Generation Battery Project and the 187 million high-performance battery projects for material networking applications, which are expected to generate an average of $5,085 million per year after delivery, representing a net profit of $337 million.
The company achieved $4,351 million in 2018, an increase of 45.9 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother, $571 million, an increase of 41.57 per cent in the same year.
Active expansion of the emerging goods network market to achieve phased results and steady growth of lithium primary battery operations; consumption of lithium ion batteries, acquisition of gold energy batteries in Huaizhou, expansion of production capacity, optimization of customer structure and rapid growth of corporate operations; 3 power cell and storage battery operations, orderly release of capacity and rapid growth of performance; 4 participation in Shenzhen McVell Inc., resulting in higher performance expectations of the company
Investment is proposed to maintain a “recommended” rating. The company received orders from major internationalized mainframes, such as Daimler and modern Kia, and the technical strength of the rating system’s “market index” reference of 300 indexes.
I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to present this report independently and objectively and within the limits of my knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is not covered by the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, etc.
Interference and influence by stakeholders such as asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report, that I have not used the publication of this report for my own benefit and that of its stakeholders, or that I am in the process of publishing it.