Performance exceeded expectations slightly, with investment returns increasing significantly by $4,355,119.06 million, or 45.90 per cent over the same period in the previous year; operating profits of $60,492.64 million, representing a rapid increase in performance compared to the same period in the previous year, which was slightly higher than expected
The reasons for the significant growth in corporate performance include: (1) the firm ' s active expansion of the emerging goods network market to achieve phased results, and steady growth of lithium ion cell operations; (2) the consumption of lithium ion batteries and the acquisition of Hyeju gold to expand production capacity, optimize customer structure and drive rapid growth of corporate operations; and (3) power and energy battery operations.
An orderly release of production capacity and rapid growth in performance; and (4) over-expected performance of Shenzhen McVell Holdings, Inc., resulting in a significant increase in returns on corporate investment on a year-on-year basis.
The company's three-dollar battery was certified by the power tool client tti, delivered in bulk during the second half of the year, the line was fully operational, the cylindrical line was prepared to form a shipment, and other customers, such as calves, ninebot and Gulibo, had sufficient orders to ensure that the cylinder battery would continue to grow in volume next year.
Car customers, Golden Dragons, etc., are currently second only to Catl and Biadei, third in the industry, while the company has entered into power storage orders and storage operations with China for the long list of telecommunications, the winning high-level group, etc. The lithium battery will grow rapidly next year, and the company's size effects will continue to grow as the volume increases.
The effect of raising a large proportion of R&D costs in the first half of the year will diminish in the second half of the year, with a turning point for power and storage of lithium batteries, with positive benefits expected in 19 years. Soft package 3-dollar battery positioning high-end vehicles, high-quality customers.
In August this year, the company signed a long-term supply agreement with Daimler, in close cooperation with the Korean skeet, and several first-class domestic and foreign car customers approached the company. The company benefited from an increase in downstream consumers, a decrease in low-end power customers, a steady improvement in the cash flow of the company ' s operations since the second quarter, and receivables.
The size is also under control, and it is expected that next year’s firm’s debt ratios will be reduced after the targeted increase in distribution, and the balance sheet will be modified 26 times and 21 times, respectively.
Xu Wai: Master of Technology from Zhejiang University, two years of experience in securities research, covering power generation from new sources. Li Xiaohowo: Master of Space Engineering from Beijing University of Technology, one year of experience in securities research, covering vehicles from new sources.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City