The growth of traditional businesses and the breakthrough of lithium batteries in vehicle and storage capacity The company issued a fast-track 2018 performance report of $4,351 million in operating income, compared to the growth in lithium primary batteries, which are robust and high in consumer-grade lithium ion batteries. The company is the leader of the lithium primary batteries.
Industry, country first, and global third. With the rapid growth of the Internet, growing market demand for smart households, smart transportation, smart security, etc., companies continue to innovate and gain the recognition of their customers, ensuring a robust increase in their market share.
Recognition and orders from major international customers are important drivers in the rapid growth of lithium primary battery performance. Cost-free lithium ion batteries are the basis of company operations. Mergers and acquisitions are co-written, products are rapidly upgraded in the electric and elastic market, and they are solidified with large customers, both domestically and internationally.
The total stock/flow (million shares) of the power lithium ion battery is diversified, waiting to be released in the use of vehicles.
Total market value/flow (millions) Lithium battery products, including tri-cylinders, tri-flexible bags and tri-cube squares, phosphate lithium production capacity 2.5gw, 12-month maximum/minimum
The main applications are in passenger vehicles and storage, including Nanjing Kinglong and Woo-tung, and the storage customers are plentiful. At present, the life cycle of phosphate in storage energy has increased significantly, the commercial value of storage energy has been demonstrated, and the company will continue to produce phosphate in power and energy.
The output of the three-dimensional cylinders, 3.5gw, has shifted to the market for electric tools, with the major customers being the largest international tti, Bud, etc., whose full utilization has a clear positive impact on the performance of the company. The three-dollar package, with its current capacity of 1.5gw, is in the hands of the company.
In the area of car ownership, the company signed a multi-year supply agreement with Daimler during the reporting period, which shows that the company ' s products have made a breakthrough in performance and quality, that there will be opportunities to give more rides in the future, and that this is another core product of the company ' s new-energy-based auto-powered battery.
Outside, the company released a fixed increase plan, proposed an increase of RMB 2.5 billion, and continued to expand the lithium battery production line, with great potential for the company’s development. The e-smoking business strategy was compromised, and performance continued to outpace expectations.
The company still holds 37.55% of McWear, with $191 million in dividends. During the reporting period, McWear's performance grew at a high rate, and 1 qos ceramic heater was developed, both for electronic smoke and medical use, and will continue to include rapid growth trends in the future.
Investment proposals: traditional master industries are excellent in quality, sustained high growth, electronic tobacco products and markets are expanding, storage and power lithium ion batteries have made a breakthrough, waiting to be driven by motor power.
Battery runs, and the company will be a supplier of integrated lithium batteries. We expect the company to study the 9th North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.