I'm sure I'll be able to reduce the bottlenecks in production capacity.
The company’s four main lines of operations are moving in tandem: lithium primary batteries, as the company’s traditional master camp, continue to grow steadily; the consumption and storage of lithium power, which benefits from a strong demand in the industry, expands capacity and achieves high performance growth; and the company’s shareholding company, McVell, has outperformed expectations.
The company’s products include lithium-subsultanyl chloride batteries, lithium-manganese batteries, lithium-di-sulphides.
Iron batteries, etc., which benefit from their high energy density, good performance at a wide temperature range, long storage life, etc., are widely applied to all kinds of smart meters, intelligent transport, medical devices, major shareholders (2018 q3)
e-call, and smart security, have been expanded to include auto tire pressure monitoring systems, smoke alarms, Tibet Billion Latitude Holdings Ltd. and radio frequency recognition (RFID) and new applications related to networking.
The rise in demand from the new market will drive the company’s lithium primary battery business to grow steadily. The added-code lithium electricity market will address production bottlenecks.
The company has developed and produced smart enough to wear devices, smart sound boxes, electromagnetizers, and so on.
A total of 115 million shipments are expected to reach 123 million in 2018, and the size of the market is expected to continue to grow in double digits as smart watches and other wearing products continue to spread. Companies continue to consume the electronic market by adding codes.
In order to effectively address the capacity bottlenecks, the company's non-public fund-raising will be used for the "high-performance lithium ion cell project for face-to-face networking" after the birth, which will result in annual production consumption of lithium.
ion batteries with 187.2 million capacity, the city of powered lithium power is growing and there is a huge potential market for storage of lithium energy.
To benefit from the pre-subsidization or transitional car hijacking effect, and the major collaboration, the number of new energy buses in Nanjing Kinglong has increased significantly, and last year they entered the Utun bus system. In addition, the quality of the company’s soft-packed batteries is recognized by high-end customers overseas.
A multi-year cooperation agreement could be concluded with Big Dimler. The acceleration of the 5g era and the “lithium Electrification” of the telecommunications base source back-up.
Volt and wind power capacity is growing, and the global market for electrical and chemical storage energy will grow rapidly. This round of undisclosed fund-raising will also be used for the construction of the Lithium ion Batteries project, which will produce a lithium ion with an annual high energy capacity of 5 gwh after delivery.
The company's power of lithium power and storage power are actively deployed downstream, and the company's share of the market is being seized. McVell's performance is bright, increasing the company's investment earnings.
Taking into account the company's investment earnings. Thanks to the increased contribution of open brand-owned electronic mist equipment and the continued growth of odm large client orders, McWeilq1/q2/q3 was achieved, respectively, with the company's unpublished release, the company's lithium ion battery production bottlenecks will continue to change.
Good, so we raise corporate profits projections for 2020, which are expected to double in 2019 and 2020. With the company’s new capacity released, the volume of goods delivered is expected to rise, and downstream demand continues to increase, and companies supply high-end supply chains abroad, adding lithium to the company’s output.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, as specifically recommended in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.