Blast models can be replicated, and high-speed product cyclers can be used to verify blast patterns, and it's expected to be replicated.
1.5 The product is rapidly expanded using direct marketing control plus a doctor-bound approach, and when it matures, it is distributed, and because of the strength of the product, the high-profile effect of the product on the consumer becomes a blowout.
Circulation of equity (million shares) Upgrades, continuous product rotations, thereby prolonging the product's life cycle. Reproduction: Disaggregated paths, such as regenerative needles, are still in the early stages of the industry, and companies are expected to rely on strong research and development, certification, and consumer insight.
The early introduction of more competitive products, the pre-eminence, the replication of the high-growth model, the creation of new blast products, the continuous expansion of the product matrix, the gradual development of strong branding, joint promotion, corporate prices compared to the 300-deep trend
Fork sales, further prolonging the life cycle of the product. • Product replacements, driving companies to continue to grow.
The pre-circle needle market has not yet been proven, and high body 1.5 can still maintain a competitive advantage, and company salesmen are increasingly experienced and are expected to dig further heads, waist customers, increase the frequency of incoming goods, and maintain faster growth.
Cat needles, water-based products, live bubble needles, higher prices, and currently not fully covered at the end of the pipeline, there is still room for expansion. (2) During the day, only three products in the regenerative market are on the market, white angels are better at safety, duration, and value for money, and companies adopt sound marketing strategies.
Controlling terminal prices, completing initial channel coverage, is expected to enter the fast-discharge phase. (3) Botox toxins: company agent Hutox is expected to be on the market in 2024, competing with soundness and counterbalances, with the hope of building on accumulated channel advantages and cross-selling and seizing market shares at the lower and middle ends.
Through R & D, certification, consumer insight, early introduction of new sub-products, pre-emptively, and promotion through direct marketing + distribution, binding of doctoral resources, etc., to take over the growth of the company; and the gradual development of scalability advantages and continuous optimization of business management to achieve efficiency gains,
The new product promotion is uncertain; industry regulation is tightened; industry competition is intensified; the epidemic is repeated; the explosives model is validated and platforms are gradually being built; and, based on life-cycle theory, the development of the medical and aesthetic sector can be divided into four phases: (1) import period: with technology.
Since consumer education is just beginning, the ability of products to match demand, and the ability of products to grow is key for subsequent growth. Thus, companies that take the lead in launching commercial products can take a pre-emptive advantage by being able to capture consumption demand with strong R & D + certification capabilities. (2) In the long run: in the pre-growth period:
The growth of competitors, the uncertainty of competition patterns, and the ease with which the expansion of channels can be accompanied by high prices, erodes the profits of the channels and drags down the pace of the preparation of the goods. Thus, firms with faster high-quality access, stronger control of the channels and market growth are able to rapidly increase the rate of the market.
The formation of a corporate division capable of rapidly expanding the depth, breadth, and re-routing of new companies to achieve holding and lowering the cost of efficiency controls, gradually taking up consumer mind in the course of industry development, with strong brand power still growing faster. (4) During recession: in order to avoid shrinking demand, early transition or subversion
Technology opens up new demands. Hi has successfully certified the company's ability to build explosives, and it's expected to replicate the model. After a long build-up of strong R & D capabilities, certification capabilities, consumer insight, the company has launched its only neck pin high 1.5, occupied.
The company sells in a combination of direct marketing and distribution, initially through direct sales to ensure price assurance channels for profit, deep binding core doctors, and when the product matures, uses the distribution method to further raise the coverage and delivers the amount. At the same time, powerful product forces create a reputational effect among consumers.
Repurchase belts are new, creating explosives; corporate voice is raised, plant prices, terminal prices are strictly controlled, and industrial chain profits are secured; branding is enhanced to allow companies to continue to rotate their products, thereby prolonging their life cycle. Consumers, doctors, and feedback can also further enhance the consumer’s insight, enabling them to continue to improve, innovate and develop a virtuous circle of products.
At present, the circuits of regenerative needles, recombinant glyph proteins, solution needles, etc. are still in the early stages of the industry, and the company is expected to develop a more competitive product earlier with strong R & D capabilities, certification capabilities, consumer insight, copying the high body model, building new blasts, thus expanding the product matrix and gradually developing a strong branding, joint promotion and exchange.
Fork sales, further extension of product life cycle.
The R & D cost ratio, the R & D workforce, is one of the highest in the industry, with significant R & D advantages. Companies focus on R & D inputs, the R & D cost input rate is more than 7%, the R & D staff ratio is more than 20%, well above other competitors in the industry, and the R & D team has a diverse professional background covering bioengineering, pharmaceutical engineering, clinical medicine.
On average, more than eight years of medical experience have been gained in the field of specialization. At the same time, companies have focused more on research and development (R & D) than other competitions, with more focus on research and development (R & D) inputs and research and development (R & D) issues.
There are a number of core technologies, such as suspended technology, floating and dispersing two-synchronous microball technology. Most of the company’s listed products are in the first line of the product class, and many of the products are still under development, which is expected to expand the corporate product matrix on a continuous basis.
Figure 4 Continuous increase in the number of R & D staff
Sodium translucent acid gel of microballs, ball skin filler, tight love: poly-dioxycyclohexone surface line.
The company’s chief executive, Jang Jun, and its chief executive, Ishih Peak, is working on the product, and the management is experienced and empowered, with great consumer insight.
The marketing director, Drina, and other core management staff have been working for years in the medical and beauty industry, experienced, and have a stronger insight into market changes and regulatory dynamics. Companies focus on direct marketing channels, in-depth binding of terminals, training doctors through the All-China Academy, encouraging consumers to share their consumption experiences, and thus better capture consumption demand and introduce specific consumer demand.
Products, such as the company's single neck-coated needle highs in the market, 1.5, and the wake-up week pandas, are well certified and have qualification barriers. In order to reduce the approval time, companies will study more advanced technologies ahead of time, as a storage project, and will choose to be clinically and registered at the right time.
From 2009 to date, the company has approved seven products with an average over-certification cycle of less than two years. Given the 3-5-year approval cycle for three categories of medical instruments, competitors have higher barriers to entry, strong qualifications, 1.2 direct sales + distribution co-ordinates, and bind doctors’ endpoints.
Direct marketing models: help companies to become more involved in the marketing and end-marketing of products in health-care institutions, capture high-quality resources, improve price-control capabilities, maintain sound marketing strategies; and be more accessible to doctors, consumer feedback and advice, thereby increasing consumer insight and change.
Direct marketing models are suitable for the training and promotion of doctors for premature and less recognized products. Distribution models: primary coverage of medical institutions that are not directly covered by the company’s sales team is conducive to a rapid expansion of market ownership of products. Distribution models are suitable for higher market recognition.
By the end of 2021, the number of distributors had reached 185. The company covered more than 4400 medical and American institutions, of which the direct distribution channel covered about 4,000. The share of direct sales was stable at around 60 per cent. The company was expected to take advantage of the direct distribution + distribution model and contribute to the release of new products.
Figure 12 Direct sales, distribution pattern revenue and percentage changes in the number of distribution channels (houses) in figure 11.
End-of-life consumers rely heavily on the advice of doctors at the end of the spectrum. Thus, the Department focuses on higher end-of-life B outreach than direct end-of-C consumer marketing, combining training of doctors with an authorization system, and building and improving learning platform systems with efficient and stable channels provides a pre-emptive advantage for the promotion of new products.
Prior to the epidemic, mainly through the training of under-line doctors and academic outreach, the company organized 150 conferences at all levels in 2021. Under the impact of the epidemic, the company launched the All-China Academy online platform, using a combination of off-line and off-line combinations, and continued to enable end-of-service support products, with more than 160 off-line meetings in the first half of 2022.
2022h1, more than 12,000 accredited doctors have been registered in all-class classrooms, focusing on over 30,000 users, academic brands, sales people digging deep into the value of their clients to improve their effectiveness, and selling costs are lower. As a result of the successful outreach of end-b, the cost of sales in companies is far lower than that of competitors, and the downward trend has been maintained, with sales costs rising from 19% in 2018.
As the number of direct customers increases from year to year, the number of sales personnel rose from 84 in 2017 to 236 in 2021.
Figure 13 Doctors, number of users (millions)
Number of sales in figure 17 Average human effects of salespersons in figure 18 (thousands of dollars) 2 product relay leads, pulls the engine for long cycles
In 2017, the company introduced the only carotid high in the market, and after two years of market development, it entered the release period, followed by the company ' s high body 1.0, a live blisters needle, which replaced the growth drive.
The city’s only three regenerative products, which provide high safety, long duration, high value for money during the day, add up to the advantages of the high-speed system’s accumulated channels, operations, and so on, and are expected to open the second growth curve. Moreover, companies continue to distribute products such as botox, lirrulus, etc., and continue to refine the product matrix and expand the growth frontier.
2.1 Hives: The product matrix is expanding, driving growth on a continuous basis, and the HI product matrix is expanding and becoming the main source of revenue. The HI 1.5 is the only product that fills the gap in demand in the market. After two years of cultivation, it began to grow in 2019. The company was launched in 2020.
A wake-up product, panda needles, in 2021, a live-bubble needle was launched to boost growth, the company ' s 2021 high-level system column, chart 20, the size and speed of the market for transparent acid fillers, chart 21 high-growth and speed changes.
The product only includes the high body and the high beauty, which are gradually entering a recession, and the high body collection in 2019.
The market space for urephatic acid is wide and is measured as follows: (1) According to the National Statistical Office, the price of the plant was -1 per cent for 2016 - 2021. Based on the above assumptions, the market for urephatic acid reached 16.7 billion yuan (21.1 per cent for 2021 - 2026cagr) in 2026.
Hi matrix products are gradually perfected, and the top 1.5+2.5, the top 1.0, and the thump bubble needles are replaced by the length of the lead drive, and the city’s share is expected to rise further in the future. (1) Hi, neck, 1.5: Focused neck stripes are restored, with exclusive market dividends. Because the neck skin is relatively thin,
Leather glands and sweat glands are smaller, the skin is less rapidly updated, it is difficult to lock water, and it is extremely susceptible to wrinkles. At the same time, in order to satisfy the physiological needs of the neck, the skin is relatively loose, leading to an increase in neck strips with age.
The technique improves skin laxity, increases tightness, and has a more limited effect on the repair of neck stripes. The company captures the neck stripes, needs a blank market, and in 2017 introduced the only wrinkled neck restoration product, a high neck pin of 1.5. The body can effectively remove the neck stripes: it contains transparent acids, multiple amino acids, vitamins b2 and l-bone.
A week after injection, transparent acid absorbs nutrients such as metabolic amino acids, mussels, vitamins and so on. Fibrous cells produce more gel proteins, i-peptunium removes the platinum, in which the active oxygen free radicals form a single 300nm gel protein.
Ordered, elastic fibres are formed to correct the medium-heavy neck strip. And the high body uses small-molecular non-combined transparent acids, which are much less resistant to elastic deformities than concocted transparent acids and can minimize the likelihood of complications and high safety performance.
In 2017, high body 1.5 neck pins were marketed, middle-end price belts were located, 2 years of market breeding, 2019 of exclusive neck-stamp restoration market dividends.
(ii) Hive 1.0 panda needles: Awakening Week restoration products and taking over the Blue Sea market. In addition to the 2020.6 company ' s step-by-step roll-out of Awakening Week ' s Hiding 1.0 panda needles, the medical-American market has been approved mainly for beauty, beauty, and Vymé, with the most splentiful components being intercoupled pig-pluminal proteins, with limited production capacity and higher prices;
The main component of the prayer is the reorganization of the iii human source gel protein, which solves the problem of capacity limits, but without any intersectional agent, immediate engraving, and short maintenance time. Panda needles can improve eye strips, black eye rings by stimulating their own gel protein regeneration, without production restrictions, long maintenance time, and value for money.
It's more competitive than the competition. It's led to the formation of the brand, the consolidation of channels, operational advantages, and the rapid entry of panda needles into the long term, both of which together boosted growth, generating $1,046 million (2019 - 2021cagr, 107 per cent) in 2021.
And with a low penetration rate, in the blue sea market, a company pre-positioned, pre-optimal, panda needles, with a significant, long-term, high-priced advantage, are expected to be a major increase in the gradual relay of the 1.5-circle pins, the company's roll-out of the live bubble needles, and the live bubble needles are the 2.5-up version of the carotid partner's high-up, in the original l-bacterium, etc.
Adding double-molecular transparent acids based on splits to achieve antioxy+sugar+water recharge: 1l-septic: l-sophylene in real skin-benthic membrane-surface structure, targeted resistance to skin ageing due to external factors such as photoaging, enhanced skin tissue antioxy+syrose resistance, increased skin cell activity, medical separation membrane formation, yellowing of skin, oscillation, etc.
(b) Sodium translucency of the natural structure of the two molecules: Sodium translucency of the molecules is built on the basis of skin, gel formations of the "transparent acid-protein-water" are constructed to soften the angular layers of the skin and enhance the breathing of the angular layer;
2022.3.30 The National Drug Control Service issues a bulletin on the adaptation of parts of the system, which integrates water light needles into three categories of medical equipment management.
The wrinkled wrinkled, less transparent and acid products; the main function is water recharge, and the main function is resistance to decay and recharge. The living bubble needles are mainly antioxy+sugar+refilled, but more cost-effective for the sarcophagus.
At a slower pace, the follow-up vibrating bubble needles are expected to be the 2.5 main water needles market. According to Irey’s consulting data, only 33.3 per cent of the market-based real-estated needles are in circulation, and, as water light needles become more regulated, the vibrating bubble needles are expected to be the first to benefit from the boosted share of the goods, the relays are the 1.5 panda needles, which drive the rapid growth of the high-supplier camp.
Diagram 28 Medical Isolated Diagram 2.2 during the day makes it possible to regenerate needles, create a second growth curve, and young consumers pursue resistance to early age, naturalisation, and regenerative needles match new demand.
For the stereo facial bone, our consumer has a flat facial bone and has an early age of skin laxity. According to new oxygen, 2019-2021 of our health-care consumer population aged 20 to 30 is more than 60%, with the highest proportion of non-surgery-type projects, about 25%. The consumer aesthetic shift towards naturalisation and regenerative injection.
The three compliant regenerators that are now on the market are Avidine, ellanse, Daytime, and locate high-end price bands, which will gradually divert high-end urinate products (Joyardon, Reylan, mainly foreign brands) from Al-Building, q-med in 2021.
The market space for regenerative needles is expected to be about one third of that for high-end urinary acid manufacturers. Figure 31 shows the highest proportion of non-surgical consumption of non-surgical incompetence projects.
It's hard to resist decay, and it's thin-faced and white-skinned, color-skinned, and it makes the main ingredient in daytime microballs, conjunctures of urinary acid, lidocaine, and abundance: (1) double regeneration: compared to a single regenerative material, the double regenerative technique of daytime allows later stages of glue.
Protein regeneration is more prominent and has a more visible and lasting effect; (2) the immediate and forward effect of the perfect relay: phase 1 is immediately effective, phase 2 is stimulating the dual regeneration of its own gel proteins, and the perfect combination of the two phases allows the skin to remain flexible and tight for long periods of time, continuously lifts and sharpens its skin; and (3) the disinfection of swollen pains:
Technologically, innovations have been made to optimize the shape, diameter and suspension of microballs, reducing the incidence of bruising and inflammation from its root causes; (4) pain-free comforts: including lidocaine with cerebral effects and therapeutic comforts; (5) inoptimal light: milk white fillers, which are more natural than urinary acid; (6) stereoresist.
Decay: The product is more competitive and is expected to penetrate rapidly by means of a combination of gel protein and urinary acid supplementation, contour, capacity supplementation, booster, and skin improvement. 2021.7 days bring the product to the market, regeneratives, and only three products are approved on the market.
To fill in, there is no plastic function, and during the day the injections are deeper and more plastic and do not constitute a direct competition; during the day, compared to Yeon-seok, there is a risk of no knots, bruising, high safety, long duration and value for money. The company uses a combination of medical training and authorization systems, a vast network of channels and learning.
Positioning high-end price bands to capture the market share of high-end urinate products. High-end prices for urinate products are dominated by more branded foreign medical and American manufacturers, and domestic urinate products account for their share of the market at medium- and low-end prices.
Injection products have a greater advantage in filling than urinate products: (1) maintenance time, natural filling: plla/pcl can produce filling effects by stimulating regenerative glycol proteins, which last longer and have more natural effects than the urinic acid “fill-degradation” model. (2) Safety: the pureuriate confluence cannot be fully metabolic, plla/pcl
It can be completely metabolic and safer. Domestic medical and beauty manufacturers take up a share of the foreign market for high-end boulic acid products through high-end prices (the end price is around 15,000/ml) for regenerative needle products, while higher end prices also provide greater profit margins and incentives for downstream medical and American institutions.
Diagram 36 regenerative vs. urinary acid improvement effects Figure 35 Price belt distribution of urinate products 2.3 botulinum toxin: listed immediately, seized share of medium- and low-end market
It can be used in multiple parts of the body, and can be combined with a variety of products to achieve the effect of 1+1>2.
The formal market for botulinum toxins is expected to grow rapidly with tighter regulations, expanded applications, and increased product abundance. According to Frost Sullivan, the formal market for botulinum toxins is expected to reach 159 billion yuan in 2026 (29.2% from 2021 to 2026cagr).
Figure 37 Joint application of botulinum toxins to achieve 1+1>2 effects Chart 38 Size and acceleration of the Chinese botulinum toxin market
The batch cycle is at least eight years old, with a very high entry threshold, with domestic enterprises mostly organizing themselves through proxy or equity investments. By 2020, the market for bottox was more concentrated, with only high-end and low-end checks, 23.7 per cent in 2019, 76.3 per cent and sales 44.4 per cent and 55.6 per cent respectively.
With the official approval in 2020 of Yoshikami and Lattig, there are still a number of botulinum toxin products to be marketed, and the mid- and low-end products of Korea ' s hunos are expected to be marketed in 2024, with a certain leading advantage, with the prospect of rapid diffusion, including through the accumulated resources of the company, cross-sales, etc., to capture the share of the low- and medium-end market.
Figure 392019 Market share of botulinum toxin (by volume of sale) Figure 402019 Market share of botoxin (by volume of sale) Refrigeration can remain stable for two years
The impact of the epidemic has diminished, and product replacements are expected to drive companies to grow. Companies 2018-2021 registered a 46% increase, mainly due to the recurrent effects of the epidemic, which has led to a decline in passenger flows.
The number of infected persons has reached a rapid peak, resulting in the immunization of certain groups, the gradual recovery of the under-line passenger flow, and the promotion of a gradual process. Hi, products such as body 1.5, panda needles, daytime needles, live bubble needles, etc., are expected to take over from the steady growth of the company, which, by category, is dominated by soluble and gel injection products, which were collected in 2021.
The significant increase in the share of liquids, 72%, 27% respectively, was mainly due to the growth of the high-growth system, followed by the expected increase in the share of gel injection products as a result of higher unit prices during the daytime.
It's 1+1, it's set in the daytime; 2 companies keep pushing panda needles and making daytime products to raise factory prices; 3 companies have costs that are based on raw materials, production costs, and the scale effect of the growth in high body use. Solvents, gel injections, etc.
The average prices increased from $331, 363/year in 2018 to $384,546/year in 2021, and the price system is expected to be maintained over the next 2 to 3 years, owing to the lack of evidence from the Hive 1.5. As the prices are high, with panda needles, daytime needles, etc., and the company’s production more sticky, the ability to control prices has increased.
The average unit bid is expected to increase steadily. The scale effect is expected to be further highlighted when the product volumes are added, from the Māori rate changes for the main groups in figure 45 to the unit price changes for the main groups in figure 46 (M/F, plant prices)
The change in unit costs for the main groups of goods in figure 47 (in dollars/spents) is due to a slight decrease in the Māori rate as a result of the cost of construction caused by the daytime.
Cost composition of chart 48 Efficient management and smooth and manageable cost rates. Cost of sales: company based on direct sales, distribution as an auxiliary sales model, introduction of the All-China Academy, training of doctors, improvement of doctor's stickyness and recognition, and thus product promotion.
The distribution rate is expected to decline steadily as the number of doctors covered by the All-China Institute increases and the sales staff gain experience.
The decrease to 4 per cent, followed by a steady decrease in management efficiency as the digitalization progresses. 49 gross figure, changes in net interest rates. Cost of construction, resulting in a slight decrease in the Māori rate
Profit forecasting and investment advice: Collection: The life cycle of the product series is different, with a turnover-driven growth of companies: (1) The collection of cagr in the 2021-2024 hi system is 37%, of which the hip 1.5 neck pin is 20%.
The scale effect is expected to increase further when products are scaled up. The cost rate is: the core doctors are tied up at the All-China College, the sales staff are more effective, and digitalization is more efficient.
R & D costs remain stable and cost rates are expected to remain stable. Companies take over to drive corporate growth through R & D, certification, consumer insight, early roll-out of new sub-products, pre-optimal advantage, and promotion through direct marketing + distribution, binding of doctors’ resources, etc.; and progressive formation of rules.
Modelling advantages and continuously optimizing business management, achieving efficiency gains and increasing profitability. We anticipate that the uncertainty of the spread of new products: the spread of new products, such as living bubble needles and bottox, may affect the company’s performance if they are not delivered as expected during the day.
Increased competition in the sector: more entrants into the industry and more types of products may increase competition. Repeated outbreaks: if the epidemic is followed by new changes in the virus, triggers a peak in infection, and lower off-line passenger flows may be negative.
Use legally compliant information, produce the present report independently and objectively, use the data and information used in this report from the market, do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or make any changes in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be receiving any form directly or indirectly as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.