Emmett: The product relay builds up a growth curve, reaps the benefits of medical beauty market expansion.
Embers are manufacturers of medical equipment and drugs, they are in the industrial chain, they have been focusing on medicine for many years, and they are leading manufacturers of medical equipment and drugs in the country, and they have a variety of layouts around the demand for beauty, and they are expected to enjoy the greatest benefits from the expansion of the medical market.
According to the Frost Sullivan report, in 2021, light medicine rapidly expanded, looking at the leading producers of Chinese-and-China products. Our medical-American penetration rate boosts the market, and the company is China’s largest skin based on transparent acids.
Rapid expansion, strong demand for light medicine and efficient business models are expected to maintain a high rate of growth of nearly 20% over the next 10 years. Emmetts are in the middle of the medical-American industry chain, with stronger R & D and approval barriers, clear competition patterns, strong bargaining power in the industrial chain, and high levels of profit.
The market may remain highly regulated, but it will focus in the direction of combating medical damage, guiding industry’s health compliance, rather than discouraging demand for it. In the medium and long term, it is expected that the industry’s supply will be accelerated, that non-compliance products will be diverted to compliance products, and that the American-Americans, as the leader of the producer of compliance products, will benefit.
Companies take the lead as middle-stream integrated producers, with product power, channel power, and cross-sale advantage. Forward-looking, differentiated design approaches guide direction, core technology patents guaranteed by multiple industries are viable, total equity/flowa shares (million shares)
Compiling proven experience, leading in commercialization and building product power. Channel networks are wide and circulation b/h units (millions) are stable, and there is still much room for expansion in the future to provide the impetus for sustained business expansion; marketing strategies are clear
Be robust, ensure the profitability of the industrial chain, and extend the life cycle of the product. Continuously expand the product matrix, product type coverage and the wide range of channels that lead the industry, with different products functionally complementarities, synergies in the channels, cross-border marketing advantages, and higher corporate bargaining power and market share.
The company has a large number of approved products such as urinary acid, regeneratives, planting lines, and sales have increased since it was listed; there are other products such as botox, Lilalupe, which are in clinical trials and are expected to lead to a new growth curve.
The primary product Efraim remains stable, the high end long-acting product Bonida has been growing through years and is expected to keep growing: the core product has been growing, it has adapted and raised prices, the differential advantage is expected to continue over the next 2-3 years, with nearly 10,000 cities on the country's first to third line of cities.
Downstream channels are available for expansion, as future revenues continue to rise. 2) During the day, regenerative needles are both long-lived and natural, giving license plates and product power advantages, sound marketing strategies, strong prices, and a robust system that is expected to release rapidly over the next 2-3 years. 3) Botoxin: Orange poison is expected to be released by the end of 2023.
In 2024, it was approved for listing to form a “filling + atrophy” product combination with existing urinary acids, regenerative needles, with the advantage of cross-selling, which is expected to lead the new growth curve. 4) body weight management: glp-1 receptor agonist reduction, high effectiveness, low side effects, and wide scope for growth.
S148052290005 beds, at the second gradient, to follow the progress of future approvals.
The technological strength, proven experience, and product strength; wide and robust distribution of channels, multi-species s1480229004, strengthens cross-marketing advantages. The company’s marketed product differentiation advantages will continue, and the pipeline is rich and rich.
It is hoped that, gradually, the growth curve will be clear and that the benefits of medical and beauty market expansion and compliance will be fully realized.
1. Corporate profile: Midstream integrated producers, benefiting from medically attractive market expansion dividends.
The company has developed a rich product line, with the filling agent component of the multi-species layout that focuses on a variety of beauty-seeking needs.
Utility of bouriate products (approved in 2010), Bonida (2013), Effrey (2015), Hi (2016), regenerative needles in the daytime (2021), line-tightness (2019), in addition to products under study, including injections of a type-a botox (ii) clinically, injection-type reduction heavy product Lilalupe (silent clinical), injection of transparent acetic enzyme (application submitted for clinical trial): Lidocaintinca for surface anaesthesia
Revenues grew rapidly, driven by the expansion of medical markets and the use of corporate products. Between 2014 and 2021, the income from Amerite business grew from 75 million yuan to 1,450 million yuan, and the cagr reached 52.6 per cent.
Solution-type injecting products are dominated by the high body, and without consideration of the high-yield income, replacing the high-income income with the income from the solution-based injecting product, the high-market income rose rapidly from 0.34 billion in 2017 to $1.05 billion in 2021, and the cagr 98.4 per cent increased from 15.3 per cent to 72.3 per cent, an important driver of rapid growth in corporate income over the past few years.
Angels, among others, make the first proven regenerative needle in the daytime phase of rapid release. Injecting a type of botulinum toxin in the research product is expected to contribute more to the future.
Figure 2: Size and rate of increase of our market for light medicine and the United States, Figure 3: Size and rate of income growth for Americians, Figure 4: Income structure for Americ products
Fig. 5: The income structure (as a percentage) of Americian products: fast growth and catch-up on base products Ave, adding up to a high unit price of Bunida, leading to a gradual increase in the company ' s Māori ratio. New products, such as panda needles, ash bubble needles, are marketed in 2020, raising the price of the customer unit, and leading to an increase in the Māori rate of the soluble injection product.
Yearly approval and rapid release led to a rapid increase in the Māori rate of gel injection products.
Figure 7: Level of Māori ratio per product (2015-2019) 1.2 Management forward-looking stability to ensure a clear and firm strategy, a clear and stable equity structure with a founder in charge and a core team in charge to ensure stability. As of June 2022, the founder and chairman of the company.
In addition, the company has established two employee holding platforms, known for their investment and hospitality, each holding 6.41 per cent/4.28 per cent of the shares of the company, which facilitates the binding of the core team and the sharing of the company’s development results.
Easter financial and intellectual sources Americian (300896): The product relay builds growth curves, benefits from the expansion of the health market, and the management team is experienced and ensures strategic forward-lookingness and implementation.
The executive director of the company, the director of production, and the director of sales have been managing the company for many years, working in harmony and with a stable team structure. The management team has a strong decision-making power, eyes, visions, and the director, General Jan, has had access to medical and beauty products overseas in the early years.
The year saw the introduction of a national first-lead transparent sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium injectant with pva microballs in 2012, a domestic first-line sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium injector with aldium lidocain in 2015, a domestic first-placed material, Avele, in 2016, a complex inoculation material high for the restoration of neck strips, and in 2019 a domestic first-line-laying product.
From 2010 to 2016, he was the Regional Manager of Emmett Technology, the Director of Marketing and the Deputy Director General of Emmett ' s Shares and the Director of Marketing.
M.A., Business Administration, Metropolitan University of Economics and Trade.
In 2018-2021, he was the financial director of the Le Boeing International Business Group Ltd., and in 2022 he was the financial director of the Emété en América, and 1.3 went to Hong Kong to re-open the market, hopefully to begin the process of internationalization.
In 2020, the Emeritus shares a raised 3,435 million dollars, of which 1.93 billion yuan is planned to be used for the installation of the production line for medical devices, phase II. Construction projects, research and development centres for the innovative transformation of medical materials and devices and new products, genetic re-engineering of protein production bases, injection of a type of botulinum toxin research and development project, marketing network construction project, smart industry management platform construction project, injection of genetic recombinant eggs
White drug research and development projects, deoxychotic research and development projects and replenishment of liquid funds; over $1.5 billion.up to 22h1 for the acquisition of the Korean huons bp equity of 856 million.The company reopened the distribution of h shares on 27 June 2022 to raise funds for: 1) investment, acquisition and licensing arrangements, including equity investments
(b) Development and expansion of Chinese product pipelines, including research and development and commercialization of a wide range of research products, and recruitment of 150-200 additional R & D personnel in China over the next five years. (c) Development, registration and commercialization of products abroad and related cooperation to expand the global layout of research and development overseas, as well as recruitment of R & D personnel abroad: 4) for marketing and brand builders
It will provide financial security for companies to expand their operations, by matching international capital platforms, optimizing business concepts, enhancing brand image, and promoting the co-generation of domestic and foreign products from capital, technology, and other sources.
2. The medical and beauty industry: a fast-growing quality track, looking at the leaders of producers of medium- and middle-sized products.
2.1 The rapid expansion of the market in the United States of America, where non-surgery-type medicine is the main source of growth, with supply and demand at both ends, and the rise of the economy leading to the expansion of the market in the United States of America. At the demand side, the demand for medicine continues to be strong, with higher income levels, higher awareness and consumer readiness of the United States of America, and higher demand for the United States of America.
Businesses continue to promote marketing, online media such as microblogging, Little Red Books, Graphics Shows, New Oxygen, and the rise of the online economy has raised public interest in the outside world. Awareness of and willingness to consume health care is rising. According to AIDS counselling data, nearly 60% of our population is aware of light medicine and consumption. Nearly 80% of the population has expressed their willingness to try light medicine and consumption, and the future consumption of medicine and the United States market is expected to grow.
As a result of the continuous improvement in the quality of surgical services, the innovation of non-surgery-type medical and aesthetic materials, the variety of products, which cover the differentiated needs of a greater number of beauty-loving people, has led to a sustained increase in the price of public goods and the number of therapeutic courses. The horizontal global market, where the penetration rate of medical and aesthetic penetration is significantly lower than that of the mature markets in Europe and Japan, is expected to continue to expand.
In 2019, the rate of medical penetration was about 20% in Korea, 15% in the United States, and 11% in Japan, while in mainland China it was only 3.6%, with significant scope for improvement. The average number of medical treatments per 1,000 population was significantly lower than in Japan, Brazil, the United States and South Korea. As America became more aware, consumption levels rose and the domestic market was better regulated.
The model will expand, and the potential for growth will continue to be released. Based on the gold track, our market for medicine and beauty will continue to expand faster than the global average.
In 2016-2020, the size of our medical and US market rose from RMB 77.6 billion to RMB 15.4.9 billion, with capr 4 reaching 18.9 per cent (Vs total 2.2 per cent); it is expected to reach RMB 653.5 billion in 2030, with capr 10 reaching 15.5 per cent (vs global 11.1 per cent). Overall, if the effects of the 2020 epidemic are excluded, the global medical and US market will continue to grow at a high rate of about 10 per cent and will be further certified.
In the context of technological progress, the rise of the economics of face value, and the increase in penetration, the size of the medical market is expected to expand at a higher rate of 15-20%, one of the fastest growing markets in the world. The source of financial prosperity in the East is the capital.
A strong demand for non-surgery medicine and an efficient business model are the main driving forces behind the growth of the American-American market, with a gradual increase in the size ratio. On the demand side, non-surgery medicine has the advantages of low prices, good performance, quick recovery, and easy safety. The cost of a single course is usually between hundreds and thousands of dollars, far below the tens of thousands of dollars spent on handicrafts, and is more friendly to the newly introduced “Small White” medicine, matching the main features of the current market expansion.
Non-surgery medicine is more standardized, doctoral development is more difficult, product outreach is more intensive, middle-surgery barriers are higher, consumer buy-back rates are higher, cash flows are more stable, business models are better, and manufacturers are more dynamic. According to Frost Sullivan, in 2020, the US market for non-surgery/surgery medicine was 77.377.6 billion yuan, compared to 49.9 per cent in 2030, compared with 49.9 per cent for non-surgery/surgery medicine.
The size of the US market for surgeons is expected to reach $4,1202,369 million, and the capr 10 18.3 per cent and 11.8 per cent, respectively, and the rate of growth of non-surgery doctors is much higher.
As a producer of medically beautiful products, they are in the middle of the industrial chain, with high bargaining power and high profitability under R & D and approval barriers. The medical industry is divided mainly into upstream raw material suppliers, midstream drug producers, and medical American packaging manufacturers, and downstream service providers. Upstream and midstream agencies have higher barriers to competition in terms of technology, approval, products, etc., higher market concentration, more proactive power in the distribution of profits in the industrial chain, and higher levels of ownership.
Profit levels. The current profitability of downstream service providers is still relatively limited, with doctors playing a more important role in the efficacy of treatment programmes and weakened institutional control, while the current pattern of downstream service competition remains fragmented, with small and medium-sized private institutions and private clinics accounting for 80%, public hospitals and large chains accounting for only 20%, with intense competition, with downstream demands for higher passenger costs, marketing costs and crowding out profit margins.
Figure 16: Emmett is in the middle of the industrial chain Figure 17: High bargaining power of American and American producers and high profitability Figure 18: Our registration process for medical devices of the  type
Figure 19: We have a relatively fragmented structure of medical and downstream institutions, with a 2.3-year policy of tightening the policy of banishing cheap currency, and the prospect of a positive expansion of the compliance market after the onset of pain. With years of rapid growth, there are a lot of distortions in our health markets that affect the health of the market.
In 2021, market regulators at all levels throughout the country investigated 8,563 cases of unfair competition with a fine of $573 million, including 103 cases involving false publicity in the field of medicine with a fine of $5.98 million; and “construction loans”, “indemnification of under-age, rights problems, unfairness” and so on.
In 2019, there were about 95,000 medical and aesthetic institutions in our country, of which only 13,000 were legal and 14 per cent, and more than 82,000 were illegal and 86 per cent were illegal. There were 104,000 medical professionals in the market, but only 38,000, or 37 per cent, of the total demand, and the remaining 65,000 had a gap or irregular operation. In terms of the product composition of the market, the market was marketed.
Only 33 per cent of the officially licensed needles were filled, while the remaining 67 per cent were illicit needles (including counterfeits, and water from informal channels to the domestic market, non-domestic types of medical devices).
Figure 20: Disruptions in the medical market in our country. Figure 22: Disruption of doctors. Since the second half of 2021, the State has put in place a number of regulatory policies for the medical industry, including the specialized treatment of illegal medical beauty services, merchandising, and the promotion of health care.
At the same time, as seen from supportive policies such as Shenzhen, there is still an encouraging and supportive attitude towards compliance downstream services, as well as middle- and middle-sized companies that are technologically strong and acquire formal qualifications. We believe that the health market as a whole will maintain a trend of strict regulation, but that the policy approach is to combat medical scandals, protect consumer rights, and create a good social climate.
In particular, the leading companies themselves operate with a high degree of compliance, and their actual operations are relatively limited by policy. East’s financial and intellectual booms.
East Hing Securities Insight Report Americian (300896); Product relays create growth curves, reaping the benefits of the expansion of the medical market; and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
In the medium-to-long term, it is expected that the maintenance of strict regulation of the market will accelerate the supply of goods and facilitate market expansion.
Thus, strict regulation will accelerate the movement of informal products to formal products and facilitate large-scale compliance bodies. Over the long term, regulatory regulation is also the process of educating consumers about compliant products, and a healthy and information-transparent health market will inspire consumer confidence and promise long-term positive growth in the industry.
Figure 24: Medical American Industrial Chains and Policy Transfers The Source of Eastern Finance and the Emeritus (300896); Product relays create growth curves, reaping the benefits of medical beauty market expansion
Corporate Strengths: Consider the company ' s product power, channel power, and cross-sale advantage. 3.1 Forward-looking ideas add technological strength and proven experience to the build-up of leading product power. Focused and professional: forward-looking product design thinking, precise positioning of differentiated demand.
Industry has a strong focus, and in the current context of the emergence of new medical and aesthetic materials, it is more sensitive to new materials, moving away from a single material-based approach to research and development, introducing innovative and differentiated products through a combination of multiple components, increasing product effectiveness, and occupying more consumer mind and market share. At the same time, based on a stable and large downstream cooperation network, companies can gain faster and smoother insight for beauty preferences.
Collecting clinical feedback, examining the effects of products in different adaptive conditions, and then looking for market gaps, responding to end demand, and providing guidance on subsequent product design, R & D, adaptive registration, and continuous optimization.
It covers all core competencies throughout the product development cycle, from the early stages of research and development to the development of core technologies that identify consumer needs, to clinical testing, and the management of product registration and bulk production and marketing. It enhances team synergies in an integrated manner, optimizes product R & D thinking, improves product feasibility and shortens product development cycles. In addition, companies have more licensed products, have more proven experience, and are clinically sensitive to different products and adaptive disorders.
Evaluation criteria and registrableity have greater experience and agility to guarantee the rapid and successful commercialization of products. Continuous strengthening of research and development platforms: robust research and development inputs, professional development teams and continuous expansion of research and development capabilities.
Research and development centres, including a research and innovation laboratory for medical materials and equipment and a research and innovation laboratory for medical devices, have further strengthened their research and development capabilities. In recent years, companies have invested robustly in research and development, and research and development investments have spread thinly as revenues have expanded, releasing profit margins. Research and development workers are relatively high and will expand further in the future, with 117 members of the company’s research and development team in 2021 accounting for 23.1% of the total workforce (17.8% vs. Wah Xi, Wu Heising).
16.6%) out of which 62 hold a master ' s degree or more, or 53% of the R & D team, and core members have an average of more than eight years ' experience in medicine and the U.S.
Technology platforms, companies, and companies continue to develop synthesis and adaptation technologies for materials such as transparent-quality acids, medical shell concentrates and polyroic acids, as well as technologies for the preparation of materials in different physical forms, such as microballs, membranes, fibres, etc. The company has now acquired a core technology patent that is leading in many industries and is applied to different product lines, increasing product differentiation and creating long-term technical barriers.
In 2015, 2016, 2016, 2016, and 2019, the Beijing City Council of Science and Technology will identify Yumei, Bonida, Effrey and Hindley as new products of new technologies in Beijing.
3.2 The network of channels is extensive, the marketing strategy is robust, the product life cycle is extended, the distribution network is dominant, and the distribution network is extensive and stable. The company uses a marketing model that is primarily marketed, supported by distribution, and enables the firm to be deeply involved in customer relationship management and effectively improves the quality and agility of client services: the distribution model covers mainly medical institutions that are not directly covered by the company’s sales team.
By the end of 2021, the company had 236 sales and market personnel, of which 4,000 were direct sales agencies. According to the Irel advisory data, in 2019, there were about 95,000 medical and American institutions in the country.
At the same time, as policies become more regulated, the number of non-compliance agencies has increased, and the number of compliance agencies has increased, providing more space for companies to move forward at the end of the channels. Marketing strategies are robust, ensuring profits in the industrial chain and extending the life cycle of the product.
Characteristics and price levels, planning of market capacity, precise targeting of urban grades and consumers, gradual growth from high-line cities, steady growth, solid growth of Eastern financial and intellectual resources Market development, extension of product life cycles, such as core product highs, sales peaked at 200 million in 2019, 2021 since they were marketed in 2017
In terms of standards of authorization, rigorous screening of the qualifications of cooperative institutions for products, training of doctors in their careers, marketing of the experience of representatives, such as daytime trainers, who are generally at the level of chief of the department, with a rich injection of 8-10 years; price control, with emphasis on the stability of the end-price system; downstream medical institutions, without permission from their headquarters, which have been on the market for many years.
Prices have been strong, with end-direction prices of $12,800 per day, while the total value of end-sales has remained above $11,000 since the market, and the strength of end-prices has guaranteed downstream institutions a stable and sufficient margin of profit. With regard to market feedback, there have been no major medical accidents since the market, high safety and good market feedback on products that are more difficult to inject.
In addition, the company has set up a professional mentoring team for physicians and has set up 400 hotlines and on-line channels.
In 2018, the company set up a comprehensive classroom to provide doctors with online and on-the-spot training courses, including facial dissections, facial aesthetics, aging factors, clinical applications of skin therapy, prevention and treatment of undesirable events, and customer relations.
By the end of 2021, more than 10,000 doctors were registered and more than 20,000 users were concerned.
The comprehensive structure of the Department of Human Dignity, which usually requires integrated solutions involving a combination of various medical and aesthetic projects, is well developed and cross-marketed. Thus, the functional complementarities of different medical and aesthetic products and the synergies of channels make the multi-programming complex of medical and aesthetic groups more cross-marketing advantages.
The market patterns of medical beauty, combined with the distribution of urinary acids and bottox, such as Hugel, medytox, etc., have been steadily increasing in recent years in both categories of products.
Figure 30: Korea's Botox Market Patterns Ameris is leading the industry as an integrated medical producer in the country, with class coverage and channeling. The company now has a large number of urinary acid, regenerative needle products on the market, with a high degree of market recognition, and multiple products such as meat toxin, weight management, etc. are in clinical trials.
The product mix is now in place; in the future, companies are expected to extend further into the PV field through M&As, with the full product-based layout of “a needle-plus-PV.” In sum, as a leader of an integrated medical producer who is constantly broadening the product matrix and extending the growth curve, companies are expected to continue to improve their overall bargaining power, increasing market share and sales, and enjoying maximum medical beauty market expansion dividends, based on cross-market advantages.
4. Growth drivers: continuously widening the matrix of products, building a relay growth curve. Companies are widening the matrix of products, building a relay growth curve. With regard to products already on the market, companies already have a lot of urinary acid, a regenerative needle, and one.
In terms of research products, the urinary acid has expanded its adaptive effects, and products such as botulinum, Lilalu, etc. have entered clinical trials, have been approved immediately, and are expected to lead to new growth curves in the future.
Lilalu Pin injection fluid (chronic weight management group protein)
Dissolved and transparent sodium sodium sodium, skin, pre-clinical injection.
Aerobics, preclinical studies, lubricating.
Lidocaindinca glycerine Local anaesthesia 4.1 urinary acids: product matrices are rich and differential advantages are significant
A wide range of market education has been enriched with approved products, leading to an increase in the size of the industry. Acid, the most developed material, has long dominated the market, and market education and consumer awareness are more extensive. In 2016-2021, the number of products approved for the injection of acid rose from 21 to 51 pellets (snap/value/ cheek/circle/back of 44/4/1/1, eye week, nose and back).
The products of the Pyric Institute are undergoing clinical trials. They are constantly improving in terms of their impact and sense of experience. They are better suited to meet the needs of the beauty seekers. They are responsible for the rapid expansion of the market for bouria needles, which has grown from $2.4 billion to $6.3 billion, with cagr reaching 21.3 per cent in the advanced stages of development, which has increased the number of approved products, and have improved the quality of differentiated products.
In the context of the fragmented pattern, the accelerated price transparency of medical platforms such as New Oxygen, adding to the impact of the epidemic since 2020, downstream service agencies gradually opened up price-level competition and, to some extent, passed on to midstream producers, and the prices of boulic acid fillers dropped. We believe that base-type products are either severely depressed or most evident because of homogenization, while differentiated products are expected to maintain bargaining power and profitability based on unique market positioning.
The main products of urinate acid under the Americian flag include base products Efrai, long-acting products Punida, and heated products. Revenues in 2019 were 2.19/0/68/243 million, while yoy accounted for 15/100/224 per cent, or 39.3 per cent/12.1 per cent and 43.5 per cent, respectively. The gel filler for the main product in 2021 was $312 million, or 35.6 per cent, for the main product; and the steam was used as a solution for the main product.
A total of 245 million yuan, or 63.1%, and a total of 322.6% for yoy.
A combination of technology, the first in the country, is a skin filler with Lidocaine. In 2017-2019, the price of a plant in Effrey rose from about $300-310, with a Māori ratio of 84% to 90%. Effrey and Yuma, Haeve, Yvonnec are the same basic urinate products as low-priced, high-valued products, with more products currently approved, more competitive and more depressed prices, and are expected to remain stable in the future.
Bonida: High-end, long-lasting and robust filling materials. Boni has achieved 80% of composite transparent acid + 20% of pva microballs, pva microball support, long metabolic cycles, irritation of gels, up to 8-10 years of product life, 6-24 months of effectiveness of other products on the market, increased recognition of long-acting microball products in the market, and Bunida has reached a release period of 0.7 billion in 2019, a doubling increase.
In 2021, sales outpaced 100 million and are expected to continue growing in the future. Hi: Core products with differential advantages, adaptation matrices are rich and sales are increasing. Hi is a complex formulation of non-coupled boulic acid solutions, containing boulic acid, l-myelium, three amino acids, vitamin b2 components, anti-organizational oxidation while filling, and the promotion of glue.
It was listed in 2017 as the country's first and currently the only skin filler with neck-line adaptive disorders, with a strong licensing lead in the field of adaptation, which was broken down by the source of Eastern financial and intellectual growth. It was followed in 2020 by a high panda needle, in 2021 by a live blisters needle, and expanded by an eye week.
At 1.05 billion dollars a year (2021 data on sales of soluble-type products, with company-based soluble-type products dominated by hives), the advantage of hex differentiation will continue in the future. With regard to neck-circle acupuncture, the giraffe is still the only filler in the country with circulatory acupunctures, with a significant monopoly advantage. Photoelectric therapy, while also responding to neck-circle problems, is based on different principles, different price levels, and the whole is wrong.
The end price is about 1000-1500 per cent, and the end price is about 8,000-10000 per cent, mainly by filling the flats; the end price is mainly by tightening the skin of the neck, displaying the flats, and the end price is about 8,000-10000 per cent. With regard to eye-week adaptive disorders, the market is dominated by two types of pin fillings: composite urinate and animal gel protein, and the high safety of the urinary acids, which can reduce to some extent the water and dindal effects of ordinary urinates and have a certain price advantage, with Hive Bears.
In the case of water light adaptive disorders, in April 2022, the National Drug and Monitoring Service officially identified the water light needles as three types of medical devices, while the three types of water light products that have been approved in the country are relatively small and have only high-level composite formulations that provide restoration and anti-sugar resistance to oxidation on the basis of water recharge.
The market for water needles will be more compliant, and formal products are expected to occupy more market shares and increase sales. From the point of view of the overall expansion of the injection market, the price increases for the system’s products, and the space for expansion, we believe that the future sales of the system’s top-down are still promising.
In terms of market speed, as the nation wakes up, the penetration rate increases, and according to Frost Sullivan, the market for urinary acid fillers is expected to remain at about 25% of the compound rate for the next decade. And high-level differences have significant advantages, market awareness continues to rise, and from the point of view of high-system product price increases, high-levels, on the one hand, maintain strong market recognition and competition based on composite formulas and differential adaptives.
The competitive advantage was a steady rise in the price of a factory, and in 2017-2019, during the period when panda needles and live bubble needles had not yet been marketed, the average price of a high neck pin was raised from $285 to $353; on the other hand, the high body continuously expanded the adaptive matrix to achieve further price increases through new products, ranging from $450-500 per plant price for a live bubble needle to $700-800 per unit price for a panda needle, which was 50-100 per cent higher than the previous 300-plus bid.
In terms of high-level product channels, even if only the size of the compliance agency is considered, according to Irey's consulting, the country's legally compliant doctor... was about 70% in 2019. Given that the price of the hives is not high in the products of the same kind of adaptives...and has now successfully entered some three-line and suburban areas.
There is more than double the scope for expansion. The scope for expansion will be further expanded if medical market expansion and institutional and product-end compliance substitution are considered. Moreover, panda needles, live bubble needles, as new products on the market, cover a single channel well below that of the company as a whole of 4400 channels, and there will be more scope for expansion in the future.
Eastern source of financial and intellectual growth, 4.2 regeneratives: rapid maturation period, attention to progress in channel release, approved by daytime in June 2021, with plla microballs and urinary acids as the main components, urinary acids as immediate fillings, plla entering.
The human body can, over time, stimulate fibrous cells, promote the regenerative growth of the gel protein, fully integrated with the human body’s own tissue, and achieve natural long-lived filling effects. As a new filling material, “long-activities, nature, safety” that allows for high-end positioning during the day, with a factory price of 2,800-3200/s, end-direction 12,800/s, a strong end-price system since the market, provides a stable and sufficient profit space for downstream institutions.
The regeneratives are now in the early stages of expansion, and are expected to be rapidly released in the next 2-3 years. The regeneratives were launched in 2021 and are now being promoted, and the market is expected to make a rapid transition from the import period to the long term. The regeneratives are working well and priced, and are expected to be mainly high-end urinate (e.g., Euro-American mainstream.) The combined share of our regeneratives and high-end urinate products is expected to reach 35-40% and 20%.
Tessalivin's data show that in 2025, the market for medically filled needles was about 55.8 billion yuan in size, corresponding to 112 billion dollars in sales for regenerative end, four times lower downstream, and 2.8 billion yuan for manufacturing out-of-country plants.
From the approval process, only three products have been approved in the country, with a prior advantage of about 2-4 years compared to the products to be approved, taking advantage of channels and consumer mentalities; from the characteristics of the composition, plla degrades into emulsifiable acid and stimulates it into fibrous cell glucose, and pcl stimulates regenerative regeneratives, mainly through packaged principles, and through liver and kidney metabolism; and from the current composition and pattern of products,
Among the approved and regenerative products in the country, only daytime makes Eyeon Shellansé a composite formulation, gelized surface, and has short-term effects. During the day, the introduction of the Emmett exclusive sdam patent technology has resulted in the mixing of the plla-peg microballs into cross-transparency acids, making the product easier to strike, reducing the risk of inflammation, etc.
The company maintains a sound marketing strategy in its outreach during the daytime, with a steady increase in the rhythm of the distribution channels, covering more than 500 health-care institutions up to 2022h1. In terms of the criteria for authorization, the qualifications of the cooperative institutions and the training of doctors.
A rigorous screening and control of the experience of sales representatives, who are trained at the level of chief of the department, with 8-10 years of experience; price containment, with emphasis on the stability of the terminal price system, with downstream medical and aesthetic institutions not allowed to make unauthorised discounts without permission from headquarters; daytime, 12,800 yuan for end guidance, with the total price of end sales remaining above $11,000 since the market, with a strong price system for downstream institutions
In terms of market feedback, there have been no major medical accidents, high safety, and good market feedback since the start of the day. Consumers’ awareness of products has been limited in the early stages of new product promotion, resulting in greater reliance on end-use availability and agency physician's profit space and recommendation preferences for product sales, and the importance of vendor outreach and marketing strategies in the medium and long term, however, as products continue to promote downstream cooperation.
Channel layouts have gradually converged, and the competitive advantage of products with strong end prices and stable downstream profit spaces will gradually emerge; cumulative consumer education has become familiar, markets have become more aware of product characteristics, and product strength and the importance of the technology behind it will be highlighted. Therefore, given that production is leading by day, end prices remain strong, and profit margins and attractiveness to downstream channels are expected to be achieved over a longer life cycle, with a sustained focus on the future.
Eastern source of wealth and wisdom 4.3 botulinum toxin: Orange poison is approved, promising to lead the new growth curve, and the botox market is expected to grow rapidly. As the number of approved products increases, the supply of various price belts increases, consumers ' education increases, and meat toxins are added to the list.
Adaptive growth and the substitution of formal products for non-formal products will continue to grow. According to Frost Shali, the market for Chinese meat and toxin products grew from 1.5 billion yuan in 2016 to 4.6 billion yuan in 2021, with carg reaching 25.1%, and is expected to reach 39 billion yuan in 2030, and carg to 26.8%.
As a toxic pharmaceutical, it is more toxic, with stricter regulations, higher barriers to entry, and a better pattern of competition among compliance manufacturers. Reference to South Korea's meat and toxin market patterns shows a limited pattern of competition across the board, with local brands with a comparative value for sex and cross-marketing advantage, and a higher market share.
We have now received four orders of bottox products, one of high-value national product checks, one of high-end American-protocol, one of high-end British-based gypsy, and one of South Korea’s light-fudged Lates. Before Keacon and Lattif were approved, I was able to
In the future, the supply of our domestic toxin market will be enriched by a process of product approval, with price mismatches, market demand releases, and the substitution of compliant products for non-compliant products. Emerald oranges has been approved to see cross-market advantages under many product types.
It is now in three clinical trials, which are expected to be marketed between the end of 2023 and the end of 2024. Hutox will add to the public price when it is marketed, and it is expected that it will stimulate corresponding market demand and capture part of the market share of the balance.
After the product is marketed, the advantages of a “filled + shrinking” product portfolio will be further enhanced by enhancing the company's overall bargaining power, contributing to market share and sales. Under the equity-holding model, it will be easier to adapt and expand the specifications to a greater price advantage. Ameris hold a huonsbp25.42% stake, and in the framework of cooperation emphasis will be placed on: expanding the range of product adaptations and specifications; considering strengthening national and international clinical synergies and accelerating progress in research and development and approval; and incorporating the Macao Region of Hong Kong.
To reduce the impact of water goods, run-off, on safety and price stability; to ensure that supply prices are lowest globally, with no production and sales commitments, reduced marketing pressure, increased cooperative stability, and greater autonomy in marketing strategies.
Emmett (300896): Three pieces of blasting behind high growth: 4.4 body weight management: glp-1 market space is wide, looking at future approval progress, our obesity population continues to grow. With the improvement of living standards and lack of movement in some parts of the country, the obesity population has continued to grow in recent years.
This is expected to expand to 280 million people a year, with a capr of 4.3% and a further increase to 330 million by 2030 and a capr of 3.8% as the fat mouth grows, the weight management market is expected to expand. There is a wide market for weight management, and the prospects for glp-1 receptor agonists are promising.
The emergence of a re-management solution, the need for choice in the weight management market (weight reduction for the obese population) and the need for choice (physical improvement) has been highlighted. According to the Frost Sullivan report, the market for China ' s weight management products increased from 200 million yuan in 2017 to 2.1 billion yuan in 2021, with a cagr of 71.4% and a cagr of 11.1 billion yuan in 2026 and 39% in 2030.
To 25.9 billion yuan, the cagr is 23.6% of the market breakdown. The weight management method consists mainly of drugs, instruments and services. According to the Frost Sullivan report, six drugs in a generic name were approved for weight management in the United States of America, while in China only one oral drug in Ulrich is currently approved for adult weight management.
Granted for chronic weight management. Glp-1 receptor agonists, including Lilalumium, Smégrom, etc., can promote insulin secretion, inhibit high insulin, increase saturation, and slow stomach emptiness to achieve weight reduction. Glp-1 receptor agonists are clear and effective, with low side effects, and are expected to be the main development direction and growth point in the future gravity-reduction market.
In the future, attention will be paid to the progress of the Elmer approval process, which is expected to lead to a new growth curve. We have multiple glp-1 receptor agonists in the clinical trial phase. According to Nmpa, as of June 2022, 10 glp-1 receptor agonists in the research drug are in the clinical trial phase, including, but not limited to, Tirzepatide, Nord and Nord in the ii clinical trial.
Nori sugar and ibi362 Xinda biopharmaceuticals for clinical trials in the Xin Riang period. In addition, there are three glp-1 receptor agonist simulations in clinical trials, both of Noor and Nord's Lilalubin injection fluid saxenda.
In the context of the country’s growing obesity and heightened management awareness, companies are expected to lead a new growth curve in the future by reducing the number of products on the market. Industrial policies have changed significantly, the epidemic has repeatedly affected demand, competition patterns have deteriorated, and major security risks have increased.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
Liu Dian Xueqing is responsible for the study of tourist hotels, restaurants, uniforms, local life, medicine and beauty.
Wei Wooming's assistant, who is primarily responsible for cosmetics, tax exemptions, gold jewellery, electricity dealers, traditional retailing, etc.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.