Emmett (300896.sz): Equity incentives to boost confidence, future management lines to highlight the forward-looking landscape Events: Companies published their annual 2022 report, generating operating income of $1.939 billion/yoy+33.91 per cent and net profit returns to mothers
As Panda needles continue to be released and the live-and-hip 2.5-city ratio under Panda class compliance has gradually increased, the rise in the ratio of leachate injections has increased by 0.41 pct to 94.23 per cent. In 2023, the company may have combined the instruments with clothing to bring in more than 600 medical beauty institutions during the day, authorizing more than 700 doctors to recover their final demand in 2023.
It is hoped that more health-care institutions will continue to grow at a higher rate than +7.43 pt, partly due to slower growth in q4 affected income, cost-side scale effects or some.
+2.00pc, mainly due to increases in port stock listing fees and labour costs; (3) 22 years R & D rates + 1.86 pct, mainly due to increases in labour costs and service costs; and (4) 22 years financial cost rates + 1.25 pct, mainly due to reduced interest income. Equity incentives to bind employee and corporate interests, thus instilling more confidence in development.
Inwards, equity incentives help to define employee and corporate interests in depth, with 62.11 per cent/17.89 per cent of restricted shares assigned to 135 middle-level managers and six core technical (operational) executives, or can effectively boost corporate motivation at all levels and encourage salesmen to break through the market for new products rather than for mature products, driving companies.
The company’s future pipeline planning is becoming clear, and there is no need to worry too much about the lack of new products.
Pei Chilong, a company that will continue to explore further opportunities in the rubber-based protein industry. From the above, the company’s management is keen and forward-looking about market dynamics, and there is no need to worry too much about the inadequacy of new pipelines.
A degree of motivation to bind the company’s employee and corporate interests, and to boost its work, is rated against the backdrop of 23 years of strong demand for medical and US terminals.” (Note: Profit forecasts do not take into account future equity incentive costs) Risk factors: macro-induced decline in consumer sentiment, risk of regulatory policy change, and underperformance of new products.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
In 2022, the company achieved operating income of RMB 1,939 million/yoy+33.91%, and in the first quarter, q4 achieved operating income of RMB 449 million to 96.52%. By the end of 2022, more than 600 medical beauty institutions had been admitted by daytime, more than 700 doctors had been authorized, and it was expected that more medical institutions would be laid in place in the context of the recovery of end demand in 2023 and the incentive to boost the motivation of employees.
The Department’s internal incentive targets have resulted in lower remuneration costs; 2) 22-year management cost rates + 2.00 pct, q4 management costs + 8.75 pct, mainly due to increases in port stock listings and labour costs; 3) 22-year R&D cost rates + 1.86 pct, q4 R& D fees; equity incentives to bind employees’ and corporate interests, thus instilling more confidence in development.
Right-incentive targets are generally well-balanced and not too radical, and equity incentives help to define the interests of employees and companies in depth. 62.11 per cent of restricted shares are allocated to 135 middle-level managers and core technical (operational) personnel.6 They can effectively boost the enthusiasm of employees at all levels of the company and encourage sales personnel to move beyond the promotion of new products rather than to enforce them.
The company’s future pipeline planning is becoming more clear, and there is no need to worry too much about the lack of new products. The company’s upgrading of its swirling, research and development cooperation, and the reprogramming of deoxychotic projects, to a greater extent, have reduced the market’s previous concerns about the company’s weight-reduction lag: 2 is close.
In the field of high-exposure gel proteins, companies have acquired Picchilon, which is engaged in animal gel protein extraction, and will continue to explore more market opportunities in the socoprotein industry. From the above actions, the company’s management is aware of the market dynamics and its layouts, and there is no need to worry too much about the inadequacy of new pipelines.
Profit forecasting: Corporate product matrix, 23 years of expectation of whiteness and water light series going on, equity incentives are expected to go a long way to bind company employees to corporate interests, boost incentives, and increase the sales team against a backdrop of 23 years of strong demand for medical and US terminals, General Manager of the Center for Modern Services Studies in 2021.
Deputy General Manager of Hearts. 2nd in 2021 in new wealth zero and social uniforms, 1st in crystal ball uniforms/retail 1st, joined the Employing Securities Social Services Group after graduation in July, and joined the new Sinda Consumers Group in November 2022, covering mainly cosmetics, medical beauty, and social services.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Arts in Champagne, University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics, University of Finance and Economics Southwest, November 2022, joined the new Sinda consumer group.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.