Foster (603806.sh) Photovoltaic film taps are firmly in place and new material operations are expected to enter 9.02 billion yuan in the future, i.e. 57.7 per cent of the year, and net profit on maternity is 1.06 billion yuan, i.e. 17.0 per cent of the year;
q2 1-month operating income of $5.13 billion, +76.9 per cent, and net return to the mother of $720 million, +75.7 per cent of the year, and performance is as expected.
\triangleright rises. During the reporting period, companies targeted high-efficiency topcon batteries, hjt batteries, smb assemblies, maximum/minimum in-year:
New technologies such as ibc components, thorium batteries have introduced multi-series package solutions for encapsulation materials, flowa shares/total equity (millions): to maintain a technological lead and to build 250 million square metres per year of high-efficiency battery encapsulations in Viet Nam
Market value of the share in circulationa (billions): The film project to further meet client needs. On the backboard, in 2022, H1 achieved a significant increase in backboard demand, and the company had a technological and value-for-money advantage in high-anti-black backboards and
Basic data: The sale of cpc backboards increased significantly on 30 June 2022, and the electronics business grew rapidly and is expected to grow again.
Also, the company has completed the arrival and installation of the fccl import press and has the capacity to produce the fccl double panel autonomously; the sense film continues to open.
Development of exhibition products and customer certification, and active outreach to the Mini-led field; ongoing promotion of client certification of aluminium plastic complex membrane products, and the gradual enrichment of new material product categories, which are expected to bring new additions to the company
Risk of price fluctuations in products and raw materials: risk of changes in industrial policy: risk of fluctuations in demand, etc. \triangleright industry attitude, independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.