Summary of events: 28 August 2022, company semi-annual report: 2022h1 earned operating income
\triangleright \triangleright shows that the company achieved operating income of $5.131 billion for 2022q2, i.e. +76.85 per cent for the same year; net profit of $718 million for the mother, i.e. +75.72 per cent for the same year; net profit of $6.87 for the non-returned mother, i.e. +75.89 per cent for the same year.
New technologies such as high-efficiency topcon batteries, hjt batteries, smb components, ibc components, thorium cell batteries, etc., have introduced a wide range of packaged material solutions and quickly followed up on industry technology. In addition, the company has prepared a 250 million m2 of high-efficiency battery envelope film project in Viet Nam, which will better satisfy head customers.
In terms of backboards, there are 56.512 million square metres, + 80.12%, and operating revenues of 663 million yuan, compared to the same amount.
High-anti-black backboard and cpc backboard sales have increased significantly over the advantage.
\triangleright Research Assistant Lin Fukugi, based on mature key commons technology, the company has successfully achieved the realization of the silicon membrane and its key raw materials products
Technology breakthroughs, product tests, tests, bulk production, and feeder customer imports have been completed, and the product has entered the supply system of large domestic pcb manufacturers, such as deep south circuits, deep connection circuits, and Xinwang Electronics. Companies have accelerated the expansion of light-dry membranes and alkali solubility resin from core raw materials, accelerating their integration and achieving full company coverage within three to five years.
1. Forster (603806.sh) 2021 Report: Dragons have a variety of new material layouts and are expected to bloom more. In 2022 h1, the company completed the fccl import press.
Headlines are strong, electronic material operations enter accelerated release periods - \triangleright for arrival and installation debugging, equipment is further enhanced and capable of autonomous production of fccl double panels,
Activate a rapid increase in the overall sale of fccl products; Sensitization membrane, which currently covers transparent light cover, white Imaging membrane, etc., and actively expands to the Mini-led area; Aluminium plastic composite membrane completed its first release of 20 million square metres in 2021 and is currently in the client certification phase and is expected to benefit in the future
\triangleright studies methodological and analytical logic, produces the report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.