Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 29 August, satellite chemical disclosure semi-annual report 2022, implemented by the company in the first half of 2022
Revenues of $18,814 million, an increase of 74.69 per cent over the same year; net return returns of $2,781 million, a steady increase in performance for the same quarter, and bottom or current performance, according to the semi-annual report, net return returns of $1.260 billion for company q2, a change of 7.28 per cent over the same period.
The double pressure of ethane fission material and demand is gradually decreasing, and the current price differential for c2 downstream has reached the bottom. 22q2 ethane prices have risen as a result of the high volatility of natural gas, with a 29.61 per cent increase in ring ratios and a reduced demand for 22q2 ethylene-ethane downstream due to the effects of the epidemic.
Long-term surplus in the United States and increased natural gas exports to Europe in the United States have led to higher domestic gas prices, while ethane in the United States has re-inflationary properties that lead to heat conversion effects on natural gas, so ethane follows the rise and returns to rationality as gas fuel and electricity demand drops.
Downstream, low demand for ethylene since 2022q2. According to our latest weekly tracking, as of 26 August, the latest price differentials for ethylene ethylene ethylene/ethylene ethylene/ethylene oxide ethylene/ polyether for large monomer ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene styrene pure ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
The price differentials for the products of maleene and styrene have reached the lowest historical level. At this point, the domestic demand side of ethylene downstream is also at its most difficult point. We believe that the c2 industry chain will be able to recover the overall price differentials as the gold XO arrives.
The price differential for propane dehydration awaits repair. The price differential of 22q2pdh is clearly under pressure. It is mainly at a high level following international crude oil prices, while macroeconomic downsides and real estate needs slow down, hindering transmission of the price of apropene, which as of 26 August had reached the price differential for apropene-propane.
By $-84/t, the industry cost curve on the right is already in deep deficit, the price difference has reached the level of the zero percent fraction after the introduction of pdh in the country, and we expect the price difference to be limited and the next step is expected to be gradually repaired.
Acrylic acids have recovered slightly this week after a continuous decline. We believe that the price differential for acrylic acids is expected to be repaired as the gold nine silver ten arrives. At the same time, acrylic acids are followed by an expansion of rationality, supply and demand patterns are relatively stable, and the epicentre of the landscape will remain at a historically high level.
● Raw material cost advantage + high input double-wheel drive, new satellite-coded materials open up the space for growth, and the second phase of ethane fission in cloud ports is well under way. On August 29, the company issued an announcement of progress, with the annual production of 1.35 million tons of pe, 21.9 million tons of eoe and 260,000 tons of acn by cloud ports petrochemicals Ltd.
The joint installation project phase II project, which was successfully produced after a full-scale test production on 27 August 2022, produced qualified products and stabilized production operations, marked the success of a single drive for phase II of the project, which we expect to contribute in September, with a steady increase in q4 performance.
The company reports that a project to invest $15 billion in green new materials estates is well under way, producing 400,000 tons of polystyrene devices and 100,000 tons of ethanol ammonium per year is expected to be built by the end of the third quarter of the year.
As a result, 150,000 tons of battery-grade carbonate units are expected to be completed by the end of the year; 180,000 tons of acrylic acid and 300,000 tons of acrylic esters are added to the base of Pyla by the end of the year; the project on electronic dioxygen water is well under way and planned to be completed by the end of the year; and the project on integration of new energy materials for the base of Pyla is in progress.
In preparation for the start-up work, a complete industrial chain will be formed with acrylic acid. The company is moving ahead with the construction project, which will lead to sustained performance growth.
Tons of 1-octane, 300-tons of 1-heptaphene per year, the project will provide raw material for the Poe project that the company is planning to advance. Poe is now highly monopolized overseas, and the progress of domestic firms is largely in the early stages.
The company’s main advantages in the field of poe are: 1) industry-wide: Poe is congregated through polyethylene and α-vinyl hydrocarbons. For polyethylene, the satellite has the only imported ethylene ethylene device in the country, the raw material is self-sufficient and the cost of producing ethylene is at the left of the industry’s cost.
At the same time, the company started research and development from α-vinyl hydrocarbons to ensure that all material in future poe production is owned and not subject to human constraints. 2) Cash flows are high and research and development inputs are high: the overall cash flow of satellite chemistry after pdh and ethane fission projects are on board is abundant and contributes to continuous research.
We believe that the company’s light hydrocarbon route responds to global lightening trends in carbon neutrality and context, and is highly scarce, and is expected to be revalued by the market. The risk of a sharp fall in product prices between 2022 and 2024 is expected for satellite chemistry: the project is not going as fast as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.