During the night of 14 July, satellite chemistry revealed a semi-annual performance forecast for 2022, company 2022.
The net return of 27,71 - 32.21 million yuan in the first half of the year, the same year-on-year growth rate and a stable second-quarter performance, the bottom of the company's performance or the presence of higher overall oil prices, short-term conflict leading to higher global energy prices, the price of ethane
Also affected by the volatility of natural gas, 22q2 increased by 29.61% from the gas price-led ring, 22q2 ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylitene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylitene ethylene ethylitene ethylitene ethylitene ethylitene ethylene ethylitene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylitene ethylene ethyleneene hertritritritritritritritritritritritritritritritritriline, ethylene ethylene, ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene, ethylene, ethylene, ethyl, ethyl, ethyl, ethylene, ethyl, ethylene, ethyl, ethyl, ethyl, ethylene, ethyl, ethyl, ethyl, ethyl, ethyl, ethyl, ethyl, ethyl, ethyl, ethyl, ox, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
The price increases of 14.53 per cent, 60.29 per cent, 4.04 per cent, mto price differentials and ethylene-pessel oil price differentials increased by +5.20 per cent/+4.04 per cent, respectively, and the ethane fission route was under relative pressure.
This rise reflects the fact that non-supply decisions, as fuel demand decreases, return to the low profitability of the ethylene fission plant in the country, and reverse the price of ethane. On the whole, we believe that the price of ethane is no longer logical. From downstream, 2022q2b
At this point, the demand side of the ethylene downstream country has passed the most difficult times. We believe that the subsequent c2 industrial chain will soon open up the recovery of the short-term pressure of propane dehydration, downstream acrylic acid and ester resilience.
The average market price of company acrylic acid, acrylic butyl esters - 8.78 per cent, -9.09 per cent, raw material propane prices - 1. Fluent trend in raw material - light hydrocarbon taps revalued + 1.38 per cent - overall stable.
The price differentials for acrylic acids, acrylic acids, acrylic acids and acrylic acids - 7.11 per cent, +38.43 per cent, 15.42 per cent, and 9.48 per cent respectively.
At the same time, lower macroeconomics and slower demand for real estate have hampered transmission of acrylic prices, and pdh devices have been challenged for profit and are now being used domestically.
The lowest price differential after entering pdh. As the heat demand for propane is declining and the demand for acrylic is returning, we expect that the price gap is already limited, and that it is expected to be repaired. From the downstream acrylic chain, the firm’s deep-deep Acid industry is currently the best in the carbon three sectors.
In one of the industries, price differentials and profitability are maintained better than in the other routes because of good supply and demand patterns. We believe that acrylic acids and esters can be maintained in two to three-year dimensions.
On 1 June, the company issued an announcement of progress that phase II of the joint installation project was completed on 1 June 2022 with the production of 1.35 million tons of pe, 2.19 million tons of eoe and 260,000 tons of acn.
A total investment of about $10.2 billion in the construction of a new 800,000 tons of pdh, 800,000 tons of BKC, 120,000 tons of new quintane and an accompanying device, which is expected to be in production by the end of 2023, while at the same time increasing the size of pdh and filling the corporate acetate chain's capacity to extract recyclol, has been achieved.
In late 2021, the company announced an investment in the new Green Chemical New Materials Industrial Park project, with a total investment of about $15 billion, which includes, inter alia, 200,000 tons of ethanolamine (eoa), 800,000 tons of polystyrene (ps) per year.
The production of 100,000 tonnes of alpha-folate hydrocarbons per year and associated poe, 750,000 tonnes of carbonate production plants per year and associated works were carried out in three stages. The company issued an announcement that the current phase I project was well under way, that long-cycle equipment had been ordered, and that construction work had begun and was expected to begin in 2022.
Pilot production began in the third quarter of the year. The Green Chemical New Materials Project, a forward-looking company, has developed a series of new, neck-cracked material series projects, such as battery-grade carbonate, a-hydrocarbons, and poe.
We believe that the company’s light hydrocarbon route responds to global lightening trends in carbon neutrality and context, is highly scarce and is expected to be revalued by the market. Satellite chemistry is expected to return in 2022-2024.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.