Capital expenditure is about to go down and business quality is expected to improve continuously \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The profits distributed in this way will be further increased to 70% of the profits of the company ' s shareholders in the year, with high scores continuing, strong and strong, moving clouds accelerating, and moving into the first camp: moving clouds achieved income of 50.3 billion in 2022.
\triangleright, 108.1% more than the previous year, maintaining the trend of doubling the growth rate. Of this, 41.238 billion yuan, or 114.5% more, was achieved for 2c2h, for 2b, for industry clouds.
Maja Wei, $5.5 billion, an increase of 59.5 per cent. It is worth noting that the central public cloud laas +paas is growing by up to 122.2 per cent, which is higher than the overall growth in mobile cloud revenue, indicating that the corporate cloud income structure is steadily improving.
With rising incomes, the market share of mobile clouds has risen significantly, now entering the first stage of the calculation of domestic clouds, with the public cloud sector ranked sixth, the marginal cloud ranked first, and the exclusive cloud ranked third. \triangleright
1. China’s move (600941.sh) in the three-quarterly reporting point in 2022 The country’s capital expenditure on mobile planning fell in absolute terms, the depreciation pressure is expected to decline in the future, and the overall quality of operations is expected to improve continuously. At the same time, the capital expenditure structure has been further optimized to match the high speed of cloud operations.
Review: Visible improvements in netting operations, high growth in dict operations - 2022/04/22: Deepening digital transformation, overall development of Chbn operations
\triangleright-2022/03/24 5. China Mobile (600941.sh) Company
Continuing to consolidate the fundamentals of business, the emerging business that is represented by cloud calculations continues to flourish, creating a second-growth curve for companies. At the same time, with the decline in capital spending, the quality of the company’s operations is expected to continue to improve.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.