The year-round performance is in line with expectations, with digital transformation driving future growth opportunities Robust growth in basic operations, and continuous upgrading of mobile and network-based arpu operations: 2022 mobile communications
Services reached 81,258 million yuan, an increase of 8.1 per cent in the same year, with a steady rise in the personal market, with a net increase of 18,110,000 households, up from 975 million. Household markets grew rapidly, and income digitized dict income increased by 38.8 per cent, to 86.4 billion yuan, driving the year.
Hbn’s share rose to 39.8 per cent, and mobile cloud revenues increased by 50.3 billion yuan, compared to 108.1 per cent in the same year, and doubled in the third year in a row to become the country’s largest industrial bloc. The company’s projected capital expenditure in 2023 was $183.2 billion, a decrease of 1 per cent in the same year, with an increase in arithmetic investment of 34.9 to 45.2 billion yuan in the same year.
5 g less related investments, increased digitalization, especially numeracy-side capital spending, continued investment in research and development, active promotion of new generation ICT development such as 5g and 6g, and accelerated promotion of the ii industry layout: China's mobile innovation capacity has increased significantly over the past few years, building a nation.
A group of national-level vehicles, such as an engineering research centre and a national open innovation platform for artificial intelligence.
In the past few years, China has significantly improved its ability to innovate, building a national engineering research centre and a national artificial intelligence.
The pioneering network of arithmetic power has evolved from conceptual prototypes to industrial practices, with more than 150 billion annual transfers of wisdom and increased original innovation capabilities.
We believe that mobile, as a domestic leader, is expected to provide a future digital transformation by using the operator's advantage to deep-scale therithmetic industrial chain and enter the ai service business. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. investments and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or re-distributed.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.