China ' s move (600941) continued to record high growth in hbn operations in 2022 and strong digital transformational energy.
Chbn Client size, overall growth in income size and hbn performance were excellent. Personal markets: increased consumption of personal digital life by billions of yuan, 1.1 per cent over the same period, 975 million mobile customers, net increase of 1,811,000 households, net increase of the net increase
The model was three years high, with 5g package clients reaching 614 million, a net increase of 227 million, 5g network clients reaching 330 million (a net increase of 120 million), an increase in penetration to 33.6 per cent, 5g network clients reaching $81.5 and 24.7gb.
Family Markets: The company has invested in expanding the value space of “all gigabyte plus cloud life” by actively promoting broadband, television, smart family “three leaders” projects, accelerating the transformational upgrading of family informatization solutions (hdict) and innovative construction of the hdic standardized operating system.
Within 52 weeks, the highest/lowest price billion households (a net increase of 25.7 million households), with 3.83 million broadband subscribers in gigabytes, have continued to increase penetration rates. Household broadband income grew by 9.4%, and smart households added value business income increased.
(a) China moved Hong Kong (bvi) by 43.4 per cent, while the combined household clients arpu amounted to $42.1 yuan, an increase of 5.8 per cent over the same period;
Ten thousand families, a net increase of 4.37 million. Mobile clouds make a major breakthrough in key core technologies, such as the cloud computing operating system.
In addition, the company's 5g network has achieved full productization. It has accelerated its 5g network. It has been able to increase its intellectual capacity. By the end of the year, 5g commercial cases had accumulated to exceed 18,000, resulting in a yearly contract of 365 billion yuan for the project, and 5g network income of 2.550 billion yuan.
This represents an increase of 107.4 per cent, with new paths such as the former Smart Mine, the Smart Factory, etc., leading to new growth opportunities, such as the new races.tov and tog. Emerging markets: to achieve high-speed growth with a total annual income of $38.5 billion, an increase of 26.9 per cent.
With deep synergies in international domestic markets, revenues from international operations amounted to $16.7 billion, an increase of 25.4 per cent over the same period, high-speed innovation driven by high-quality Internet products such as video and cloud games, digitally inclusive income amounted to $21.3 billion, an increase of 27.2 per cent over the same period, and equity investments based on "value contributions."
Eco-building, production and co-location, strengthening the two-line model of direct investment plus fund, deep-deep extension of key area layout, capital bonding, promoting mutual empowerment of capital and business, and active construction of intellectually transformed kinship circles, with 31 participating firms.
The digital transition income “second growth curve” has been very effective. The company is investing in digital transformation operations, which, with the rapid growth of 5g applications, mobile clouds, intelligent households, digital content etc., generated $20.76 billion in 2022, an increase of 30.3% over the previous year.
The incremental contribution of revenue to services amounted to 79.5 per cent, making it an important engine for corporate development. Of this, industry’s digitally important income was 38.8 per cent higher than the corresponding increase of 86.4 billion yuan, resulting in a digital transition that led to a more balanced and robust revenue structure and a strong dynamic for sustainable development.
For the first time in recent years, $183.2 billion was spent, of which $83 billion was spent on 5g network capital (100 billion and 96 billion, respectively, last year and the same period this year). 5g network capital expenditure fell.
The data used in the present report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek to be independent, objective and equitable. The findings of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.