Quantities (600233.sh) with high performance expectations and a significant increase in the profit of digital transition aid q3 Events: 3-quarterly reports by companies in 2022: 38.8 billion won in the first three quarters of 2022.
Of this, 22q3 achieved revenues of $13.8 billion, a 25 per cent increase in the same year; net profit return of $998 million, a 223 per cent increase in the same year; net gain of $960 million, a 229 per cent increase in the same year, was higher than expected.
q3 Low-season unit prices and robust business-led profit growth: the company accumulated 12,675 million items in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 8.9 per cent compared to the previous quarter, of which q3 completed 4.59 billion items, was in silent management following a monthly outbreak in U, and was prevented from operating in couriers, and industry was prevented from doing so.
The volume of transactions increased at a rate of 4.9 per cent over the same period, with a 10 per cent increase in the volume of round traffic and 5.2 pct, a robust growth in the volume of operations. With respect to single-ticket income, the q3 Express revenue was $2.53, the prices of the industry were less competitive, the company’s last-end pricing capacity increased, the customer structure was optimized and the price of oil was adjusted.
Rising prices, disease control, etc., have led to short-term increases in the cost of express delivery to the end of the express delivery. With electricity suppliers booming, rising oil prices are expected to raise costs, the company’s q4 single-vote price is expected to remain strong and open to price increases, and its profitability will be repaired.
The Māori rate has risen by 4.2 per cent and costs are well regulated: companies have continued to optimize their business models over the past two years, improve infrastructure, upgrade their models and structures, and optimize the quality of their networks. Second, they have actively promoted express delivery service stratification, product stratification, with continuous improvement in their ability to manage costs through digital transformation and cost control.
The efficiency and quality of services has improved significantly, with a marked increase in product pricing capacity and a sustained improvement in profitability. The net profit of 2203 coupons is 0.2 dollars, a significant increase in the ratio (2103 coupons).
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.