Low-season earnings remained strong and business volume grew faster (for the first time) Round Express (600233) tri-quarter 2022
Incident: The company issued its third quarter report in 2022. The company achieved business income of $38.825 billion in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 27.12 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company was $2,771 million, with a strong growth in profit during the rest of the season. The company achieved business income of $13.758 billion in the third quarter of 2022, a comparison of the same year.
Net profits amounted to $962 million, an increase of 228.97% over the same period. Given the spread of the epidemic in the country in the last three quarters, the outbreak disturbed Yeu into silent management in August, the company’s cost-control efforts were significant, and performance growth continued to be strong during the rest of the season.
Express operations grew faster and single-roll revenues increased steadily. In the first three quarters of 2022, companies completed 12,675 million coupons, of which 1,564 million were delivered in September, a slight decline compared to the previous year, mainly affected by the fall in the season and crude oil costs.
The industry’s strong regulation of prices is not sustainable, and competition in the industry has gradually shifted towards upgrading the quality of services and enhancing the network acquisition experience. Companies have continued to push for digital transformation, an information platform that strengthens logistics management, improves the efficiency of pick-ups, and reduces costs.
Roe (ttm) is covered for the first time with a recommended rating.
Building and self-associated networks is expected to continue to raise the speed limit and service experience, and companies are expected to compete for a transition phase in which new entrants during the transition may re-inflame prices in a price-for-value manner. (2) The new crown epidemic repeats itself: repeated outbreaks of internal dispersion may lead to local silence.
(c) Management, limiting logistics demand. (iii) Macroeconomic volatility: the country ' s current network acquisition penetration rate has reached a high level and is not likely to increase rapidly, the demand for express goods is mainly influenced by macroeconomics, and macro-economic fluctuations may inhibit the overall consumer demand of the population and cause it to decline.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.