Low-season prices were robust, single-way profits kept high, transport and logistics, billions of dollars (24.6 per cent more than the same year), net profit returns to mothers of $10.0 billion (223 per cent more than the same year) and deductions.
With a net profit of 960 million yuan (an increase of 229 per cent over the same period), the company has achieved high performance in four consecutive quarters.
In the traditional season, business growth is expected to continue to improve. The company’s third-quarter Express price is about 52 weeks’ maximum/minimum price, and competition remains subdued, owing to the rise in oil prices and the impact of outbreak control on delivery costs.
Short-term up, to the end of the expressway, three because of rookie wrapping and multi-reverse logistics business clearings with different calibers than traditional business. Digitalization continues to give, single-ticket cost performance is stable, and the company’s three-quarter-time fast-for-profit ring is stable.
The core indicators continue to be aligned with their peers’ leaders through the digitally enabled network of tools and the optimization of network quality. The company’s single-legged net profit in the third quarter of this year was about 0.20 dollars, a significant increase in the same year, and a slight increase in the ring.
Thus, four consecutive quarters of single-way profit performance has been very visible, mainly as a result of: 1) regulatory agencies have regulated irrational competition in the express-way sector since the second quarter of 2021, and price wars have continued to subside; 2) companies have improved the quality of the services of the entire network through business reforms over the past two years, with companies in the second half of last year
To start phasing out low-quality customers and optimizing the client structure; 3) Against the background of frequent outbreaks and large increases in oil prices, Round Express (600233.sh) - one-way express profit performance is bright and competitive, with firm operating costs remaining stable, and three-quarter single-roll transport and transit costs are almost equal to those of transit operations.
In addition, the net return on the company's aviation and freight forwarding operations for three quarters is estimated at less than $60 million.
The Division’s total capital expenditure for the third quarter is $1.29 billion, with a broadly flat ring ratio and a marked decline in the same year, and it is expected that this year’s corporate capital expenditure will fall slightly by the same time. Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Keeping the profit forecast constant, net return profits are expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the third quarter of 2022, respectively. Operating income was 13.76 billion yuan in the third quarter of 2022 (a 24.6 per cent increase in the same year), a net return of $10.0 billion (a 223 per cent increase in the same year), with no net return to the mother.
In the third quarter, the company grew steadily, the city held high, and the price was strong. Despite repeated internal epidemics, the impact was smaller than in the second quarter, when the company recovered to 8.5%, compared to 8.5% in the third quarter.
Quarterly cities are estimated at about 16%, and the ring is almost equal to the second quarter. The fourth quarter is a traditional high season of express delivery, and the volume of operations is short-term upswings due to higher oil prices and outbreak control, leading to the end of the express delivery, and the third is because rookies are wrapped and multi-reverse logistics operations have different calibers than traditional operations.
Digitalization continues, single-ticket cost performance stabilizes, and the company’s three-quarters fast-carrying profitability ring rises and remains stable at a high level. Over the last two years, digital transformation advantages have been fully realized, enabling alliances through digital management tools and optimizing network quality, and core indicators have been consistently aligned with their peers.
About $0.04 and $0.18 respectively. The company's profit performance has been very bright for the last four consecutive quarters of 2021, thanks mainly to: 1) regulatory regulation of expressive behaviour in the industry since the second quarter of 2021, and continued easing of price wars; 2) the company's overall improvement through business reforms over the last two years.
The quality of the network ' s services, with companies starting to phase out low-quality customers and optimize its client structure since the second half of last year; 3) In the context of recurrent outbreaks and high oil prices, the company ' s operating costs remain stable, with three-quarter single-ticket transport and transit costs largely equal to those of the rest of the year.
It is estimated at less than $60 million. The total capital expenditure of the company in the third quarter is $1.29 billion, the ring ratio is essentially flat, the same comparison is figure 6: Māori round-speed transport rate and changes in net home interest rates The author guarantees that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgment and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author