Larger shares (600160): Fluorinated industries are expected to enter the long-term climate cycle, where the advantage of long-term integration is evident.
The industry chain is well developed, with the necessary industrial support systems for the fluorine industry, such as chlor-alkali, sulphur-acid, coal-chemical and basic-fluorinated industries, which are now the leading industrial cluster of new fluorine-based materials in the country. The company ' s fluorine-based feedstock plate provides raw materials for products such as refrigerants, fluorine-containing polymers, etc., and enhances the competitive advantage of the product; at the same time, the company ' s fluorine industry is chlorine.
The company has a well-developed R & D system and the country’s leading R & D power in the fluorine industry. The company focuses on R & D, and the R & D cost ratio is a crystallization.
Annually, up to 2023h1, companies and subsidiaries had 589 authorized technology patents, and six key subsidiaries had long-term deep-deep-cultivated fluorinated industries and a wealth of customer resources through the State.
In the case of refrigerants, the direct export of companies includes countries in North America, South America, Africa, South-East Asia, South Asia, the Middle East and West Asia, where the company has also completed the production of 30,000 tonnes/year Hfcs devices in the United Arab Emirates, further consolidating its competitive advantage in overseas markets.
Refrigerant supply and demand relationships have improved, the industry is expected to enter a long-term climate cycle, and the company ' s Hfcs assets have been used efficiently and competitively, and its performance is expected to advance over the long term. Since 2023, domestic refrigerant quotas for second-generation refrigerants have been further reduced, three generations of refrigerants have been reduced, price differential repairs have been evident and have returned to reasonable areas; in September, the third-generation refrigerant quota allocation programme was meant to be implemented.
See the draft, the three-generation supply of refrigerants is fixed, companies maintain a high capacity utilization rate of hfcs, the total distribution of quotas is expected to prevail, capital utilization efficiency will remain high, competitive advantages are evident and performance is expected to advance over the long term.
The demand for fluoropolymer pvdf is expected to increase in synchronous fashion, with the company pvdf starting early, new production available in a timely manner, integrated industry well-developed and competitively competitive; the development of ari-calculus and the development of data centres are leading to an increase in the demand for liquid cold-temperature control, a wide market space for fluorine fluids and a right time for national production to be replaced.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: A company as a leader in the domestic fluorine industry, a well-developed industrial chain provides a competitive advantage for companies. Products such as refrigerants, fluorinated polymers, etc. are in the vanguard, benefiting from the long-term climate of the refrigerant industry, rising demand for high-end new fluorinated materials, and wide scope for company performance growth. We expect companies to be 2023-2025.
The company is the leader in the fluorine industry, and the advantages of integration are evident. 1.1. The company's industrial chain is complete and highly integrated.
Zhejiang Giant Co. Ltd. and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, which specializes in the fluorinated industry, its sound operation, its continued well-being, and its gradual transformation from a basic chemical industry to a leading domestic fluorinated industry.
The company is a leading domestic fluorinated industry, with a well-developed and highly integrated fluorinated industry. The company owns the necessary industrial support systems for fluorinated industries, such as chlor-alkali, sulphuric, coal and basic fluorinated industries, and on this basis forms a complete fluorinated product consisting of basic raw materials, fluorine refrigerants, organic fluorides, fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, etc.
Industrial and industrial chains, along with the further development of the petrochemical industry. The company is now the leading industrial cluster of new chlorochemicals in the country, shifting product competition to industrial clusters, and global fluororefrigerant and auxiliary chlorinated material (methane chloride, trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene), and pvdc product line leaders.
The company's industrial chain is complete, and the main raw materials for export are sulphur, fluorine, partly hydrogen fluorine, coal, industrial salt, vcm, industrial benzene, and nitric acid. Of this, fluorine is the main source of the fluorinated industrial plate, industrial salt is the main source of the chlor-alkali industrial plate, producing methane chloride of the refrigerant feedstock through coal-based methanol. Some of the company's hydrochloric acids, flints are sold to other enterprises in the province.
Other intermediates have largely been self-supplied and consumed.
In the areas of medical care and food, where the company ' s fluorine material is a support material for some of the emerging industries with its unique and superior properties, the fluorine feedstock plate: the company owns 107.24 million tonnes/year of fluorinated raw materials, including hydrohydroxide, trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene, methane chloride, r142b, methanol, etc., and the company ' s own fluorinated raw materials are available for production by the company.
Demand for raw materials for fluorinated industrial products, with some of the products being sold out. Refrigerant plates: the company is currently the only company with one- to four-generation fluorinated refrigerant series with a refrigerant production capacity of 68.23 million tonnes/year, including second-generation refrigerants r22, third-generation refrigerants r32, r134a, r125 and second-generation refrigerants r134a, r125
Four generations of refrigerant hfos, etc., after many years of research and development, the company developed electronic fluorinated liquids, including hydrofluoroethers (HFEd) and perfluoropolyether jht products, which further strengthens the company ' s leading position in the fluorine refrigerant industry.
Rapid growth, with a series of fluoropolymer products such as ptfe, pvdf, fep, fkm, pfa, etfe, etc. Coalized industries: companies own 350,000 tonnes/year of total ammonia, 130,000 tonnes/year of methanol, 60,000 tonnes/year of carbon dioxide, etc., and provide companies with raw materials such as stable methanol, liquid ammonia and industrial gas.
In the field of petrochemical materials: the company owns 50,000 tonnes/year n.propanol, 40,000 tonnes/year cyclohexone, 60,000 tonnes/year buttoxone per year, 150,000 tonnes/year ammonium sulfide, 75,000 tonnes/year epoxy chlorpropane, etc., while the company also has a 100,000 tonnes/year n.propanol expansion project and a 150,000 tonnes/year special polyester cut new material project.
1.2. The shareholders in the company are the conglomerates, the controlling shareholders in Zhejiang State Finance Committee, the controlling shareholders in Zhejiang State Finance Committee, and the controlling shareholders in Zhejiang State Finance Committee, which, as at 30 June 2023, held 53.43 per cent of the company ' s shares directly and indirectly and had a stable equity structure
The State Finance Committee of Zhejiang Province holds 90% of the shares of the Giant Group, directly and indirectly. Five departments have been set up under the company’s umbrella, namely, the Ministry of New Fluorine Refrigerants, the Ministry of Fluoride, the Ministry of chlor-alkali New Materials, the Ministry of Fossil Materials and the Ministry of Ningbo, respectively, for fluorocooled refrigerants, fluoropolymer materials, food packaging materials, petrochemical materials, and the chemical trade and new products.
Development of new technology and research applications in the field of research and development.
Its resources are distributed mainly in the provinces of Hunan, Zhejiang, Jiangxi, Fujian, Anhui, Inner Mongolia and Hebei, in the areas of the Central Centre for the Euguish Resources, in the immediate vicinity of the river's sulfur-rich iron-mines, and in the areas where they are concentrated, in the areas of fluorine, in the areas where they are purchased, and in the areas where they are purchased, where they are facilitated, and where they have a natural resource advantage for the development of the fluorinated workers.
The company focuses on R & D, and the R & D cost rate increases every year. The company has a well-developed R & D system and the country's leading research and development power in the fluorine industry.
The Technology Centre, the National Research Centre for Fluorine Engineering and Technology, the BA (Doctoral) workstation, the Provincial Centre for Advanced Manufacturing Innovation, the New Materials Research Institute, the Low Carbon Refrigerator Institute, the Experimental Plants, the Joint Laboratory of the Institute of Research and Research, among others, have developed a collaborative research and development mechanism for collaborative technological innovation systems and production bridging.
Research and development costs for companies have increased from year to year since 2020. As of 2023h1, the cost of research and development in companies has reached 498 million yuan.
Companies and subsidiaries have 589 authorized technology patents, and six key affiliates have been certified by national high-technology firms. Companies have led/participated in the development of more than 20 national, industry and group standards, drafting eight Zhejiang manufacturing standards. 1.5. Companies are working deep in the fluorine industry, and performance has improved along with the fluorine industry landscape.
As a result, the company ' s net profit in 2022 was 2,381 million yuan, an increase of 114.66 per cent over the previous year. Refrigerants, basic chemical products, fluorinated polymer plates accounted for a relatively high share of the company ' s operating income and Māori. Since 2013, the company ' s refrigerants, basic chemical products and other fluorinated polymer plates have been maintained in the company ' s main operations.
Refrigerants, basic chemical industries, fluoropolymer plates earned 2,873 million yuan, 1,430 million yuan and 1,138 million dollars in 2022, while the company ' s gross profits ranked in the top three sub-platforms as basic chemical products, fluoropolymers and food packagings fell during the company ' s period, investment in research and development increased and profitability increased. Since 2020, the company ' s sales costs increased.
Corporate R & D costs have fluctuated over the last 10 years, from the highest percentage of corporate refrigerant block receipts in 2013, and company performance has been similar to the price of refrigerant products, with refrigerant entering into billions of yuan, accounting for 36.99 per cent of the company ' s total revenues.
Second-generation refrigerant r22 and third-generation refrigerant r32 prices are generally consistent. At the end of September 2023, the Implementation Programme for the Establishment and Distribution of Total Hydrofluorocarbons Quotas for 2024 (Application Draft) was launched, three-generation refrigerant quota policies were in place, refrigerants were about to enter the climate cycle, and company performance was expected to advance over the long term.
In 2022, the company ' s domestic and overseas sales earnings were distributed separately to countries in the regions of North America, South America, Africa, South-East Asia, South Asia, the Middle East and West Asia, where the company also built 30,000 tonnes/year Hfcs in the United Arab Emirates, further consolidating the company ' s presence.
The profitability of mega-equity and price trends for fluorinated refrigerant products are largely consistent with the initial landing of the three-generation refrigerant quota, which is expected to enter the climate cycle.
2.1. The continuing reduction of the second generation of refrigerant quotas, the tightening of supply and demand in the industry, and the further downward revision of the second generation of refrigerant production quotas. Under the Montreal Protocol, we should reduce our reduction to 2.5 per cent in 2015 and phase it out in 2040, so that in recent years we have applied Hcfcs
Quota system for production and use. In 2023, the Ministry of Eco-Environment again reduced production quotas for second generation refrigerants, following the maintenance of the three-year Hcfcs quota at 29.28 million tonnes/year, down to 2148 million tonnes/year in 2023, a reduction of 26.64 per cent.
R22 has a stable demand, mainly for maintenance and production enterprises. R22 downstream consumption is currently used mainly for the production of polytetrafluoroethylene, while the rest is used in areas such as after the sale of refrigeration equipment and sculpting plates. According to the Mobil data, in the structure of the downstream consumption of R22, 50% of the polytetrafluoroethylene and 20% of the condensed panels are used for refrigeration (15%) and the rest after the sale of air conditioners (12%)
R22 production quotas are concentrated and industrial patterns are optimized. Head firms have been dominant in the competition for production quotas, so during the reduction of quotas, r22 production quotas have been concentrated further towards the head and industrial patterns have been optimized.
Quotas, r22 industry cr4 reached 82.13 per cent, while its Middle East Intergovernmental Group, mega-stocks and Jiang Sumeyran accounted for the first three shares, not to exceed 29.46 per cent, 26.10 per cent and 20.68 per cent. 2.2.hfcs supply and demand relationship repairs, with a potential to maintain a high level of capacity utilization at the company level
Hfcs use was reduced to less than 15 per cent of its baseline; developing countries should freeze consumption and production of hfcs at baseline values in 2024, based on the average of their 2020 to 2022 use of hfcs, starting with a reduction in 2029, to a rapid expansion of refrigerant production capacity of the third generation, followed by stabilization at the end of the baseline year, pressure relief for expansion, and three-generation refrigerant prices
In the baseline year, in order to capture the quota, major refrigerant manufacturers promoted the expansion of third-generation refrigerant capacity, while increasing the start-up rate to increase production. From 2018 to 2021, the production capacity of r32 rose from 272,000 tons to 507,000 tons, which has remained stable since then. During the baseline year, rapid expansion of capacity created supply pressures for three generations of refrigerants, leading to supply pressures.
The prices of r32, r134a and r125 continued to be depressed, with the difference between r32 and r134a falling to a negative value, with output expansion having weakened since the second half of 2022, raw material prices falling since the beginning of 2023 and multiple factors, and third-generation refrigerant products having been rationalized and price differentials repaired.
Figure 19r 32 yield and rate of increase: 20r 32 difference ($/t) 21r 134a output and rate of increase (t)
Figure 22r 134a price difference (RM/t) Figure 23r 125 capacity production and acceleration (t) Figure 24r 125 price difference (RM/t)
The third generation of the refrigerant quota allocation programme was published, the third generation of refrigerant supply was fixed, and the support refrigerant enterprise was renovated. On 21 September 2023 of the baseline year, the Ministry of Ecology launched the " Total HFC quota set and distribution implementation programme for 2024 " (the draft comments), which used the Kigali Amendment to provide tons of dioxygen.
Carbon equivalency (tco2) in units, plus 65 per cent of the baseline value of production and use of hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs), establishing a baseline value of 1,852 million tco2 and a baseline value of 904 million tco2 (including import base line value of 0.05 million tco2) for our production of hfcs. Overall, this quota landing has contributed to a smooth transition in the three-generation refrigerant sector and has contributed to a smooth transition for each generation of refrigerants.
According to the Draft Opinion, three generations of refrigerant quotas are based on the approved production levels for the baseline year hfcs production verification organized by the Ministry of Eco-Environment to determine the respective production levels.
The production quota for 2024, issued on the basis of the hfcs variety. According to company announcements, the production of hfcs and capacity in previous years will remain at a relatively high level, with clear advantages for the efficiency of the use of the company’s assets.
2.3. Refrigerant demand has continued to grow. Third generation refrigerants are used mainly for household, vehicle air-conditioning refrigerants and blending with other refrigerants. In terms of consumption structure, r32 is used mainly for air-conditioning refrigerants and blended refrigerants, of which about 70 per cent are air-conditioning refrigerants; r134a is used mainly for air-conditioning refrigerants;
In automobile refrigerants, about 50 per cent, the remaining aerosols, blending with other refrigerants, commercial refrigeration equipment and pharmaceutical aerosols accounted for 25 per cent, 10 per cent, 10 per cent and 5 per cent, respectively; r125 downstream was used mainly for blending with other refrigerants (70 per cent) and the remaining 30 per cent for extinction.
Decline, with production declining in 2020, and low growth since 2021. By 2022, our country had reached 222 million air-exchange production, which is expected to remain steady and steady in the future, taking into account economic warming and the high summer temperatures in recent years; the automobile market, which is the main downstream market for r134a, was the vehicle production in 2017-2022.
Production trends are similar, and since 2020, when we reached a relatively high point, our refrigerators and freezers have begun to decline, with 8664.4 and 22.602 million units, respectively, in 2022.
Figure 30 Domestic vehicle production and increase (millions) Figure 31 Domestic refrigerator production and increase (millions) Figure 32 Domestic freezer production and increase (millions)
Domestic refrigerant demand projections: According to our estimates, domestic demand for HFC refrigerants is expected to reach 44.25 million tonnes in 2023 to 2025, 1) 20% of domestic air conditioners need to be added to refrigerants in 6-12 years of use and phased out after 12 years; vehicle air conditioners are expected to be phased out after 12 years
Because of the frequency of switches and the use of environmental factors, 25 per cent of refrigerants need to be added between 6 and 12 years of use and phased out after 12 years; the average repair rate for refrigerators and freezers is 5 per cent and will be phased out in the 10th year. (2) The amount of refrigerant required for household air conditioning, car air conditioning, refrigerators and freezers is 0.8 kg/ table, 0.8 kg/ table, 0.2kg/, respectively.
The production of domestic air conditioners, refrigerators and freezers increased at a combined rate of 3 per cent, 1 per cent and 1.5 per cent respectively, the company ' s refrigeration industry chain is complete and its refrigerant raw materials are self-produced. The company ' s refrigerant feedstocks, hydrofluoric acid, methane chloride, etc.
Self-supporting, such as trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene and hydrofluoric acid, can help to increase the stability of raw material supply and lower costs. Tonne/year ahf capacity, expected to be completed in December 2023, will further increase the cost advantage after completion.
By the end of September 2023, the price differentials for dichloromethane, trichloromethane, trichloroethylene and tetrachloroethylene had amounted to 1759.65.1335.3863.96/949.72, respectively, and were still on the upward trend, with the difference for hydrofluoric acids reaching $2559.2 and the difference for refrigerants with hydrofluoric acids (M/T)
The company’s well-developed fluorinated industrial chain provides a significant competitive advantage for the company’s refrigerant products. The company’s methane chlorination product is in the lead domestically, with an additional 1199 million tonnes of methane chlorination in 2022, which, according to the moor data, was captured by the company’s capacity of 850,000 tonnes/year of methane chloride, 80,000 tonnes/year of trichloroethylene, and tetrachloroethylene by the end of 2022.
The company has a significant advantage in reducing refrigerant products by having a complete industrial chain as the main feedstock for the production of methane chlorides, trichloroethylene and tetrachloroethylene as HFC refrigerants. According to the MOYU data, we compare the production costs of two or three generations of refrigerants r22, r32, r134a and r125 chlorinated and hydrofluoric acids with the production costs of their own production.
By the end of September 2023, the difference between the out-purchase and self-production costs of r22, r32, r134a and r125 chlorinated and hydrofluoric acids, figure 37r32 chlorinated and hydrofluoric acids, and out-purchase and own-production costs (RM/t), figure 36r22 chlorinated and hydrofluoric acids, and out-purchase and own-production costs (RM/t)
Figure 38r 134a Chloride and Hydrofluoric Acid Outsourcing and Self-Producing Costs (RM/t) Figure 39r 125 Chloride and Outsourcing and Self-Producing Costs (RM/t) 3. Corporate layout of high-value-added fluorinated new materials extending the industry chain
New energy demand drives the development of the pvdf industry, companies have a pre-emptive advantage, companies have a fluoropolymer size that is a national leader and maintains a rapid growth trend. Companies now have a series of fluoropolymer products, such as ptfe, pvdf, fep, fkm, pfa, etc., which are the most promising in the organic fluorinated industry.
Industry, one of the industries, at the middle and back end of the fluorinated industrial chain, has a high value added product, consisting mainly of fluorine resins, fluorine rubbers, fluorine coatings, three categories, because of its excellent chemical tolerance, durability, low surface performance, low friction factors, low-median constants, among other good features, in the domestic sphere, electronics, medical health, building environmental protection, aerospace and equipment manufacturing.
A wide range of applications. Polyfluoroethylene (pvdf) is congregated by fluoroethylene polymers or fluoroethylenes with other small fluoroethyl monomers, and is characterized by fluorine resins and general resins, in addition to good chemical corrosivity, high temperature, etc.
Special properties, such as intermediate, thermal, etc., are products of fluorinated plastics that produce less than ptfe. Pvdf is usually produced with acetylene and vdc routes, where acetylene is produced with acetylene and hydrofluoric acid, r152a, r142b is formed with liquid chlorine and then obtained with vdf, and the vdc route with a reaction of vdc with hydrofluoric acid is recomposed with r141b
Hydrofluoric acid formed r142b, which was then produced by r142b and then condensed into pvdf. Figure 40 pvdf industrial chain map shows a rapid increase in the production capacity of our pvdf in 2022 to 115.5 million tons, an increase in comparison.
56.08 per cent, yielding 578 million tons, an increase of 21.39 per cent over the same period. Pvdf is used mainly in the lithium battery industry, paints and respirators, with applications reaching 39 per cent, 30 per cent and 15 per cent, respectively. As the demand for lithium batteries increases, pvdf has increased rapidly as the demand for lithium batteries is increasing and businesses have expanded.
Figure 412019-2023: our pvdf capacity, output and rate of increase in the same year. Figure 42: Our pvdf consumption structure. In recent years, with the rapid growth of the new energy industry, our lithium cell output of positive materials has risen rapidly, reaching 2022
By 1947,000 tons, an increase of 77.97 per cent over the same period, combined growth of 43.14 per cent over the past five years, and a rapid increase in the supply and price of pvdf in 2021 due to the explosion of lithium batteries, coupled with the expansion of the production capacity of producers, which, after two years of construction, reached the peak of capacity growth in 2022, and the return of pvdf to the balance of supply and demand and prices to the pre-2021 level.
Figure 44 Price differential of our lithium grade pvdf (millions of yuan/tons) Figure 432088 and acceleration of our positive materials (tonnes) Figure 452022 China ' s capacity concentration of pvdf
The company's pvdf is top-down, fully equipped and cost-effective. According to the company's giant stock company announcement, the company's pvdf produced 10,000 tonnes/year, with 48,000 tonnes/year Vdf technology extension project, 30,000 tonnes/year technology extension project (of which 235,000 tonnes/year) and 80,000 tonnes r142b in construction, expected to be completed in 2023.
Pvdf is expanded by 235,000 tonnes/year. The company owns the pvdf whole-sector chain and currently has 20,000 tonnes/year r142b capacity to meet the existing 10,000 tonnes/year pvdf capacity, with a significant cost advantage.
Figure 47r 142b gross profits remain above $3,800 per tonne (in yuan/tons) 3.2. Fluorinated liquids market space is wide, corporate fluorinated liquids lead the home countryai ' s rapid development and the ongoing modernization of our industry has led to a significant increase in the demand for numeracy of data centres, root
According to data from the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the size of our data centre market rose from 51.28 billion yuan in 2017 to 19.7 billion yuan in 2022, with a compound rate of 29.96 per cent, and the number of data centre racks is expected to rise from 1.66 million in 2017 to 2022.
Figure 48 The size and speed of our data centre market (millions of dollars) The temperature control system is an important component of the data centre. The device produces a large amount of heat in the same time as the data processing, storage and exchange process.
In order to maintain the smooth running of the data centre as a whole, critical data such as temperature, humidity, etc., need to be strictly controlled through the operation of the temperature control system 24/7. The cooling technology currently being developed is mainly in the two categories of wind and liquid cooling, and as computing and energy-saving requirements increase, there is a need to keep the data in place.
Cold temperature control is a trend. The current data centre has a high power supply of 43% of the refrigeration temperature control system, and radiative heat is optimized as a key part of the data centre system design. Wind cooling is replaced by sending cold air to the int device, which is suitable for engine power, smaller data centres, with liquid cooling as a medium, which is directly exposed to the heat component through cooling fluids, as well as radiating heat, as a result of which
The heat conductivity of liquids is much higher than the gas, and the cooler cooler is more efficient than the high-power data centre.Figure 50 contrasts with the colder properties of liquids.
Leachate cooling is more efficient and effectively reduces the pue, an efficient, green and energy-efficient data centre refrigeration solution. Based on the data centre ' s research progress on leachate cooling, cooling has a strong application advantage in space utilization and material compatibility, but at cost, because of its isolation of the cooling board.
The device is responsible for the relatively high cost of technology applications. The sprayed liquid cooling technology, in turn, has significantly reduced the cost of building the data centre infrastructure by retrofitting old servers and cabinets, but the evaporation efficiency is lower. Compared to the previous two, the cost of impregnated technologies is more moderate, and space utilization and circulation are better demonstrated, especially in the form of evaporation effects.
Hydrocarbons and organic silicon compounds and fluorine-type cooling fluids are the cooling fluids most commonly used today in leachate cooling. Of these, hydrocarbons replace hydrogen contained in hydrocarbons with fluorine, which achieves both flash-free and non-combustible combustible.
Good heat conductivity and inertness. Depending on the composition and structure of the fluorocarbons, this can be divided into hydrochlorofluorocarbons (CFCs), hydrochlorofluorocarbons (hcfc), hydrofluorocarbons (hfc), perfluorocarbons (pfc) and hydrofluoroethers (hfe). 3m is expected to withdraw from the fluorine fluids by the end of 2025, and the huge core cooling fluids are expected to provide an opportunity for development.
For environmental reasons, 3m announced the closure of fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fluids, and pfas-based additives by 2025, a plan that will have a significant impact on the global semiconductor cooling fluid market, with domestic firms developing opportunities. The fluorinated fluid industry is now in an accelerated catch-up phase, and is expected to effectively meet domestic cooling fluid market demand in the future.
According to the megashare announcement, the huge core cooling fluid has entered the industrial phase and, after more than a decade of technological development, has been released a series of e-fluorinated liquid products, including the hydrofluoroetherd and perfluoropolyether jht products, which will further strengthen the company’s leading role in fluorine refrigerants. The company’s giant core cooling fluid project is planned to produce 5,000 tons/year.
The jht series can be used in semiconductors, pharmaceuticals, chemicals, aviation, LCD screens, digital centres, etc. The d series applies to blowing agents, high-end electron fluids, cleaning of a variety of sophisticated base materials, temperature control radiating systems.
4.1. The company achieves a chlor-alkali balance, and the burning price is in the air zone. Chlor-alkali chemicals are mainly produced by primary salt through electrolysis, with by-product chlorine gas and hydrogen gas. The most important downstream consumption structure of the burning alkaline is the aluminium oxide industry, which accounts for 28.80 per cent, followed by dye fibres, chemicals, and others;
The main downstreams of chlorine are pvc, which accounts for 43.58 per cent, and methane chloride, which accounts for 12.37 per cent and epoxypropane, 6.07 per cent, respectively.
In recent years, we have maintained a modest increase in the capacity of the country to burn alkali production, which has reached 49.136,000 tonnes/year (100%) this year, and a gradual increase in production, with a production rate of 29.35 million tonnes (100%) in January-August 2023 and a capacity utilization rate of 78.79%. Since by-product chlorine is a ready-to-use hazardous chemical, it is highly toxic and cannot be directly released or stored.
chlor-alkali companies are particularly important, and the start of chlor-alkali enterprises that cannot consume chlorine gas in a timely manner will be limited. Large parts of the country ' s chlor-alkali enterprises have selected the package of pvc production as a chlorine-consuming product, but since 2021, as land-side demand continues to decrease, domestic pvc demand declines, prices fall and profits in the pvc sector are affected.
The decline, in turn, has affected the start-up rate and supply of falcons and contributed to the maintenance of relatively high flaring prices. According to domestic price data for flaring, liquid chlorine, and pvc, liquid chlorine and flaring have generally been on the contrary, with prices falling rapidly to negative levels and pvc falling sharply in the second half of 2022.
The profitability of chlor-alkali enterprises in chlor-based products has been affected by the trend in domestic prices of flaring, liquid chlorine and pvc (in yuan/tons) where the advantages of the company ' s chlor-alkali panels have been evident and the chlor-alkali balance has been achieved through collaboration with the company ' s fluorine panels.
Early in 2010, the company converted its chlor-alkali section from basic chlor-alkali to new chlor-alkali-based materials, mainly pvdc-based, phased out 100,000 tonnes of membrane per year and 230,000 tonnes of pvc installed.
Installations such as electrostone vcm, optimization of 560,000 tons of ion membrane alkalis, methane chlorides, trichloroethylene and tetrachloroethylene, etc., which provide a complete complement to the company-owned fluorine industry and promote synergistic development.
Vdc provides raw materials for the company ' s refrigerant production, which supports the company ' s pvdc, pvdf production; the company ' s salin-burning product code is located in Zhejiang province, the first major supplier, in other chemical industries, textile dyes and water treatment.
4.2. The company ' s autonomous development of pvdc food packaging materials that break the international monopoly on pvdc packaging is currently recognized as the best plastic packaging material to be integrated in terms of barrierability. Polychlorinated dichloride (pvdc) is highly symmetrical and crystallized because of the large number of symmetrical chlorine atoms in its molecular structure, the highly symmetrical structure of the molecular chain,
High barrier behaviour, coupled with strong resilience, heat contraction, and good chemical stability, is widely applied to a variety of products with high resistance requirements, such as carpentry, dairy products, pharmaceuticals, etc. In contrast to different high-molecular materials, polyethylene alcohol (pva) resistance is not significantly different from pvdc, but it is not possible because of its prognosis.
Application in waterproof materials; ethylene-ethylene ethylene (veoh) barrier performance is superior to that of pvdc, but it decreases in humid environments, so that pvdc has an irreplaceable combination of barriers.
The company began to develop pvdc products in the mid-1980s. In August 2000, it invested 130 million yuan in the construction of the country's first 10,000-grade pvdc production unit, which produced vdc monomer, pvdc resin and emulsions.
Large foreign companies have long blocked our pvdc production technology. At present, the food packaging materials developed by the company have been validated with new polyvinyl chloride (pvdc) cogeneration resins by the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation, which has reached the level of advanced international technology and further expanded the production capacity of pvdc.
At present, the company’s pvdc products are in the majority in the country, in combination with the development of varieties, opening up domestic and international markets. In terms of specific products, the company consolidates the intestinal membrane pvdc resins, develops fresh membranes, multi-layered pvdc resins and pvdc emulsions, and expands the applications in the fields of medicine, bubbles, water coatings, etc.; and is active with downstream industries.
During the first half of the year, the company accelerated the process of industrialization of the pvdc emulsions for drug kits and coatings, and expanded the growth space of the company ' s pvdc plates. The company ' s pvdc range of resin products is currently on the rise, and the position of the department ' s leader in the food packaging industry is expected to become stronger.
5. Prospective profit and company valuation The growth point of the company ' s future main operations is mainly in the refrigerant and fluoropolymer material business plates. Since 2023, the fluorine industry has gradually entered the landscape cycle and the supply and demand of refrigerants is expected to improve as the third generation of refrigerant quotas have landed.
The company has a well-developed fluorinated industry, a basic chemical industry chain, and ancillary facilities, so we assume the company’s five main plates. The cost of chlorinated materials, such as liquid chlorine, methanol and dichloropropane, has fallen, and we expect the cost of refrigerant production to fall in 2023.
3) Fluorinated materials plate: The company ' s fluorinated materials plate is capable of producing methane chloride, trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene and surface, and the petrochemical material plate is mainly for industrial salt and benzene, which, according to the company ' s semi-annual report, is expected to be $1.37. We have selected the fluorinated industry-related companies Yong and shares, the shares of the United States dollar, and the goldstone resources as comparable, for comparison with the comparable companies.
The sharepe valuation is clearly below the average of comparable companies and covers the first time and gives a “buy-in” rating. The refrigerant industry policy is not as good as expected.
New capacity is built and invested less than expected. The company has more construction work in progress, which is influenced by policies, funds, etc., which may delay the completion of the project, thereby affecting the volume and profitability of the company. 3) Downstream demand is less than expected. The company’s main business is extensive downstream, and if global economic recovery is not expected, it will lead to corporate output.
The growth in demand for goods is not as high as expected, which in turn affects the performance of the company.Appendix: three series of forecasts of statements, using data information on legal compliance, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.