Gravity shares (600160.sh) Traditional light seasons are still well under way, three generations of coolant regenerative recovery, basic chemicals and chemicals.
The company publishes the Third Quarterly Report 2023: A significant increase in the sales of high-value products such as fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, and a significant optimization of the industrial structure. At the same time, the company’s costs and co-benefits are significant, and the financial structure is healthy.
In the first three quarters of the year, prices were affected by falling prices and weak downstream demand for raw materials such as vcm, sulphur, smoke-free coal, electric stones, etc.
Still at the bottom of the spectrum, companies have increased their production and sales of petrochemical materials, fluorinated polymers, fluorinated polymers, basic chemical products, and so on. The company’s continued innovation and strengthened nuclear competitiveness have led to patterns and trends in industrial co-development and high-end extension.
Fluorinated liquid products contribute to a high price of fluorinated fine chemicals and actively expand four generations of refrigerant products. In the case of fluorinated liquids, 1,000 tonnes/year of fluorinated liquid production is functioning properly, with a power of about $10 million in the first three quarters of 2023, resulting in a net profit of about $10 million. In the case of four generations of refrigerants, megapolymization is the only one in the country.
Larged Shares (600160.sh) - Refrigerant Prices Start Warming, Fluorine Fine Chemicals to Four Generations of Fluorine Refrigerants Series, which now owns two major HFC-4 refrigerant production units (for generations), with an annual capacity of 8,000 tonnes.
Megashares (600160.sh) - Performance growth of 115% is re-innovated, looking for refrigerant model advantages to be converted into business advantages, will continue to develop new low-gwp refrigerant varieties, such as HFC4 refrigerants, and mix varieties to adapt to market changes. We see that companies will develop further in quality.
Megashares (600160.sh) - high performance growth of 557% in the last three quarters, looking good at the industry
On the evening of 26 October 2023, the company published the Third Quarterly Report 2023: the first three quarters of 2023, which was a low-season period for traditional sales of refrigerants, with overall performance consistent with our previous expectations.
During the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved a significant increase in sales of high-value products such as fluoropolymer materials, fluorinated fine chemicals, and a marked improvement in the industrial structure. During the three years of 2020-2022, the company achieved a significant increase in sales of refrigerant products in reverse positions:
The company has been active in expanding the market share to obtain the hfcs quota, and has continued to firmly establish the industry leader, waiting for the quota option to land at the legislative level, where mega-equity will hopefully lead the industry; at the same time, the company has a well-developed system of production support for chlorinated substances, with the advantage of continuous industrial chain integration and effective cost control;
In addition, in recent years, companies have been actively expanding their reserves and applications of high-value products such as HFC-4 refrigerants, fluorine polymers, pvdcma resins, fluorine fluids (perfluoropolyethers, hydrofluoroethers, etc.). Overall, in recent years, companies have actively overcome rising energy and raw materials prices, increased market competition, and increased seasonal and safe production pressures.
By doing so, we see that the company will be able to take full advantage of and benefit from the opportunities offered by changes in industry patterns, focusing on high-quality development, and focusing on the overall requirements of “greening development, digital reform, a new mega-starter” and a first-class product.
At this point in time, we see that the fluorinated industry is ready to be configured, that the company, as the industry leader, will lead the cycle backwards; and that high-value-added products such as fluorinated fluids, fluorinated polymers, etc., will inject dynamism into the company’s long-term growth.
According to the company's Bulletin of Main Business Data, in the first three quarters of 2023: raw materials: the price of fluorescent stones has risen year after year, while the price of other raw materials has generally fallen. Some of the company's raw materials are now in marked decline. Among them are sulphur, vcm, electrostone, tetrachloroethane, and industrial salt, respectively, compared to the three quarters of 2022.
In terms of price of products: while prices of most products have fallen in the same year, prices of fluorinated and fine chemicals have increased significantly. In the first three quarters of 2023, companies were operating at a higher level of production, leading to higher production and sales of products and higher operating income.
In terms of volume: in the first three quarters of 2023, the company ' s production of petrochemical materials, fluoropolymer substances, fluoropolymer materials, fluoropolymer materials, basic chemical products and other products was 32.47, 3.89, 79.47, 9.26, respectively, as raw materials for internal downstream products; in addition, the fluorine product series was transferred from fluoropolymer materials to fluorinated concentrates.
In addition, in the first three quarters of 2023, the company’s production of three generations of refrigerants declined. From an operational point of view, the company was able to achieve significant structural optimization of products such as fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, petrochemical products, etc.
Energy-efficient emission reductions, precipitation, structural optimization, etc., have achieved steady operations. Figure 5: Trends in sales and average prices of fluorinated polymers, trends in sales and average prices of fluorinated chemicals, trends in sales and average prices, trends in sales of fluorinated chemical products, etc.
Refrigerants: 3-generation refrigerant climate pressure from 2020 to 2022, industry climate will gradually rise; 3-generation refrigerant price trends over the last three years: 2020, influenced by the impact of new coronary pneumonia, the Kigali amendment-induced quota competition, 3-generation refrigerant market continued to weaken at the end of 2019, and product prices continued.
The raw hydrofluoric acid (HFA), which had gone down during the epidemic, rebounded after reaching its year-wide low in May 2020. R32 excess capacity continued, with price limits; r134a prices reached their historical lows in recent years. Downstream air conditioning, the automobile industry, in 2020, dropped double production and sales in the first half of 2021.
In August of that year, the prices of refrigerant products rebounded markedly, with price increases for raw materials such as hydrofluoric acid, methane chloride, ethane chloride, etc., and in the context of low refrigerant start-up due to energy consumption, double control and power restrictions, while demand-side refrigerants entered the traditional reserve season. The price increase continued until early November 2021.
Since November 2021, refrigerant prices have generally returned in the context of the gradual release of feedstock end supply. In 2022, refrigerant prices have gradually moved down the road. In 2023, the price changes for refrigerant products have been divided: r125 prices have continued to fall with the cost of tetrachloroethylene, and have rebounded in the recent past, and r32 prices have fallen.
In recent years, in the case of second-generation refrigerants, the rate of substitution of our second-generation refrigerants has not been as fast as it has been reduced, the price of raw materials has been high, the producers’ quota has been limited, the overall level of profitability has continued to be high, and recent prices have remained high.
On the price side, R22's main offer was 8.33% higher than the same period last year. For three generations of refrigerants, the price of domestic refrigerant R32 was stable this week. RMB/tonne was 6.25% higher than last month, and 25.93% higher than the beginning of the year; R125's main offer.
On 26 October, 97% of the country's wet powder market had a tariff average of $3728 per ton, an increase of 0.98% over the previous week. The current situation with respect to mining production in the country is serious, and the supply of fluorescent powder is more difficult to change in the case of low stocks.
It is expected that growth will continue, with future quotas coming to the legislative level, a firm look at three generations of refrigerants, price poles going up and refrigerants going up. Currently, the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol has entered into force for China.
In 2045, China will reduce HFC use by 80% from the 2020-2022 baseline. This means that China will control Hfcs (HFCs)-related chemicals, including a 2024 freeze on Hfcs production and consumption.
Weak and in the third generation window of refrigerant quotas, with a relatively large supply. Currently, the pattern of excess refrigerant production in the third generation is gradually being reduced. The medium- and long-term demand for refrigerants is expected to continue to grow, and with future quotas coming to the legislative level, we see that three generations of refrigerant prices are expected to continue to rise.
In the medium-to-long term, demand for refrigerants in areas such as downstream air conditioning, refrigeration, automobiles, etc. is expected to continue to grow; and, with future quotas on the legislative floor, we see a continued increase in three generations of refrigerant prices.
In addition, it is worth noting that the applications of refrigerants r1234yf, r1234ze, etc., of the fourth generation are in the early stages, and that firms such as megashares, fluorofluoride etc. are now processing or stockpiling technology for the future fourth generation refrigerants will become a green alternative to the third generation of hfc refrigerants because of their superior performance and environmental performance.
As the only company in the country that owns one- to four-generation fluorinated refrigerants, the company now owns two dominant four-generation fluorinated refrigerant product devices (including surrogate processing) with an annual capacity of 8,000 tonnes. In addition to actively operating under the third-generation fluorinated refrigerant quota, the company will continue to study its advantages of scale in the future.
New refrigerant and blending varieties such as 4-generation HFC refrigerants adapted to market changes. Figure 7: R22 price-to-price tracking, Figure 8: r32 price-to-price tracking
Figure 9: Price and price differential tracking r134a Figure 10: Price and price differential tracking r125 Figure 11: Price and price differential tracking r143a
Figure 12: R142b price-to-price tracking
In the case of fluorine liquid cooling, the current application of liquid cooling techniques is mainly to high-performance computing, which is widely used in data centres, margin computing, and artificial intelligence technology. With the development of cloud computing, the innovation of big data, especially artificial intelligence technology, and the need to absorb a large number of data computing and storage data centres, there is a need to be more efficient in order to meet business development.
Intel's fourth-generation server, single cpu, in 2022, has passed 350 watts, Invedra single gpu chip, in 700 watts, and i's cluster computing density has generally reached 50 kw/ cabinet. According to our calculations, 40kw/ cabinets require about 500l of fluorine. According to Sadie's consultants, by 2025, liquid cold data.
The central (conservative) market size is $12.83 billion, of which the leaching market accounts for $52.61 billion. According to the Elephant idc, the time of the impregnation of the liquid cold server was 2026-2027. In terms of performance, the fluorine cooling liquid is the cooling fluid that is now more suitable for the data centre ' s liquid cooling system.
In the case of semiconductor scrubbers, fluorinated liquids can be used as a cleaning agent for particulate impurities such as semiconductors, lcd monitors, optical parts, etc., that can effectively remove fluorine residues.
Key supply chain raw materials for crystal round surface temperature control in the process, and long-term national production replacement space for electronic fluorinated fluids. Overall, the demand increase and penetration of “green computing” technologies such as cooling of liquid fluorinated fluids is expected to increase over the long term; and key supply chain feedstocks for crystal surface temperature control in semiconductor etching processes, electronic fluorinated fluorine
There is a wide range of alternatives to domestic production in the medium and long term: by adding up to 3m, we plan to withdraw fully from the pfas business in 2025, and our fluorine enterprises will have broad market opportunities. With the deepening of applications such as high-performance, high-value-added fluorinated products in the coming years, the country’s rapid growth in the fluorine industry is expected to continue.
Currently, according to company announcements, Giant Holdings has successfully developed a large core cooling fluid dedicated to high-performance data centre equipment, filling a gap in domestic high-performance data centre dedicated to cooling fluids, with key performance indicators comparable to foreign monopolistic products. The company ' s fluorine project products consist mainly of jht electronic flow lines, jhl0 lubricant.
The company plans to produce 5,000 tonnes/year of impregnated cooling fluid projects, one of which is a 1,000-ton/year project with a smooth operation, an increase in the cost of fluorinated fine chemicals, and another 4,000-ton production capacity that has yet to be built. We look forward to a future in which companies will continue to dig through capacity, reduce energy savings, and reduce emissions.
Precipitation, structural optimization, etc., further expansion of high-value-added products such as fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, fluorine cooling fluids Production of fluorinated industrial products for high-quality development Development of fluorinated polymers and other fluorinated chemicals, high-end extension of industrial chains
Companies have continued to work on “long chains, patches, patches, strong lines” and have improved significantly at the industrial level and competitively. Over the last three years, firms have made technological breakthroughs in fluorinated polymers, achieved a quantitative increase, and the product structure has been enriched and significantly improved. Companies now have ptfe, pvdf, fep, fkm, pfa, etc.
Pvdf has covered downstream industries such as coatings, solar slab membrane, water treatment membrane, cable cables, lithium cell glue, etc., and fkm materials have led the country. The company has developed a new special-colour chlor-alkali industry with vdc-pvdc at its core; in the first half of 2023, the company ' s dichloroethylene polymer has passed through the fourth manufacturing class.
In particular, in the last three years, the company’s fluorinated polymers have continued to achieve technological innovation breakthroughs, feedstockization of products, and technological advances. Investment proposals: maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Accompanied advantages and a healthy financial structure. Three generations of refrigerant products are now at the bottom of the spectrum, and quota management is about to fall at the legislative level. As structural changes on the supply side deepen and the industry’s competitive patterns converge, we see that three generations of refrigerants are on the way.
The company continues to expand in reverse, and we look forward to more than 30% of the market in the three-generation refrigerant industry and will lead the cyclical reversion as industry leader. From the fluorine chemical and fluorinated materials industry, as the living standards of our people improve and the strategic and emerging industries develop rapidly, the fluorine industry is becoming more dynamic.
Chemical products are growing steadily in demand each year with their unique properties, applications and market space. In terms of the company’s own endogenous benefits, companies are increasing the development of advanced fluorinated chemical materials, high-end extension industries chains, multi-chemical industries have increased synergies, industry structures and product structures continue to optimize, and core competition continues.
Taking into account the apparent decline in the climate of the pvdf, burning alkaline and other industrial chains, and the fact that the coolant temperature is warming, the authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author