The U.S. market has a significant advantage, with a growth in storage and energy operations on 23 August 2024. Photovoltaic assembly balance and profit, with a significant post-track advantage.
A volume of 14.5gw, the company makes an integrated balance between the price and the volume of goods delivered, proactively reduces the volume of goods delivered, making profits the n-type process, with the lowest historical burden on the company ' s p-type old production capacity, reaching 30gw at the end of the reporting period, or about 62 per cent of the company ' s battery capacity, and a stock-p-type production impairment pressure.
Dom Young-kang Little has almost completed the p/n conversion of new and old capacity. The company insists on research and development of battery technology, which has now achieved an average output efficiency of 26.5% for topcon batteries; Hjt is tested flat.
With an average efficiency of 26.6 per cent and R & D efficiency of 26.7 per cent, Jubano has a clear advantage from the global channels, adding up to the U.S. output. 24h1, the company's output is in the top three rankings.
\triangleright markets are China, North America and Europe, where the scale of sales in the United States is growing rapidly, with the same volume of goods as the king.
Lee Xiaoping, business channels deliver equal + 8%. The company has established 5gwn assembly plants and 5gwn battery tablets in Meskit, Texas, and Indiana, respectively, in Jeffersonville, Texas, United States of America.
The National Component Plant was officially operational in 23 years and delivery of 210-sized products began in 24q1. The United States Power Pool Plant is working on the construction of the civil component and the design of the mechanical component, which is expected to be operational within 25 years.
The second-largest reserve is growing in volume. 24h1, the sales volume of the company's stored energy product was 2.6gwhh, before the start of large-scale delivery this year, with a large stock reserve and signed stock contract orders. The delivery of the bulk of the 24q1 Division's products was almost equal to the entire 23-year period, with 24q2 having a large product delivery ring ratio.
66gwh ' s storage system stock, including long-term service agreements (LSAs), signed contracts are evaluated on a quarterly basis: deep-cultivation of the United States market, with an amount of $2.6 billion in storage orders. For the entire 24-year period, it is expected that the volume (upgraded) of the company ' s large reserves will be reached.
Added U.S. photovoltaic energy layout with sufficient stock of storage energy orders - \triangleright 2023/11/01
The advantages are evident in the rapid growth of storage capacity operations and the maintenance of a “recommended” rating.Performance is over-expected, with a two-store future reporting period - 2023/08/ 4. Atts (688472.sh) depth: reshuffling the mountain river.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.