Atts (688472.sh) Large reserves with thin hair and continuous improvement in performance ring: On 7 August, the company announced that it had entered into an epc service contract for Australia.
The frv project in Victoria, Australia, provides 100 mw/200mwh storage product leaders and continues to cut 100 megawatt orders overseas.
Attez – The leading market in developed countries, such as Europe and Asia and the Pacific, has successfully delivered more than 5gwh storage solutions to the above-mentioned regional markets. In the first half of the year, company-owned storage companies e-storage and Australasia.
Market data: On 14 August 2024, Liafrv, Black Rock, aypapower, Nova Scotia, Canada, epic energy, South Australia, etc., entered into a 100-megawatt order contract and a storage capacity with root-power, etc.
Supply agreements and long-term service agreements, with more orders from overseas. On the product power side, according to Bnefergystoragetier 1list3q2024, published by Bloomberg New Energy, the Ates Reserve can rely on efficient and reliable storage of energy products, excellent global projects, strong market power and brand power, and male power.
Basic data: Large-scale deliveries began on March 31, 2024, and the second-largest growth curve grew steadily.
Large-scale delivery of projects and signed orders began this year, with the q1 q1 large stock delivery in 2024 largely matched with a reserve of approximately 56gwh on-the-shelf system orders, with a signed contract of $2.5 billion (including LSAs) in hand, and future performance supported.
In 2024, q1, the company ' s photovoltaic operations combined the price with the volume of the shipment, giving preference to profit and abandoning part of the loss.
Ordering, maintaining the company’s stability and financial health. In the more profitable North American market, companies make up more than 20% of the goods in the quarter.
Demand, both domestic and external, is less than expected: if downstream demand is weak, the sale of corporate products will be affected, thus \triangleright the risk of increased competition: if a worsening pattern of competition leads to price wars, it will have a negative impact on the performance of companies
\triangleright Trade policy risks: market demand, such as in Europe and America, has a greater impact on the demand for corporate products if trade policy \triangleright
Change, which may affect the performance of the company. Capability expands less than expected: the company ' s progress in building new capacity may affect the subsequent delivery if it lags behind
New technologies are not as advanced as expected: corporate products are strong, but if new technologies are imported less than expected, \triangleright may affect the competitiveness of the company ' s products.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, nor would it be recommended in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.