On August 27, 2019, the company published its semi-annual report, which achieved operating income of $11,285 million, a year-on-year increase.
80.35 per cent; net return of 431 million yuan, an increase of 331.68 per cent over the previous year; balanced delivery, with a significant increase in performance
The profit of $431 million, an increase of 331.68% from the previous year, resulted from a significant increase in corporate product balance delivery and sales. In the first half of the year, the cost of the company ' s period was 3.25%, a decrease of 1.26 pct from the same year, in which inputs grew by 47.45% from the same year. The company ' s Māori rate was 8.54%, a slight increase over the same period last year.
Continued promotion of balanced delivery and increased product sales, with accumulated net profits expected in the third quarter compared to the same period in the previous year
On January 12, 2018, the company officially changed its name to “Shenführer”, which marked the successful introduction of the Shen Fei Group as a whole into the public market and became the only platform for listing a striker. Core products include heavy-duty aircraft-11, ship-borne aircraft-15, heavy-duty bombers-16, and four-generation aircraft fc-31.
The fc-31 model, which experts assume has been replaced by a new engine, will help it perform as a ship-borne aircraft. In addition to the ship-to-ship expectations, we believe that the future foreign trade potential of fc-31 is equally to be expected.
According to the \triangleright World Air Force, only 36 per cent of the three generations of SLA fighters are employed, well below 75 per cent of the United States army.
According to the latest White Paper on China’s National Defense of the New Age, our share of the cost of equipment has risen to 41% of the cost of the National Defence Force, and will in the future accelerate the pace of the phase-out of old and old equipment and the process of loading new major battle equipment. Three or four generations of aircraft will benefit from the need to change, and Shen Fei’s performance is expected to increase rapidly. Moreover, subject to cost-added systems, total military equipment will be added to the system.
(010) 85127528 Shen Fei, as the owner of the striker, may continue to increase profit rates in the future.
To promote balanced production, Shen Fei's performance is stable, and the company is the only platform for domestic strikers to be marketed, benefiting from the gradual build-up of future military aircraft, and we value the heads of companies, 42x and 36x, with a “recommended” rating compared to the company's 19-year p69x.
Military aircraft are installed at a slower rate than expected; government support is lower than expected; company financial statement data projections are aggregated; authors have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used to ensure reporting are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,