The four main logics of flying, the one in mid-flight and the other in mid-flight, have always been the dominant military-industrial species that we strongly recommend. The four core logics are as follows: 1, 1.
100% equity, resulting in a change in the main battalion’s operations to be used for strikers and combat fighters; 2 Follow-up price differentials for tentative products; 3 Production and manufacture of new equipment such as manned/unmanned aircraft.
Models are being developed; 4; price increases for new products following the reform of military pricing. We believe that the next 5 models, including three- and 11- and three-and-a-half-generation Shen Fly, are expected to grow faster in the coming year.
The case reflects, to a certain extent, the company’s optimism about the business situation in the coming years. 2, 11d batches and 16% drops.
The main replacements are Su-27, Dao-11a, and Dao-11b, with a projected replacement space of approximately 360. The Dao-16 can be mounted on all types of missiles in active service in the country, replacing about 100 Su-30 and over 200 bombing-7 and hopefully becoming an electronic warfare aircraft platform.
In June of this year, the new fc-31 model for Shen Flying was bright, and the new model changes were mainly concentrated in the tail engine chamber, and we assumed that the new Fc-31 was a smoother development for the future of fc31 as a carrier 003.
The fc-31 position is the same as the f-35 position, if the foreign trade and shipping route of f-35 F-31 has reached a total of more than 3,200 orders and plans to deploy 200 in Asia and the Pacific. The critical situation makes fc-31 even more urgent.
4. The mainframe is expected to be replenished. Over five years, the military pays at a “tentative price” because the new configuration is too expensive to confirm. Five years later, the model is largely mature and the “tentative price” will be converted to a “final price”, which will generate a large-scale premium revenue.
The next normal delivery will guarantee a reasonable level of profits for the country, and the “no gain” problem that the market has been questioning will be solved.5 The Chinese Shenzhen performance trap is now in place. The company is reporting an increase of 331% over the previous six months, with heavy growth over the next few years.
Further optimization could be of great use, with three or more models expected to show up, especially drone products, which could be about 1.6 times the 2019 revenue ps value, given the exclusive nature of the company's current defense platform, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Company reports Shen Fei China (600,760): Take good care of the four logics of Shen Fei China is the source of financial prosperity in the East.
1. The future high profile of the military industry confirms that the company ' s core military assets are expected to rise in future prices, and from that point of view, the company ' s future build-up of equipment is at the point of 16 and 31.
Fighter, we predict that 80 to 90 to 31 of our future bi-cargo battle fleets, excluding foreign trade, would be needed if the ship were to board the ship. In terms of prices, we believe that 2018 has officially entered the phase of market-based reform of the military-industrial system and the low-lying phase of deep civil-military integration, and that the reformed military-industrial products would streamline the price-forming mechanism and cost-assembly system, promote greater cost management by enterprises and eliminate some of them.
Financial restrictions, release of profit space. 2. Delivery or entry into the stage of the formalization of bid execution for the drying 15 and 16, usually higher than the provisional price, with subsequent price differential compensation expected to accelerate the release of performance
Military production is different from civilian production, usually prior to the production phase, where the company enters into a price settlement with the customer for the supply contract at a provisional price, and when the product is fully fixed and the military has finalized the price, the price is settled at an audited price. Therefore, when the provisional price differs from the audited price, the parties to the contract are required to pay the difference on the basis of the principle of more or less reimbursement.
According to the progress of production of the company’s latest mainframe model: for the first time in December 2013, it was reported by the media, such as Xinhuanet, that the aircraft was formally installed in a styrofolio and that the 16-th was reported to have been deployed in November 2016 in an official batch at the Gansu Fountain New Air Force Base.
At present, both types of machines are likely to move gradually after delivery to the stage of formal price implementation, where prices are usually higher than the provisional price, and are expected to enter the difference compensation period for the next 2-3 years or the two types of machines, while implementing higher audited prices themselves, which are also equivalent to product price increases, and the company ' s future performance is expected to accelerate release.
On May 13, 2018, in a video released by the Uttar Pradesh University, it was mentioned that “with the launch of fc-31, China's carrier fighters will gain a qualitative increase in their capacity.” We judge that the launch of 31 has now been advanced by the formal establishment of the project.
4. In the future, the company will also benefit fully from the reform of the military pricing mechanism, which is flexible in performance.
Given the 5-10% net interest rate level of foreign military-industrial enterprises, the company’s net profit level is expected to release one-fold of its performance elasticity in the long run, with no change in income.
The East's source of wealth and wisdom, Shen Fei Central (600,760): Take care of the four logics of Shen Fei China's delivery is not as good as it could have been expected.
Eastern source of wealth and wisdom, Chinese Shen Fei (600,760): Take a good look at the four logics of Chinese Shen Fei.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
China Air Shen Fei (600,760): Take good care of the four logics of China ' s Sheng Fei, Zhang Cheuki's own research opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.