China Air Shen Fei, a leading domestic fighter business, in 2017, through a major asset restructuring, the company released its original assets and liabilities, and
The new model is much more adapted than the original version, with new sub-loading and a more defined aircraft type: Company I has a 100 per cent stake in Shen Fei Group. Shen Fei Group is mainly engaged in quarterly reporting of data highlights, and the effectiveness of the balanced production and military goods pricing reform has been initially demonstrated.
Aerial product manufacturing operations, the owner of the listed company after restructuring, the core products are Airline 1, fc-31, the new model show of Paris, and the engine reloading and shipboarding are more certain.
The fc-31 model is undoubtedly the focus of attention and has changed considerably since then. The changes in the fc-31 new model have sent many signals from the technical level: (1) the fc-31 flight, jointly developed with Pakistan and Pakistan, was accompanied by the Jf-17 Dragon warplane.
Highlighting, this time, a positive publicity and powerful advertising campaign for fc-31, re-testing the fc-31 foreign trade machine positioning, and highlighting the importance of fc-31 in the foreign trade machine series. (2) The changes in the new fc-31 model are mainly focused on the increased visibility of the tail engine chamber and the high size of the cabin
One of the main constraints to the development of fc-31 and anti-20 was the lack of a suitable engine to meet the needs of the two five-generation aircraft. On this flight, the development of the new fc-31 was relatively smooth, with tests in the near future and a pilot flight in the near future.
The possibility. And the advent of the new approach, in addition to a significant increase in fc-31’s combined energy, and an increase in their competitiveness in foreign trade, can greatly increase the gas and leverage that competes with f-35 for the world’s medium-generation five-generation aircraft market.
The aircraft’s technical requirements. The carrier is approaching the ship because of the high altitude at the near start point, the drop rate, and the pilot’s visual contact with the carrier must be based on a good forward-looking look. This new model is also presaged that fc-31 has targeted five generations of aircraft for proactive change.
It's the same position, it's all along the foreign trade plus the technology line, and the former and the other two form a high and low match.
By the end of 2018, the total number of F-35 global orders had exceeded 3,200 and was the most important banknote printing machine for the company. If Fc-31's foreign trade and shipping path were smooth, it was expected that the target F-35 would become the country's most important medium-sized aircraft and the company's largest 2nd and 1st quarter, with a high annual growth potential.
Shen Fei China's performance in the previous reporting season was impressive, with a revenue of $5,085 million, an increase of $191.27 per cent over the previous year, and a net return to the mother of $198 million, which was reversed over the same period last year. The profits reported in the previous year were close to $200 million, while the Māori rate and net interest rates all increased, giving ample evidence of a significant improvement in the profitability of the company, mainly as a result of good corporate performance in balanced production and a significant increase in sales on a par.
In the second half of the year, the company ' s prepaid account ratio increased by 25.31 per cent, with a combination of the book value of the inventory in the annual report, the book value of raw materials, etc., leading indicators that could prejudge the production delivery of the company ' s products.
With the reform of the military price-pricing mechanism and the breaking of the 5% profit ceiling, military-industrial companies have been able to fundamentally improve the profitability of the main aircraft plant. The change of military aircraft has failed to meet expectations, and military-pricing reforms have not been implemented as expected.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
Master ' s degree from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, four years of experience in securities practice, formerly in China and China, Great Wall securities, and joined the East Hing Securities Corps in 2017.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and advice it contains. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies