Air Force equipment upgrade, high- and low-level mix promising event: company ' s semi-annual report for 2019, company camp for January-June 2019
There are significant gaps in air force strength and equipment upgrades. According to statistics from Worldairforce 2018, the country currently has 3,036 military aircraft of all types, less than a third in the United States, of which 1527 are fighters, ranked third in the world, but with two-generation aircraft.
In May 2015, the White Paper on National Defence, China's Military Strategy, published by the State Council's Information Office, stated: “The Air Force, in accordance with the strategic requirements of air-space integration and defence and preparedness, has shifted its national air defence to a defensive and ready-made model.
The system of air defence forces required for information-based operations, increasing strategic early warning, air strikes, air defence, information confrontation, airborne warfare, strategic delivery and integrated security capabilities.” The quantitative and qualitative gaps in our air force make the accelerated upgrading of equipment a necessary trend.
Total stock/flow (billion shares) is ready for launch with a high- and low-level mix.
The first successful flights on 11 January 2011 and 31 October 2012 marked the second country in the world to test two four-generation prototypes at the same time after the United States. Dynamite-20 and Dynamite-31 constitute a high-low mix that is expected to develop a new generation of aircraft and exports that will replace Dazun-15 in the future.
The 2019 Investment Strategy - Exhaustion of Floats - will be the backbone of our air force.
A single double-haired invisible fighter, also a multi-purpose combat machine developed to respond to international market demands, with high value for money and excellent combinations. Podium-31 is designed to achieve a high degree of invisibility at a low cost and to equip aircraft with a strong weapon in a wide range of combat radiuss.
Possession capability. Dynamite-31 provides a cheaper option for invisible aircraft, which is more attractive to developing countries that do not have enough military spending, and the future market is very promising.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.