Newtimes newtimesecritities have a record high in power generation, and investment returns have increased.
— The Yangtze Power Company, which reports on a profitable hydroelectric dragon, issued a semi-annual report in 2019 and collected $20,363 million (+6.00 per cent of the year).
With a profit of $8,572 million (+0.59 per cent) and a non-net profit of $7,808 million (+-0.11 per cent). The public sector is the largest electricity company in the country and the largest hydropower company in the world.
During the first half of the year, the company produced 85,389 million kilowatts of electricity, accounting for 16.62% of the country’s hydroelectric capacity, and reached an all-time high. Moreover, in the face of a slowdown in electricity demand, the company was market-oriented and successfully completed its current elimination.
And companies are value-oriented and sound in their outward investment and equity management. Investment and corporate development have a strategic synergy value, reinforcing equity ties with the upper-middle hydropower industry in the Yangtze River. Using the company’s billions of yuan, accumulated the original investment balance of $31,014 million, yielding an investment return of $1,906 million to sustain growth.
• Utunde, White Crane Beach power production preparations are steadily advancing the construction of Utund and White Crane Beach hydroelectric plants in the Tri-Federation Group, and companies are deeply implementing the concept of “building tubes combined and seamlessly connected” and have selected more than 300 technical cadres to be located at Utund and White Crane Beach sites.
In July 2020, the Utungde power plant was planned to run water storage, which will be completed in 2023.
The “Six-Bubour” will come into play after a full-time job with a high rate of return on investment, and the “Step Basin Joint Movement” will further enhance the utility of the Ball Hydrollows Enterprise 2018-12-03.
In addition, Yangtze Power actively explores mechanisms for information-sharing on water and movement control in the upper and upper basins of the Yangtze River. In the long run, joint optimization of movement control in the upper Yangtze River will further increase the total power generated by the company’s power plant.