In the first half of the year, the company began to see a small increase in the amount of electricity generated by the water surplus, which led to an increase in the amount of electricity generated by the water surplus in the basin.
In the first half of 2019, a total of 85,389 million kWh of electricity was produced, an increase of 5.01 per cent over the same period. In the area of water coming from the watersheds, the water coming from the three gorges was approximately 15,8735 million cubic metres, which is 6.61 per cent more than in the same period last year. This resulted in a total of 40,825 million electricity being generated from the three gorges and the Gojia dam, respectively.
Kilowatt hours and 8,746 million kWh, an increase of 4.91 per cent and 3.04 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in the previous year; in the first six months of the year, the water level in the reservoir was 41,754 million cubic metres, the same ratio being 1.68 per cent, with a total stock/flow (million shares) of ladder electricity.
The total market value/flow (millions of yuan) of the station and dam power stations, respectively, increased by 6.58 per cent and 3.96 per cent, respectively, from 22,809 million kWh to 13.09 million kWh.
In the first half of the year, the bond market as a whole was declared by half of the companies, the power plate.
Keeping the low tremors, the company precisely grasping the window, issuing six issues totalling $15 billion, three issues totalling $10 billion over the same period of the year, with the total number and size of the new bonds at an all-time high during the same period, and the combined cost of the new bonds at 3.41 per cent, a sharp decrease of about 90 bp over the same period last year, leading to the first half of the year.
The dollar has fallen slightly, but it still guarantees relative stability in the company’s return on investment. Moreover, the company’s increase of about $2 billion a day has significantly increased its ability to operate, reduced the risk of debt servicing, and raised the confidence of creditors in the company.
Overall, the company’s capital was working well in the first half of the year. With the next two years of commissioning of the White Crane Beach and Utunde power plants, power generation will rise dramatically.
The company, as the world's largest water and electricity company, had thousands of kilowatts and 10.2 million kilowatts as of 30 June 2019, accounting for 57.6 per cent of the total installed capacity, of which the White Crane Beach power station was expected to generate its first plant in July 2021, with all construction completed in December 2022.
In view of the fact that the Utonde power station is expected to generate its first generation of units in July 2020, the river basin has increased in water overflows, and the new power station will be ready for full construction in December 2021, which is expected to generate 3.89 million kilowatts per year.
During the first half of the year, the company benefited from water overflowing from the basin, with a small increase in electricity generation. As the fleets of the White Crane Beach and Utunde power stations are put into operation, we expect that the company will generate a significant amount of electricity, one of which is less than expected in the region; two, that the entire community will use electricity less rapidly than expected; and three, that power.
Water in the river has led to an increase in harvests, waiting for the new power station to come into operation.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.