Selectable car and car parts. Three-quarterly assessment of Starwood shares: a roll-over, over-expected arrival, 23.84 per cent more than the year, $439 million net profit to the mother, 35.76 per cent more than the year.
The growth of the harvest has accelerated, and the growth of the performance point has arrived. 18q3 has generated $1,274 million, an increase of 26.64 per cent over the previous year. The company has performed well and meets our expectations. Compared to the first half of the year (+22.43 per cent), the growth in the three quarters has accelerated, and we believe that its main objective is to:
The following are: 1) the company's companions are new to the public, its scouts are produced, and the two car models are growing faster than the monthly sales rings; 2) the company's companions are constantly on the Audia 3, q5l, and 3) the company's companions are solar-style models, such as the Wide Fashion, the Wide Fashion, and the Toyota Air, in a vulnerable context.
The company will certainly benefit from the excellent performance of total equity/flow (million shares).
The main reasons for this are: 1) the expected relative decline in the share of company-backed led taillights (the highest relative Māori rate) has led to changes in the overall product structure of the company; 2) the led lamps are reported in Stars (601799) in the early stages of production
More needs to be done, and Māori rates are not high, thus delaying the overall Māori rate. But we anticipate that when performance turns up, the future looks like, with the yield of the Led light going up, the Māori rate is expected to increase steadily, and it is expected to go beyond the previous period.
Sea - 2018/08/20 Combined Māori rates, when companies will be more profitable than harvestable.
The company returns $139 million in net profit and fast growth in the third quarter - 2018/05/01
More than market expectations, mainly because the company has better three cost controls. 18q3, company sales/managerships. We think that Star is at the beginning of a new high-growth cycle, and the core logic is that 1) is limited to the company's earlier narrow client base, and the company has a relatively small company-backed blast car, but...
It also means that individual car-type packages can provide very large performance elasticities for companies; 2) Led lamps are expensive and have a relatively high Māori rate, so they have very high performance elasticities, and we expect that individual car-type LEDs (assuming sales of more than 100,000 a year) can be given
During the year, the company's led lights were replaced, Maiten, and Gillitho will be listed; 3) Starwoo has entered the mainstream joint venture brand and the supply system of some luxury brands (part of which are global supplies), which is at the beginning of the massive billing process, with unlimited potential for the future.
We maintain the "buy-in" rating. We expect the company's net return profit from 2018 to 2020 to be the Institute's first north south of Beijing City.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.