I'm looking forward to a review of the stock exchange, and I'm looking forward to a review of the stock exchange.
The company issued a three-quarter performance announcement, in which it realized operating income of 3,724 million yuan, an increase of 23.84 per cent over the previous three quarters; realized net profit of 439 million yuan, an increase of 35.76 per cent over the previous three quarters for shareholders belonging to listed companies; and generated an increase of 35.76 per cent over the previous three-quarter period.
One of the main reasons for the high growth in performance, which is 43.85 per cent over the same period, is, in our view, the higher growth in the volume of sales, including sales, by downstream customers, and the higher volume of company-backed business: on the other hand, the optimal structure of the company ' s products, the higher proportion of front and tail lamps, the higher price of the light, the higher price of the light, and the gradual increase in the overall unit price of the product.
Led lamps, about $800 to $1,000 per lamp, are about two times the price of halogen lamps, and their penetration will increase significantly with the use of the led front lamps in low-end vehicles of around $100,000 to $150,000. A mass of t-rocs and new treasures in the second half of 2018 will contribute to the growth of the company ' s led package, which in 2019 was dominated by fasting, low-medium-matching, and the new tycoon.
The company’s 34 new projects in the first half of 2018, of which there are only 4-5 small light projects, have \triangleright.
Compared to the previous two years, the project’s structure is improving, with high-morigin front and taillights. Meanwhile, the Fuosan II Engineering and Starbucks Intelligent Industrial Park projects are under way, and are expected to be operational in 2019q2 and q4.
\triangleright Yang Jogi, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, good at understanding the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, on a weekly basis.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have sought to report on the objective and impartial nature of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are for information purposes only.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies