The main business is going up backwards. Starwood shares (601799.sh) lead light continues to be released.
On October 26, 2018, the company disclosed three quarterly reports. The company realized revenues of 3,724 million yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 23.84 per cent in the same year, and net profit returns of 439 million yuan, an increase of 35.76 per cent in the same year, an increase of 43.85 per cent in the same year.
LEE Ze-chung 2. Our analysis and judgment: (i) a new car cycle, major business growth
The country’s q3 automobile industry as a whole has fallen by 9.2% on a year-on-year basis, yet the company’s q3 main business income has remained at a rate of 26.64%. The company’s main downstream client, a crowd, has reached a peak in the third quarter of the year.
Meanwhile, the second half of 19 will be a period in which the number of primary vehicles, such as song scouts, treasurers and others, will continue to grow, with the sale of 9494 in September still below expectations, and the release of the new suv excursion at the end of October, when the sales of the Led lights will continue to run.
(ii) Three fees are well regulated and the statements are of high quality. In the previous three quarters, the company ' s Māori ratio was the same as -2.86 per cent, which we believe was the result of an increase in the short-term cost of raw materials.
This is 4.4% lower, reflecting the company’s excellent cost management capacity. In the three-quarterly report company statements, the sales of goods and services received +45% of the cash and advance payments + 200% of the money, up to 9 million; (iii) technology penetration reduced costs, and output release contributed to scale growth.
The advantage of the led lamp over the thorium lamp is obvious, and replacing the thorium lamp is a necessary trend. The use of the led lamp on a car type, such as a lookout, in the third quarter means that the led lamp has successfully infiltrated to 1.5-250 million models, and the penetration rate will continue to grow in the future, and the benefits of its scale will decrease the cost to Māori.
In addition, in the second half of the year, 138 new vehicle lights will be implemented, and the company will continue to be visible in the fourth quarter of the peak of the order release. The company will also focus on luxury brands such as BMW, Mercedes, and the release of production in areas like Foshan in 19 years q2 and q4
The company will continue to expand its market size, and as the absolute leader of the domestic listed company in the autolight industry, the company's performance is expected to be stable throughout the year.