Business performance is robust, new energy continues to grow rapidly, electricity generation, electricity prices are on the same scale and business performance is steadily increasing. In 2022, companies achieved a business income of 712.86 plus and a similar increase in the size of new energy installations, resulting in an increase in the volume of electricity generated, together with an increase in the same price of electricity.
The construction of nuclear power is proceeding in an orderly manner, and the long-term development of nuclear power is well under way. State policy is to promote the active safety of nuclear power, the orderly development of nuclear power projects, the steady advancement of nuclear power projects, and the company is constantly working on site protection and the opening of new sites.
As of March 2023, the company's holdings were 10.13gw, and the control units approved 2.42gw.
The company continues to push for a significant increase in new energy loadings, and as of March 2023, the company’s new energy holdings, including 13.06gw, were operating in capacity.
Wind 4.26gw, photovolt, 8.80gw, and holding an independent storage power station of 0.21gw; Holdings are opening up the market for new energy projects overseas and actively promoting the landing of new energy projects abroad.
China Nuclear Power (601985.sh) - Quantities have led to improved performance, new energy sources have been maintained Agile Industries have accelerated to foster new dynamics for future performance growth. In 2023, the company will accelerate the Agility China Nuclear Power (601985.sh) - Quantities are driving performance growth, with net interest rates rising.
Incubation of new fast-track projects to accelerate the process of industrialization of solar cells in the mining industry, and ongoing analysis of the storage and hydrogen energy industry markets and technology tracking to foster new performance growth points for companies. China Nuclear Power (601985.sh) - Three Elements has increased performance and nuclear power approvals have increased significantly.
China Nuclear Power (601985.sh) — Quarterly performance precipitously increased, laying the ground for a good year — China Nuclear Power (601985.sh) — multiple upgrades have been made to open doors, January-February net power generation levels and electricity prices have risen, and business performance has increased steadily. In 2022, companies achieved operating revenues of $71,286 million.
(+12.74%) The growth in corporate performance is mainly due to an increase in electricity generation, combined with an increase in average electricity prices, as a result of an increase in the number of nuclear power units and the size of new energy units on a one-year basis. The increase in power generation, on a one-year basis, drives a sustained positive performance. 2023q1, the company achieved business income of $17,893 million.
(+4.64 per cent), net profit attributable to the mother (+4.79), net profit not attributable to the mother (+4.79), $3.018 billion (+4.62 per cent), and growth in the company ' s performance was mainly due to a rise in the company ' s electricity generation on a year-on-year basis, a small increase in nuclear power generation and a significant increase in the production of new wind and wind energy. In 2022, the company generated 199287 million electricity.
Of these, 45,584 million kWh (+1.68 per cent) of nuclear power generation and 42,228 million kWh (+1.04 per cent) of electricity on the Internet; an increase of 1.44 pct, mainly due to the increase in the volume of electricity on the Internet and the corresponding increase in market-based electricity prices. In terms of cost rates, the public administration and finance rates were 6.48 per cent and 11.43 per cent, respectively, representing an increase of 135 per cent and 0.41 pct, respectively.
The larger increase in the management cost rate is due mainly to the increased administrative costs associated with the increase in the size of the new nuclear power unit and the new energy loader, as well as to the further expansion of the company ' s development of the new plant site for the nuclear power project to include the increase in the cost of the pre-project development; and to the fact that the increase in financial costs is mainly due to exchange rate fluctuations and exchange rate losses.
Net interest rates have improved by 22.90 per cent for Māori, 49.85 per cent for the same year and 1.61 per cent for the same year, as a result of lower prices for the company as a whole on the Internet. In terms of cost, the rates have been 3.54 per cent for corporate management and 10.48 per cent for financial services, respectively, an increase of 0.57, and 0.57 per cent for the same year.
Net cash flows of 46,698 million yuan, an increase of 31.14 per cent over the same period, mainly due to increased power generation, increased sales and increased receipt of electricity; increased inputs from the company ' s nuclear power plant and self-constructed new energy plant infrastructure, resulting in a net outflow of investment cash of $5,308 million, a significant increase over the same period; net cash flows from financing of 9,436 million yuan, an increase of 180.33 per cent over the same period
National policies promote the active and safe distribution of nuclear power, the approval of nuclear power projects is steadily advancing, and companies continue to work on site protection and the development of new sites, accelerating their push.
In March 2023, the company's nuclear power control unit was operating on 25 units with a capacity of 23.75gw; the holding unit was working on 9 units with a capacity of 10.13gw; and the holding unit approved 2 units with a capacity of 2.42gw.
The project is expected to be phased in in the future, and the company ' s nuclear power operation is expected to remain robust and to guarantee a sustained increase in the company ' s new energy loadings and boost its performance. The company continues to push for a significant increase in new energy loadings, and as of March 2023, the company ' s new energy holdings were operating with capacity of 13.06gw, including wind power 4.26gw, light.
Vol. 8.80gw, another independent storage power station, 0.21gw; holding a installed capacity of 7.64gw, including wind power 1.56gw, photovoltaic 6.08gw. At the same time, the company will accelerate the opening of overseas markets and actively promote the landing of new energy projects abroad.
Agile industries accelerate their progress and nurture new dynamics for future performance growth. In the case of agile new industries, companies push for the autonomous R & D and industrialization of new energy technologies, innovations create an overall management system for agile new industries, identify investment platforms for the development of agile new industries, implement practices for agile new industry projects, and focus on priority projects.
In 2023, the company will accelerate the hatching of new agile projects, accelerate the process of industrialization of solar cells, sustain market and technology tracking analysis in the storage and hydrogen energy industries, and foster new performance growth points for companies.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject