I don't know, wuxiapptec(603259ch) peptidebusinessbecominganewgrovethriver buy (maintain)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do this, but I don't know what I'm going to do, but I don't know what I'm going to do, but I'm not going to do it.
I mean, when you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it, you're in the middle of it.
jiiiwu, cfa (gpm)improvedby 3.6 pptto 42.3% whillenon-ifrsnetprofitmargincreasedby 3.7 pptto 27.6%, drivenbyfaviablecurrencyexchangersandcontually
Improvedoperatingefficiency.asofep2023, overallbackbackboardedby 25% yoy,ifexpludingcompelcovic-19projects,permanagement.consisingtheweakbenchenhuang, cfa
From 5 to 7 per cent to 2-3 per cent, whichnowimpliesnon-covid non-ifrsgrosprofitargargetby 0.5 per cent to 41.7 to 42.1 per cent
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
h-shares(~05.2% operationalsharecapital) with avalueofhk$1.3bn. Source: factset projects, 9m23revenueofwuxiapptecwouldgrodby 23.4% yoy, pririly
I'm sorry, sir, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
In the company'slong-termgrovethoutook. The management indexed wuxi apptec'srevenuetogrorowmorethan 20% yoyinnextfeewyears.
I don't know what you're talking about.
12-mthpriceperformance the company.in9m23, tidesrevenuegrewby 38.1% yoy, ontopof33.7% yoy growthin 2022.more pertinently, batgoftidesofsop2023dramatially
Incorporatedby245%oy, leavetothemanagementguidanceofover 60%youy acmodateotherapidlygrowingdemandopeptidedrugs, wuxiapptecaimed toincreasesetssolidphalesynthesizercapabilityformideproductionto 32,000l
Bytheendof2023, oneyearaheadofitsoriginalschedule.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
24e/25e, freely.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlydirectordirected, relaidtothspefifectviewsextatanallypressed by report. besides, theanalystconfirstrhatneothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedthecodeofconduced by thehonkongsecurities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
It's not like I've been working on it, coveredinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycmbigm outperform mark-perform
"underperform cm internationalglobalmalketslimited cm internationalglobalmalmätslimited" ("cmbigm") iawholnyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Thevalueof, andreturnsfrom, nyinvesssale uncenterandantegueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultooftheirdepandenceonthe performanceofforceofforceofforceofforceofunderingassessoleverablemarketactors. andbigmcommendsthataverssssouldentlyvalulatepartualintureinvestments.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The publicsreflection, point-of-viewanalytical methodswhencompiliation.
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something like this, but we're going to be in the middle of something like this.
I don't know, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about, either.
Thealysisnotsubject toapplicableresductionsunderfundinrules indicatedtoentaintyattheanalystisnotaffetedbypotentiaconfactorsointerestthatcourdbackofothereliabilityofothersreport.thisreportis infedfordedforstoritionsstately "majorusitutionalinvestors", asdefininedinrule15a-6undertheus, secritiesexchhangeactof
1934, asamended, andmaynotbefursenttoanyotherpersons.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something like this, but I'm going to be in the middle of something like this.
I don't know, singarecipients should contact & bisgat+65635004400formattersarisingfrom, orinconventionwithotherport.