A steady growth in performance and growth of the new molecular business
On the basis of the crdmo/ctdmo business model, five major plates maintain a robust growth dynamic: the company ' s five major plates have a significant inter-flux effect, with clients using multi-sector services contributing $27,277 billion in revenue in the first three quarters of 2023, with a 28 per cent increase in the same year after the elimination of the new crown project, accounting for 92 per cent of the company ' s income.
In the first three quarters of the year, the chemical business section achieved revenue of $21.24 billion, an increase of 2.0 per cent over the same period, eliminated the new crown commercialization project, with a strong 31 per cent increase in income over the same period. Of this, 1) the small molecular drug discovery (r) achieved revenue of $5.61 billion, an increase of 4.08 per cent over the same period; 2) the process research and development and production (d&m) generated income of $15.63 billion.
Dollars, 1.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, excluding the new crown commercialization project, with a strong growth of 48.2 per cent in d&m income; and 3) tides operating income of $2.07 billion, a strong increase of 38.1 per cent on a year-on-year increase in tides revenue, which is expected to be put into use in December 2023, with a more solid synthesical reaction from 20,000l as originally planned
2) wuxitesting: Laboratory analysis and testing is growing steadily, and clinical operations are gradually recovering. In the first three quarters of 2023, wuxitesting achieved income of $4.85 billion, a 16.2 per cent increase.
1) Laboratory analysis and testing revenue of RMB 3.54 billion, an increase of 16.3 per cent over the same period, including 26.9 per cent for drug safety assessment and strengthening corporate security leadership; 2) Clinical coro and smo income of RMB 1.320 million, an increase of 15.9 per cent over the same period, of which Smo income increased by 31.0 per cent over the same year, maintaining China.
3) wuxibiology: New molecular class-related business-driven growth. In the first three quarters of 2023, wuxibiology was 35% long, up to 25.9% continuously, and in the third quarter it became a high-throughput automated protein production line in Suzhou Park, and introduced a completely new service delvision (protein-del library), connecting small molecule chemistry.
Space and protein groups, through the continuous accumulation of high-quality experimental information, empower clients to more efficiently deconstruct protein-small molecule interactions. As an important “flow entrance” to the company’s downstream business, they contributed more than 20% of new customers to the company on a continuous basis in the first three quarters of 2023.
4) wuxiatu:ctdmo business models drive growth. In the third quarter of 2023, wuxiatu was the company's "Galactic Medicine" approximation of Myung Conde (603259); performance was in line with current revenues of $1.03 billion, an 11.6% increase in the company's continuous strengthening of cellular and gene therapy ctdmo clothing.
It is expected that the operational panels will build robust growth platforms to provide process development, testing and production services for a total of 68 projects, including 7 per-bed iii projects (of which 2 are in the process of clearance of listing applications and 2 projects are in the process of listing applications)
9 clinical ii projects, and 52 pre-clinic and clinical i projects. Companies expect robust annual income growth and cash flows are expected to continue to flourish: in the fourth quarter of 2023, the company ' s revenues will come entirely from non-specific commercialized production projects, and non-specific commercialization is expected in the first quarter of the year
For the first time, revenues from production projects will exceed the RMB 10 billion by cutting out specific commercial production projects, company investment proposal No.: Companies continuously optimize and exploit business synergies across platforms and accelerate the pace of globalization, continuously strengthen the company ' s unique and integrated crdmo+ctdmo business model, and expand our services,
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and has clearly and accurately reflected its research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.