The pharmaceutical team is integrated to make the client more sticky, and the new production is about to be released.
1. Pharmacy Condt Review: A steady upturn in cash flows and a gradual recovery in the crdmo industry, with the integration model significantly increasing customer stickyness. (1) Formerly 2023.8.1
In the third quarter, more than 900 new clients were added to the company, while some 300 new customers were added in the q3 quarter, and only 2. "Pharming Condt: Performance continues to grow and Human Effectiveness is steadily rising. "
3. Pharmacy Mind: Re-innovation of performance growth, 2023 robust cxo industry landscape gradually recovering from the valley and beginning to activate more downstream customers for growth, 2023.3.21
Drug research and development. (2) The company's “long tail” strategy continues to increase the penetration rate of large drug companies, with the top three and $4.68 billion, showing a quarterly upward trend. Other biotech agents from around the world explain the acceleration of revenue growth for the pre-mnc M&A dynamic, but with client visits.
With the recovery of the questionnaire, the future biotech drug company will contribute a larger share of the revenue. (3) q1-3 seasons of revenue from its original clients amount to $888.8, 97.7 and $9.94 billion, respectively, and we believe that the corporate-to-end integrated crdmo business model has been successful.
Overseas demand has taken the lead in the recovery, and 32,000 litres of production capacity are about to be released. (1) Intercept to 3q23, companies from the United States, Europe, China, and elsewhere earn about 194,
In the first three quarters of the year, 491 million dollars were collected in the country ' s new drug research and development services, a decline of 26.9 per cent over the same period. (2) In the first three quarters, the chemical business generated $21.2 billion, resulting in a 31 per cent increase in revenues from the elimination of specific commercial production items, of which the Tides business (mainly oligolic acid and multipolymeric acid)
Continuous release, with business income of $2.07 billion (+38.1 per cent) in the first three quarters, will increase the volume of the solid phase synthesical reaction to 32000l ( originally planned 20000l).
The risk of falling demand, the risk of policy change, the risk of increased competition in the industry, the risk of overseas regulation, the risk of loss of core skilled personnel, exchange rate risk, etc. Chemical operations (wuxichemistry): the integrated crdmo business model is driven by sustained growth.
Tides’ new capacity is about to be released, with revenue of $21.24 billion achieved in the first three quarters, excluding 22.4% and 31.0% growth in selected commercial production projects, respectively. The previous three quarters saw an adjustment of $9.72 billion (+13.3%) and an adjustment of the non-ifrs Māori rate.
"Following the Molecular + Winner" is driven by the constant expansion of the Molecular Pipeline. The drug discovery ("r, research") business has successfully synthesized and delivered more than 420,000 new compounds to clients over the past 12 months, an increase of 11% over the same period, laying the foundation for the company's "follow the Client" and "follow the Molecular" strategies.
In the first three quarters, $15.63 billion was collected, excluding specific commercial production items, which increased by 48.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company accumulated 926 new molecules, with the total number of d&m molecular tubes currently in the 11th phase of a clinical project, and 2,579 pre-clinical and clinical phase 1 projects.
Tides operations (mainly nucleotide and polythium) continue to be released, and the expansion capacity is about to be released. In the first three quarters of 2023, at the end of the month, Tides operations increased by 245 per cent from hand orders to service 127 clients (+31 per cent).
The number of molecules reached 230 (+48%). The company’s new capacity is expected to be operational by December 2023, with multiple pyroclastic co-opts, and the volume of the reaction chamber will increase from 20,000 to 3200l, as originally planned.
Drug safety evaluation and smo operations remain in the lead. Performance shows that the 3q23 of the wuxitesting business block achieved revenues of 1.76 billion yuan (+12.2%) and the previous three quarters of $4.85 billion (+16.2%); the first three quarters of the first three months of the laboratory analysis and testing operations received revenues of 3.54 billion yuan (+16.3%) of which drug safety was the subject of a breakdown of operations.
Sex evaluation income increased by 26.9% over the same period, maintaining the industry leader of the Asia-Pacific Safety Review, while new projects targeting the global market were launched in Guangdong and Suzhou. Clinical & Smo operations generated $470 million (+12%) in 3q23, compared to $1.32 billion (+15.9%) in the previous three quarters, of which Smo operations earned 3q23, an increase of 25.8% in the previous three quarters.
In the first half of the year, the company’s clinical helper clients were granted 13 clinical trials and five listing applications were declared; the Smo operation helped 35 products to be marketed, providing efficient capacity for customers, and is expected to sustain steady growth in the future.
Biology (wuxibiology): New molecular class-related business-driven growth; biological platform for new molecular class-related business-driven growth: Biology platform continues to attract companies. In terms of performance, the wuxibiology industry block 3q23 achieved revenues of $660 million (+3.8 per cent) and revenues of $1.89 billion (+6.5 per cent) in the previous three quarters; and before 2023
(+1.7 pts). The wuxibiology plate focuses on building biological capabilities related to new molecular classes, the Nucleic Acid New Molecular Platform, which has continued to grow in number of clients and projects, with a cumulative number of service clients exceeding 130, and has successfully delivered more than 800 projects since 2021. The comprehensive screening platform provides multi-dimensional technology and capabilities to sustain the flow of company downstream operations at an early stage.
The comprehensive screening platform was found to be a multi-technology and multi-dimensional database analysis capability, such as hts/del/asms/fbdd/cadd, providing extensive and in-depth services to clients. At the same time, in the third quarter, a high-throughput automated protein production line was reached in Suzhou Park and a new service delvision (protein-del library) was launched to connect small molecular chemistry with proteins.
Group, through the continued accumulation of high-quality experimental information, empower clients to more efficiently interpret protein-small molecule interactions. cgtctdmo operations (wuxiatu): integrated ctdmo business models drive growth and ctdmo business models drive business growth. By performance, wuxiatu business plates 3q23 achieve revenue of $310 million
(+2.7%) The first three quarters achieved revenues of $1.03 billion (+11.6%); the readjusted non-ifrs Māori pipeline continued to expand in the first three quarters of 2023, promising to be commercialized. The company continued to strengthen the ctdmo service platform for cell and gene therapy, which provided process development, testing and production services for a total of 68 projects, including 7 clinical 111 projects (2 of which)
Projects are in the process of clearance of listing applications, 2 projects are in the preparation stage of listing applications), 9 clinical 11 projects, and 52 pre-clinical and clinical stage projects.
Operations of the National Department of New Pharmacy Development and Development Services (Wuxiddsu): New medicines developed for clients were approved for approval in the first month of the month, resulting in a distribution of sales income between zero and one.
Block 3q23 achieved revenue of 150 million yuan (-31.2 per cent) and 490 million yuan (-26.9 per cent) in the previous three quarters; the first three quarters have been split between two drug sales and a rich future reserve line. In the third quarter, the company continued to receive a share of the proceeds from two new drug sales that had been marketed. In the first three quarters, the client completed the ind declaration for 15 projects and obtained clinical trials for 19 projects.
Projects have been approved for listing, 2 projects are in the process of listing, 5 clinical 111 projects, 29 clinical 11 projects, and 70 clinical hierarchies. 17 new molecular types of projects cover polythrome/supreme meds, protacs and oligolic acids, 2 of which are in the clinical phase, some of which have been submitted to the Ind application, and multiple projects are foreseen
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating, downside risk of demand, risk of policy change, risk of increased competition in industry, overseas regulatory risk, loss of core skilled personnel.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market