603259. The steady growth of regular operations and the continued release of tides operations
In the first three quarters of 2023, the company ' s chemical industry achieved business income of $21.24 billion, which is an increase of $1.03 billion, or 11.6 per cent, in the cellular and gene therapy ctdmo operation; and the domestic new drug research and development service (ddsu) generated income of $490 million, a decline of 26.9 per cent.
In the core chemical business, the “d” and “m” operations benefited from strong growth. During the first three quarters of 2023, d&m achieved income.
156.3 billion yuan, an increase of 1.4 per cent over the same period, excluding specific commercialized production projects, and d&m revenues, including 58 commercialization projects, 61 clinical iii projects and 316 clinical ii projects.According to company projections, in the fourth quarter of 2023, all corporate revenues will come from non-specific commercialized students.
Production projects, in which the chemical d&m business will grow faster than in the first three quarters. Dismantling of specific businesses will continue. Tides operations will continue in the first three quarters of 2023.
By volume, the Tides portfolio achieved income of $2.07 billion, an increase of 38.1 per cent over the same period. The number of Tidesd&m service clients was 127, an increase of 31 per cent over the same year, and the number of service providers was 230, an increase of 48 per cent over the same period.
China S.I.S.S.A.: Pharmacy Condor (603259) 2023 semi-annual review: regular business is growing rapidly, ddsu can be expected to be operational by December 2023, and multi-platinum synthesizing reaction will be in size as originally planned
China Air Stock Company: 20,000 l of Pharmacator (603259) increased to 32 000l. The 2022 Annual Report Review, “Long-end” strategy continued to be introduced
The core business is driven by high year-round performance growth - 2023 - the number of clients is increasing and the penetration rate of large pharmaceutical companies has increased.
In the first half of the year, the number of company orders continued to grow, with Tides reporting three quarters of 2022: three quarters showing strong performance.
Business growth in hand orders is 245% and the number of clients is growing. According to the income structure of old and new clients, the previous clients contributed $29.12 billion in the first three quarters of 2023, excluding specific commercial projects, and 26% more in the same year, while the new clients contributed $430 million in income from the original customers.
By 99%, it reflects a higher degree of loyalty on the part of the company’s already existing clients. By the size of the client, the company’s long-tail strategy has been accompanied by an increase in penetration among large pharmaceutical companies, with the company’s income from the top 20 drug companies worldwide increasing by 43% from the same time after the elimination of specific commercial items.
By way of example, clients using multi-part services contributed $27,270 million, resulting in an increase of 28 per cent in the same year after the elimination of specific commercialization projects, reflecting the fact that the company, under its strategy of “following the molecules”, received $19,40 billion in revenue from the United States, and the same increase after the elimination of specific commercialization projects.
The income from Chinese clients amounted to $5.24 billion, an increase of 5 per cent over the same period; Japan, South Korea and other regions, the monetized client group, provided strong support for the stability and resilience of the company's performance. 21.39 times and 17.33 times.
The platform's advantages are evident in the fact that the cxo industry relies on orders to drive performance growth, the company has sufficient orders, the company's financial statements and financial indicators
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
A person or a resident. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.