The growth of the non-new crown commercialization project is strong.
In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved a gross operating income of 29,541 million yuan, an increase of 4.04 per cent over the previous quarter; a net return to the mother of 8,076 million yuan, an increase of 9.47 per cent over the same period; and a net loss of non-return to the mother of 7,709 million yuan, an increase of 23.7 per cent over the same period.
By the third quarter of 2023, after the new crown commercialization project was eliminated, revenues grew faster. By the same year, the company collected 23.4 per cent more, with the chemical industry excluding the new crown commercialization project increasing by 31 per cent and the q3 excluding the new crown commercialization project increasing by the same year.
22.4%. In the first three quarters, revenues from the top 20 pharmaceutical companies worldwide continued to grow at a high rate of $11.82 billion, with a strong 43% increase in the same year after the elimination of specific commercialized production projects and a 16% increase in the same year from other global clients, reaching $17.72 billion.
Core operations have increased steadily. In the last three quarters, company chemical operations, testing operations, biology operations, cellular and gene therapy operations have generated 2,124.1 million yuan, 4,854 million yuan, 1,895 million roe (ttm), respectively.
The Department of Development Services managed to collect $491 million, a 26.9 per cent drop from the same year, and continued to develop new clients, with older clients becoming more sticky. Companies served clients from more than 30 countries worldwide through 32 operating bases and branch offices.
Over 900 new clients were added, over 6,000 active clients served over the past 12 months, amounting to more than 600 million yuan, an increase of 36 per cent over the same year after the elimination of specific commercialized production projects; 32.8 per cent of European clients earned nearly 99 per cent of the company ' s income in the first three quarters of the year, amounting to $29.12 billion.
Commercialized production projects grew by 26 per cent in the same year; income from new clients was $430 million, and investment proposals: the advantages of corporate industrial chain integration were evident, new customers were continuously developed, old customers were sticky expectations, brain drains, risks of drug research and development failure, loss of large customers, industry policy risks, etc.
Note: The “market index” of this rating system,a the share reference point is the depth 300 index; the new three-board reference point is the three-board index. Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk”, “stable” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”, “positive” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors to use our divisions
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.