The acquisition of the electronic assembly business of the Altitude Genesis Company (002475.sz) and the expansion of the business are expected to continue to be excellent.
On July 17, the company announced its intention to co-finance about 3.3 billion yuan in cash with the controlling shareholders to buy 100% of Jiangsu and Kunshan's new shares, of which the company (or
(i) The acquisition of the electronic assembly business of the Altitude Corporation and the acquisition of the bid companies Jiangsu and Kunshan are both known as Altitude Foundation (3231.tw)
Latitude is one of the leading electronics companies in the world, earning $20,445.8 million in 2019, making a net profit of $1,583 million, and one of Apple’s major assembly plants. We judge that the main business to be acquired is the iphone hand.
Based on the announcement issued by LINK, it will focus on the optimization of the business portfolio and the global layout, accelerating its investment in 5g, ai, vehicle devices, smart medicine, etc. to strengthen the product mix.
The acquisition of a company with a controlling shareholder will give the company an electronic assembly business and further widen the boundaries of its operations, and its vertical integration capacity will be further enhanced. Some 18% of the company’s share is small, and the assets will not match. We believe that this will reduce the early stages of the acquisition.
(ii) The existing product mix, such as headphones, is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, and the company’s airpods product series continues to grow at a high rate.
Precision: Imports of new products are expected to improve profitability, multiple incidents of fire and the release of Vietnamese factory capacity, and it is expected that the company's volume of airpods will be maintained at 50%.
Precision: Wearable devices drive high performance growth, multiple collars and above, and the increase in the share of airpodspro is expected to contribute to an increase in the combined Māori rate, and the field will continue to perform well in the harvest period.
Apples will further increase the penetration rate of the airpods series if their mobile phones are removed from their headphones. In addition, the company is expected to enter the assembly of the applewatch assembly and the air power launch end in the second half of 2020, and these areas will become new performance growth points.
We have maintained the original profit forecast, with the company ' s net profit forecast for 2020-2022 expected to expand its operational boundaries over the period 2020-2022, with sustained performance expected to perform well, with the epidemic causing demand for products to fall short of expectations, and new products to expand below the expected risks.