21 July 2020 - Report of 002475.sz.
Company rating: Increase (maintenance) 1. Probate with parent companies to acquire LINK subsidiaries.
The equity transfer is to winsmartco.,ltd. The target asset is initially identified.
The price of the deal is about 3.3 billion yuan yuan, and the Proximity Project is funded by no more than a research assistant: Wei Dae-chul 2. The purchase price is one of the three iPhones in the world.
Since 2017, Altitude has received a new iPhone order, while at the same time spending $200 million on an expanded plant in Kunshan.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, and Fushcom's orders are more than 50% and about 30%, at about 10% latitude.
If the acquisition is successfully completed, the company is expected to move into the iphone assembly.
2. The six-month-old top-up report - a single outbreak - will expand the scope of the company’s current business and enhance the competitiveness of the company’s market. The lack of both is expected to further enhance the company’s performance: greater access to the iPhone system.
Profits and tws have been ordered. According to overseas media, 80 million pieces of a14 chip group that supports mwave 5g technology will be produced for apples this year. Airpods is expected to be the third generation of new products.
The tws are expected to continue their trend of increasing penetration during the course of the year. At present, the volume of airpods is expected to reach more than 100 million. Companies have devoted years of spending on electronics, and are constantly setting up cars, communications, and moving into assembly business.
With regard to consumer electronics, the continued release of the billing aerpodspro, 20 years of new airpods and iphones are expected to be listed on schedule, as smart equipment upgrades and product excellence improves.
Consumer electronic business income has risen steadily. New products such as acoustics, radio frequencies, motors, optical, etc. have expanded in line with expectations. Computer interconnectivity products and sophisticated components are early business at the company ' s pc end, with a shift in intelligence terminals and a shift in corporate business focus, which has declined as a share of the main business and is expected to take over in the future.
The company ' s layout connectors, antennas, etc. were partially integrated into the core manufacturer ' s supply chain system, and with a 30 per cent growth in business income over the three-year period, the Māori rate for the 2020e - 2022e operation remained stable as car interconnectivity products and sophisticated components
The company has continued to invest in research and development in the area of automobile interconnection, and the business has grown rapidly in recent years, and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate with the increase in the level of digitization of automobiles and the availability of new energy vehicles. Other connector operations are relatively small in proportion to the removal of connector products from the major subdivisions mentioned above.
The lead firm, which continues to release new products from large clients, is expected to further improve the company ' s performance and maintain a higher rating. Schedule 1 profit scale (millions of dollars) is open to compliance, the logic of the report ' s analysis is based on its own professional understanding, the report clearly and accurately reflects its own research views, and the conclusions are not open to any third party.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.