Exact news (002475) electronic reporting of overperformance, long-term growth with clear determination of Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: The company disclosed its mid-2020 performance, with its 2020h1 account for $36.45 billion, an increase of 70.0 per cent: the parent ' s net profit of $2.540 billion, an increase of 69.0 per cent, an increase above the upper limit of the middle report ' s performance guidelines, and a significantly higher performance than expected. The parent ' s deduction of the non-net profit of $2.34 billion, an increase of 64.2 per cent.
• 2020h1 performance exceeded expectations, and the three-quarterly report continued to show excellent performance. The company collected $36.45 billion in 2020h1, an increase of 70 per cent in the same year; the mother ' s net profit increased by $2.540 billion, an increase of 69.0 per cent in the same year, exceeding the previous season ' s precision.
Mobile phones: superimposed 5g switch, new iphones will support 5g, companies will have vertical integration advantages, and the share of relevant zero components, such as antennas/madas/sonics, will be expected to increase continuously. 2) Smart hardware: Airpods series will continue to contribute to the growth of the collection, and with the introduction of new Apple Fall hardware, the company is expected to be involved in more of these items.
iwatch, the company will continue to benefit from the opportunity to expand the apple hardware product category. • Communication end: as the communications industry moves from 4g to 5g technology upgrades, communications hardware is increasingly integrated, miniaturized, forward-viewing 5g communications (base station antennas, filters, etc.), precision
Significant manufacturing capacity and strengths, and promising future growth in the performance of the communications sector. Automobile end: the company ' s advanced strategic deployment of auto-end business ecology, which is expected to accompany the motor vehicle industry ' s trends of connectivity, intellectual driving, electrodynamicization and gradual improvement from parts, modules to systems through the layout of core products
Given the growth of the business through the expansion of the product class, the increase in the share, the expansion, and the growth of the full-scale development of the “mechanical and electrical sound” company,
71.5 dollars, for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating. 1 company is a sophisticated manufacturing leader for the development of the entire “mechanical sound” and, over the years, through built-in growth and extended M & As, the current main product includes connection lines, connectors, acoustics, wirelesss.
The products are widely used in the fields of electricity, the brain and the surroundings, consumer electronics, communications, automobiles, and medicine. Companies move from traditional connections to sophisticated manufacturing operations, gradually extending to sophisticated manufacturing areas such as electroacoustic, optical, etc., based on sophisticated interconnections.
Corporate business structure: the company’s current revenue is mainly the consumption of electronic business plates. The collection structure is $31.08 billion, or 86.6 per cent, of the same year’s growth in electronics at the expense of the 2020h1 company, which accounts for 85.3 per cent of the revenue, which is larger than the revenue base; computer connectivity.
The ratio of Māori to Māori increased from R$1.14 billion in 2000 to 625.2 billion in 2019, and the ratio of cagr to 57.6 per cent in 2019.
Total demand for consumer electronics markets increased in 2018, and companies maintained a net profit on revenue and return to their mothers
The overall trend in headphones, with reference to counterpointresearch predicts that the global size of tws will reach 230 million by 2020, and that the global market for tws headphones will grow at a combined rate of about 80% by 2019-2022. The rapid growth of Apple-based products, such as tws headphones, will directly drive the growth of consumer electronic plates, with consumer electronic orders expected for 2020-2022.
Assumption 2: Computer Interconnection Products and Precision Components: According to a global pc shipment report issued by the research firm Canalys, pc shipments are expected to decline by 7% in 2020, remain stable in 2021, and will resume growth in 2022. Companies are expected to assume that: Communications Interconnection Products and Precision Components: mainly covering interconnected products (high-speed connectors, etc.), base station radio frequency products
The construction of 5 g base stations (base station antennas, filters, etc.) and photovoltaic products (sourced fibre cables and light modules, etc.) will continue to benefit from the construction of 5g base stations, assuming that 4: auto interconnectivity products and precision components: mainly covering connection units, electronic modules, embedded infusion features, etc. 221,000 vehicles per year, cagr will reach 32%, and we expect that the number of corporate electronic orders for automobiles will be roughly equal to industry sales.
Assumption 5: Other Connectors and Other Businesses: According to IQ data, the market for our connectors was 10.5% in size in 2011-09, and as a leading industry company, it is expected that the company will benefit from a further increase in concentration and speed of growth, and we've chosen the same blues technology as a sophisticated manufacturing industry, intelligence acquisition, Gower shares, and communications as comparable companies,
Compared to a 46-fold average of pe in 2020, business growth is achieved through product expansion, share expansion, expansion, and further refinement of management capacity through upgrading of finance and operations, and should benefit from a valuation premium for industry leaders because of their well-established leadership position in the sophisticated manufacturing industry.
The business chain layout has gradually improved and synergies have been strengthened, the “mechanical and electro-optic sound” have developed in all its dimensions, and the company's growth logic is clear and definite. Nor will it be directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.