q2 super-quarterly, year-round growth continues, o2 super-quarterly, o3 performance leads to high growth, year-round growth is expected to continue q2 battalion year-on-year + 61%, ring-year + 21%; mother-to-man net profit is 1.6 billion yuan, year-on-year + 76%, ring-year + 58%, season-over
The q2 Māori rate is 20%, an increase of 0.51 ptt over the same year, and the expected growth is from the volume of airpods and the 5g version of iPhone. We expect the annual sales of airpods to increase by 50% over the year 2020, and it is still expected to increase by more than 50% next year. In addition, companies produce more than 50% in iPhone.
With the continued hot selling of airpods and the release of the 5g version of the iPhone, the company’s big customers grew unchangingly. Sip, acoustics, motors, wireless chargers, antennas, and so on, this year began to cut into the big watch assembly business, and the communications business is expected to break through and open throughout the year with Andre’s clients spending $2.6 billion on research and development in the first half of the year.
The company is expected to grow at a high rate of 63% over the same period.
The company had previously been involved in the assembly of the airpods and maintained the pro version of the main supplier status, and is expected to be involved this year in a new generation of watch replacements, and this acquisition has further refined the company’s layout in the line of products of large clients.
We believe that the company underestimates and maintains the “recommended” evaluation.
1. An accurate (002475) assessment of the state of the Internet: acquisition of a plant to build a trillion generations of workers. The epidemic has not been brought under control, trade frictions have escalated between China and the United States, and downstream customers have not delivered as much as expected.
2. Advanced (002475) performance rating: sustaining high growth throughout the season, laying the groundwork for a global summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity and Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai University of Transport.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,