Newtessecurities
q2 performance exceeded expectations, and the sophisticated manufacturing pole continued to expand — the company published a 20h1 report, and the revenue and net profits were higher than expected.
The company experienced a rapid growth in revenue and net profits of 20h1, with business earnings of $36.45 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 70 per cent in the same year; a net return profit of $2.540 billion, an increase of 69 per cent in the same year, exceeding the upper limit of the forecasted earnings of the previous period. Public-private consumer electronics benefited from the high tws headphones, and communications demand fell short of expectations.
The excess performance expected in the first half of the year mainly benefited from the rapid growth of consumer electronics operations, which generated $31.1 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 86.6 per cent in the same year, an increase in the share of revenue from 77.7 per cent to 85.3 per cent, and in the first half of the year, the company, as the continent's only supplier of airpodspro, fully benefited from the rapid increase in the consumption of the product.
In the second half of the year, the number of apple wireless headphones is expected to increase significantly to 90 million throughout the year, and the company is at the lowest/highest level in Vietnam in a year: regional extension of related production lines, which are expected to continue to benefit from the high tws.
Communications-related receipts fell considerably, reaching $1.07 billion in the first half of the year, a 31 per cent decline over the same period. Demand was impaired by the “downscaling” of the 5g base station to reduce power consumption, and the reduction in the use of related devices.
• The device-assembly-put-all strategy is solidly advanced, the platform-based precision-manufacturing dragons has gone through three stages of connection-multiple modules-sip wrapping, with the product covering most of the electronic parts and components, and has become a domestic sophisticated-manufacturing leader. In July, the company announced that it would acquire Altitude in Kun.
The mountain’s surrogate plant, which is officially built into the iphone system, eventually completes the platform’s strategy. We keep looking at the growth of wearable headphones, such as wireless headphones, and the boost to company performance when apples are on the market.
In the medium-to-long term, one of the main lines will continue to benefit from the high growth of the apple chain; and the second is the ability of the platform to produce, which can be replicated in the areas of cars, 5g, servers, etc.
Eco-collaboratively creates “the strongest and the strongest”.
q3 performance is higher than expected, and precision is used to make giants accelerate.
Growth: 2019-10-21 " H1 Performance Over Expectations, Accurate Manufacturing Larges Sustained High Growth " 2019-08-20