The company announced on 17th that it would sign an acquisition framework agreement to buy 100% of the investments in Latsou (Gangsu) and Latsu (Kunsan) in cash together with the controlling shareholders, of which the listed companies would contribute no more than $600 million.
At the end of the day, the company was involved in iPhone surrogates, and this buy-in allowed for the direct introduction of the iPhone surrogates to large clients in short hours, further refining the company's profile in the field of surrogates.
Airpods assembles and maintains the pro-version principal supplier status, and is expected to participate this year in a new generation of watch generation industrial business, which will further improve the company’s layout of large customer product lines.
The Unit is moving up against 300 deep, and more continental companies are expected to move into alternative industries and build up a future that, with the company ' s cost-management capacity, is expected to increase the share of substitute workers, while continuing horizontally to open up the Pad and Mac operations, which are worth trillions of markets.
We're looking forward to a year-on-year increase of about 50 per cent in the year 2020, and next year we're looking forward to a year-on-year increase in the volume of airpods.
At the same time, the company’s multi-products in the iPhone are going well, and with the continued heat and sale of the airpods and the release of the 5g version of the iPhone, the company’s large clients grow in logic, so that products such as acoustics, motors, wireless chargers, antennas, etc., continue to grow. At the same time, communications are expected to break through, and Andre’s clients may be unincorporated throughout the year.
In the lead, we think the company underestimates and gives a “recommended” rating.
2. Advanced (002475) performance report: Year-round high expectations, elite champion Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., awarded the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.