002475.sz. Horizontal expansion of a high-quality track, Fu Chu Hung.
The company released its mid-2020 report, which generated $36,452 million in revenue in the first half of the year.
(i) The continuous release of worn equipment, the high-performance growth over and above our expectations, the high-performance of companies, and the high-performance above our expectations. The 2020q2 companies, respectively, benefited mainly from the sustained high growth in wearable products, led by the airpods. We expect the whole picture to be complete.
The volume of airpods will reach 90 million each year, a 50% increase over the same year. The company’s Vietnamese production capacity will be released in an orderly manner, with an additional $454 million planned for expansion, and the company is expected to enter the assembly chain at the end of the Applewatch, Airpower launch, and is expected to be available in 2020.
Watch will have 37 million shipments; Airpower is expected to start in the fourth quarter, and the business in question is expected to be an important increase for the company in the future. The company's operations in the areas of communications and automobiles are going well, and we expect it to grow by more than 35% over the next two years.
(ii) The horizontal layout widens the boundaries of operations, and companies are expected to continue to perform well, starting with a connector, winning the trust of large clients with excellent crafts and efficient performance, and increasing the numbers of large customers. Companies are expanding their boundaries of operations through acquisitions:
In 2011, the company acquired Kunshan United to cut into the apple chain; in 2012, the company acquired Fujian Shining in the electronics sector of automobiles; in the same year, the two-win acquisition of Pearlhai in the smartphone field; and in 2016, the company acquired the audio field of Metma, Suzhou, to cut into the airpods assembly business.
The acquisition of Altitude Genesis, one of Apple's main assembly plants, is expected to help the company cut into iPhone, computer assembly, and bring new development space to the company.
Precision: Imports of new products are expected to improve profitability, multiple points.
Business boundaries, expected to continue to perform well and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Acquisitions are less integrated than expected, and the epidemic leads to less than anticipated risks of consumer electronic demand.