The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry is holding steady and is concerned about the progress of research and development of innovative medicines.
The increase of $200 million over the same period is due mainly to the idleness of some of the production equipment in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry and the discontinuation of the eg017 project, the provision of asset impairments and the impairment of 100 grams of biometric inventory.
The subsidiary’s gold-track pharmaceutical industry has maintained a stable revenue base, with three-fee increases and a short-term pressure on asset impairments. 1) The company’s gold-challenging pharmaceutical industry has achieved revenue of $8.213 billion, an increase of 0.61 per cent over the same period □ chingpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn
Mother ' s net profit now stands at 1,421 million yuan, a decrease of 49.96 per cent in the same year; part of the idle set-up of the 25q3 Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, plus the net profit of the post-Kimble Medicines industry at 1,421 million yuan, a decrease of 45 per cent in the same year.
Biorealized revenues of $474 million, a decrease of 53.76% from the same year, at a loss of $158 million; 3) new products such as the subsidiary Huakang Vulchin Chi Bail and US-Choa are in the commercialization phase, followed by adequate research and development pipelines. While companies strengthen their leadership in endocrine metabolism and women’s and children’s fields, they are also looking forward to a number of high demand and high demand.
(b) On June 30th, the whole human source anti-Voushinbill (polymer) was approved for listing, and applications for the marketing of products such as Vulchbione resistance (water agent) and Lmpreylin injection of emulsions were accepted. Clinical data show that Vushin, the Chibai single resistance, with 6-72 hours of pain equivalent to hormonal, 72hvas
The rating dropped by 57.09 mm, with a reduction of 90% in the risk of relapsing 12 weeks, and a reduction of 87% in the risk of relapsing 24 weeks. This effectively alleviates the pain of patients, significantly reduces the risk of relapsing, and no serious adverse drug-related effects have been detected.
Liquid-type drugs, recommended in the csco oncological anorexia-virulent syndrome treatment guide, version I of 2025, have high solubility and bioavailability, which are not used with food, are used to prevent nausea from chemotherapy, and are shown to be effective and safe in clinical research.
Investment proposals: The company is steadily moving forward with the marketing management of its core paediatric operations, while increasing the marketing of products such as ovarian hormones, Vushin, Chibai, etc., which is currently at a critical stage in the transformation of innovative R & D, many of which are expected to be marketed over time, and the company is expected to achieve a net return profit by 2025-2027, respectively
The risk of failure, the risk of overseas expansion, is not as high as expected.
2. Galactic Medicines, Company Review, Changchun Highgheung, 000661: The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals Industry has a steady harvest and the transition continues to advance 3.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Song Liqiang, Master of Public Health at the University of Kyotan, admitted to the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2024, with in-depth research in the fields of Chinese medicine, biological products, and the chain of innovative medicines. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.