Entering the Stock Exchange Bank to combine production with the “Next City” November 29, 2017, Riengzhou Coal Industry (600188.sh)
On the evening of 27 November 2017, the company issued an announcement to subscribe to 400 million shares for targeted stock distribution at a $3/equity issue price; at the same time, the company's financial layout is to be “further” in accordance with the profitability of the bank. When the transaction is completed, the company's coal industry will hold 7,769,714.3 million shares in the bank, accounting for 19.75% of the total equity of the bank's enhanced equity.
As of 31 December 2016, the Bank of Impairment assets totalled 74.01 billion yuan and the liability totalled 678.0 million yuan. The Research Assistant for the Left Front Line achieved annual operating income of 4.24 billion yuan, with a total profit of 320 million yuan and a net profit of 240 million yuan.
In recent years, companies have largely completed the configuration of the coal plate, and companies have been consciously increasing their investment in the area of financial investment. At present, they rely on national policies and regional industrial advantages.
Through a series of capital operations, such as replenishments in the mid-term of Shanghai, subscriptions to Zulu Bank shares, replenishments in medium-term finance leases, the Division has set up investment management platforms in Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen, Qingdao, and has completed the initial establishment of industrial funds, asset management, financial leasing, financial holding companies and promoted the company from “business operations” to “production”
Wang Chimin Research Assistant, based on coal, takes into account the new patterns of coal, electricity, and financial co-development. As traditional coal taps in the three markets, the company is based on the consolidation of Shandong's headquarters.
\triangleright expands the \twilight zone, has offshore bases, and its strategic direction is closely aligned with the industrial development thinking of “restriction of the east, control of the centre, development of the west” and “use of two resources, two markets.” Corporate performance has recovered since 2016, with net gains of $2.06 billion and $1.490 billion in 16 years (Yoy140% and net gains after deductions), respectively.
582. The performance of 2017q1-q3 continued to improve, resulting in a net return of $4,783 million (Yoy369.88 per cent). This time, corporate investment in IBM was instrumental in increasing public revenue from the rise of the Luang State Coal Industry (600188.sh) Base + the profitability of the Australasia Performance Division, improving corporate investment returns, integrating and synergizing production through the deep integration of industrial and financial capital, and further establishing “entity development”
Reverse - Low Valuation Core Coal Assets 2017.11.13 Industry, Logistics Trade, Financial Investment, “Trilateral Support, Integration, Co-development Industry New Patterns: Profit Forecasts and Ratings: Benefiting from Increased Coal and Methanol Prices, Significant Increases in Corporate Coal Production, Reverses in Australasia Base Performance, and Mergers and Acquisitions of Joint Mining Synergy
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the House of Crest 9 in the West Side of Beijing: The combined coal profits were released and coal prices rose again before the end of the winter season. Risk factors: the risk of cyclical fluctuations in macroeconomics, the risk of fluctuations in the coal market, the risk of coal-chemical operations, the risk of safe production, and the risk of competition in the industry.
Charcoal, natural gas industrial chain, special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-cheming intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions.Kok Wing Ming, Ph.D. (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineers, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, member of the China Sindha Business Audit Expert Bank, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (chair), research advice in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development Programme, revision of the coal industry technology policy
Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector. Wang Chimin, Master of Technology, School of Mining Engineering, University of China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.