The Kuangzhou coal industry, whose high acquisition costs have dragged down its performance in the third quarter of 17 years, announced a net profit of HK$4.8 billion in January-September of 17 years under China's accounting standards.
One billion yuan, a 275 per cent increase in the same year, and 11 per cent in the ring, are 25 per cent lower in real terms than we predicted, mainly because of the one-time cost of purchasing coal&allied (c&a) of 1,118 billion yuan, and the lower than expected cost of coal. After posting the performance, we will make international financial adjustments.
China ' s 17 January-September net profits in the Xiangzhou coal industry increased by 3.7 to 4.8 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis, compared with the company ' s previous indication that in the 3rd quarter of 17 years, the company ' s self-produced coal achieved coal ring value by only 5 per cent to 492 yuan, less than
Real profits are 25% lower than our projections, mainly because of coal, and we're predicting 518 yuan/tonne. And because of the acquisition of c&a, companies have a lower total stamp duty and audit price than expected and 1.18 billion yuan in acquisition-related fees.
In January-September of 17 years, company-owned coal sales increased by 24 to 52 million tons on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to three new coal mines (Trouble Bay, Shirazo, Graves) which were brought into commercial production between the second half of 16 and September of 1717 and the incorporation of c&a. However, due to an accidental shutdown in mid-August,
Equity performance – a share of Shanxi’s sales fell by 19% on a year-on-year basis in January-September 17 years, of which the three-quarter round fell by 61%. We believe that this is related to strict coal safety control during the nineteenth-century period.
We have reduced by 1% the revenue forecast for 2017 under IFRS, mainly to reflect the three-month shutdown of the mountain coal mine and the one-time cost of the acquisition. Given the current low stock prices, we still find the h share attractive.
Coal production costs are higher than expected.