Events: announcement issued on 26 December 2017 by the Luangzhou Coal Industry that the company and its affiliates had signed a coal contract of 3,753 million tons in 2018, as described above.
On 10 November 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular from the Office of the National Development Reform Commission on the promotion of the implementation of the medium- and long-term coal contract of 2018 (Distribution and Operation No. [2017] 1843) urging both parties to urgently sign coal supply and demand for one year.
It requires that the number of medium- and long-term contracts concluded between the central and provincial districts and municipalities and other coal- and power-generating enterprise groups of more than 75% or more of their own resources or purchases and that the performance rate be more than 90%.
The research assistant to the left is well developed, and both the supply and demand of underground and direct coal from the railways shall consult to determine the pricing mechanism by reference to the “base price + floating price” approach, and the supply and demand of coal in the region shall be determined by a combination of local consultations based on the actual and downstream affordability of coal production in the region.
\triangleright Research Assistant \triangleright Market Coal Prices are far higher than the base price, and the lower the percentage of medium- and long-term contracts concluded, the more theoretically the company’s performance is more resilient.
The price difference between the price and the price of coal on the market is even greater. In December, the price difference between the price of coal produced in tons and the price of coal in the market is 48 yuan.
Regional and industrial layouts offer competitive advantages, and a smaller share of coal has made the company more resilient. Coal production in Luangzhou is based on three main bases: \triangleright
The three bases are relatively balanced. Because the sale of coal from the Australasia base does not need to be subject to the domestic medium- and long-term contract regime, Mountain 2011207 Coal Industries (600188): Methanol is priced at three times. About 55% of the coal produced by the Eastern Province is cokered, and part of the coal from the Australasia base is a chemical project such as coal for high-quality chemical industries.
20171204 The state coal industry (600188): The acquisition of semi-East Railways also does not require a high percentage of the executive power-coal system.
For the time being, the Changzhou coal industry has entered into a medium- and long-term contract of 3,753 million tons of electricity coal in 2018, accounting for about 40 per cent of the company's projected coal production in 2018, Roads 2017.12.04 The 20171129 State Coal Industry (600188): Access to the Stock Exchange Bank.
Smaller, with more flexible performance in a market environment with high coal prices. “Growing coal industry (600188.sh) + Australasia’s performance” Profit forecasts and ratings: benefiting from higher coal and methanol prices, significant increases in corporate coal production, relatively small medium- and long-term contract coal, Australia’s base performance
Inverse - Low Valuation Core Coal Assets 2017.11.13 Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the House of Crest 9 in the West Side of Beijing: The combined coal profits were released and coal prices rose again before the end of the winter season. Risk factors: the risk of cyclical fluctuations in macroeconomics, the risk of fluctuations in the coal market, the risk of coal-chemical operations, the risk of safe production, and the risk of competition in the industry.
Financial data on the front page of the company's report The natural gas industry chain, with special research on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemical intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions, Dr. Wing Zing, China Mining University (Beijing), registered consultant (investment) engineer, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank and member of the Chinese expert bank for business auditing and auditing.
He worked as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, revised coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016, which was responsible for research in the coal sector; Zhou Jie, Research Assistant, Master of Mining Engineering, General Coal Science Research Institute, Master of Business and Industry Management, People's University of China; and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector.
Wang Chimin, Research Assistant, and Master of Technology, School of Mining Engineering, University of China, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 to conduct research in the coal industry. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the China Securities Commission. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.