The cost of methanol was three years high, and the company's methanol plates benefited significantly from the event: the country's methanol production was concentrated in Shandong, Henan, Shaanxi, Inner Mongolia, Sichuan and Xinjiang. The latest data from the 200th December data show that the coal industry in the multi-daviga region (600188.sh)
Multi-factor plus boosted methanol prices rose by three years, with data showing that domestic methanol prices at the end of November were higher than expected, with more than $3,400 per ton, a three-year high. We believe that this sharp increase in methanol prices is largely due to two factors, namely, “coal conversion” for civilian use and the detonation of gas demand.
There is a lack of raw materials for gas-based methanol; on the other hand, Methanol manufacturers have not finished their year-end repairs, have a low stock as a whole, and the rate of downstream formaldehyde and dimethyl ether start-up has recovered, demand for methanol has increased significantly in the short term, and the market is tight. The price of later methanol is expected to remain high. This increase in methanol prices is mainly due to short-term imbalances in supply and demand.
\triangleright Left Premigo Research Assistant Commercial installation repairs are expected to be nearing completion and supplies will be restored; in addition, production restrictions in the northern heating season are gradually increasing, putting some pressure on the production of methanol downstream.
On the whole, subsequent supply and demand tensions are expected to ease. However, in the long run, the supply side of the benefits of the supply reform and environmental restrictions on production remains under considerable pressure, and high coal prices are clearly supported at the cost end. So, we judge, the price of the subsequent methanol or a reasonable return, but we're still going to have a research assistant at Zhou Jie's.
\triangleright Wang Chimin Research Assistant 1.7 million, 2.2 million tonnes. According to the most recent data, the average cost of methanol in China East since October has been 2,948 ton, assuming no change in production costs.
In addition, the ellipse mill phase II project and the Ordos meritorious Mercure two project are building up 25% of the equity to improve the industrial chain and build the inner moon base.
In the process of construction, production will be gradually completed in the future, and capacity will increase further. With the high price of methanol operating, the profits of the company ' s methanol business plate are expected to rise to a new level, namely, "20171129 S.A. Coal (600188): Entering into the C.I.B., "The Rise of the S.A. Coal Base (600188.sh) + Australian Performance " .
Profit projections and ratings: benefiting from higher prices of coal and methanol, significant increases in corporate coal production, reversals in Australasia base performance, mergers and acquisitions of joint mining synergies - low-valued coal core assets 2017.11.13 Sinda Securities Inc.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. House No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City's West Side, Beijing. Risk factors: risk of cyclical fluctuations in macroeconomics, risk of fluctuations in the coal market, risk in the coal industry, risk of safe production, risk of competition in industry.
\triangleright Carbon and Gas Industrial Chains, with special research on fertilizer, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemical intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, and carbon emissions.Dr. (Beijing) Chinese Mining University, registered consultant (investment) engineer, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank and member of the Chinese expert bank on business auditing and auditing.
He was the Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, revised coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016, which was responsible for research in the coal sector; Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering at the General Coal Science Research Institute, Master of Business and Industry Management at the People's University of China; joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector.
Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering College, China Mining University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 to conduct research in the coal industry. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sunda securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making in this category, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.