Tonway shares (600438) are reported in depth to be a multi-crystal silicon, with a cellulose twirling from the aquatic feed industry, finely managing the gene in the same vein:
From 2013 onwards, Tungwee shares have been expanded from aquatic feed to photovoltaic crystal silicon and battery film operations, with a refined management philosophy, with costs and technology at the core of development, and after years of subliminal operation, have grown in the photovoltaic industry to be a double-chip tap for multi-crysilica and battery tablets, a global front line for multi-crystal silicon sales in 2019, and battery fragments are delivered.
The world’s first is to integrate photovoltaics organically with aquaculture, and to develop eco-efficient and economically efficient fishing, photovoltaic power station construction and operations. Over the same period, aquaculture-related operations have also remained robust, providing companies with sustained and stable profits and cash flows.
The supply and demand structure of multi-crystal silicon is expected to improve in 2020, with the advantage of counter-cyclical expansion: global photovoltage is expected to be about 140-150w in 2020, corresponding to a multi-crysilica demand of about 54-58 million tons, a single-crystal ratio of over 80 per cent, low-cost domestic capacity of between 40,000 and 50,000 yuan/t, approximately 390,000 tons, and a single-crystal output.
With a rate of about 65%, domestic production capacity is not able to meet all the needs for single crystals. The country’s second and fourth quarters of the year’s annualized market demand will be more than 600,000 tons, resulting in a partial supply of silicon, with prices likely to rebound to overseas manufacturers at cash costs of $70,000/tons or more.
The cost of silicon from the new plant in Wilbur Hill is only $40,000 per tonne, and continues to expand 60,000 tons at a time of low silicon prices, further reducing to 30,000 yuan per tonne. As the market did not generate additional capacity during the same period, 21 years of postpartum will continue to expand, leading the expansion of the m12 battery production line, leading to the development of hjt technology in the country.
The price of single crystal perc battery is now $0.95/w, and most battery companies in the industry are already in a loss state. The non-silicon battery line remains full, with a cost of less than $0.25/w, while the profit level is still relatively good, with the company spearheading a large-scale expansion of 15gwm12 single crystal perc batteries in the industry in 2020.
The silicon cost is expected to drop to 0.18/w, as the m12 silicon is significantly lower in construction costs and flux manufacturing costs, and continues to lead the global PV battery industry significantly, thereby benefiting more. At the same time, the test line in the 400mw hejt battery has been successfully tested, together with domestic equipment manufacturers.
To promote the nationalization of critical equipment, it is planned that 15gw heterogeneous circuits will be produced after the domestic production of domestic equipment and materials and their cost has fallen, leading to the development of domestic battery technology.
And the expected risks; the price of photovoltaic products falls short of the expected risks.
1. “Fisheries together”, refined management of a pulse, 1.1 Agricultural to New Energy taps, established in 1995 in Chengdu, Sichuan, to create a business for the production and sale of aqueous fodder, with the Tungwei shares (600438) handed over in 2004.
Successfully listed, the leading country-based agro-industrialized company, with annual feed production of more than 10 million tons, is the world’s leading aquaculture-feed production company and our major livestock-feed production company, one of our leading agricultural listing companies in agriculture, forestry, pastoralism, and fishing plate sales. Tonway’s shares succeeded in receiving Fertilizer in 2013 at a price of 870 million yuan, expanding their operations to the photovoltaic sector.
Consistent with the corporate vision of “Better Life” and the corporate purpose of “Achieving Excellence, Giving Society”, the company has developed a business model of “Agriculture (Fisheries) + Photovoltaic” resource integration and synergistic development, mainly for agricultural aqueous feed and light Voto crystallized silicon and battery tablets, and the development of a solar fishing solar power plant in conjunction with solar and agricultural energy.
In agriculture, the company’s main business is research, production, and marketing of products such as water feed and animal feed.
Figure 1. Tungwei’s main business, with regard to new photovoltaic energy, is dominated by high-purity silicon, solar-powered cell development, production, marketing, and is dedicated to the construction and delivery of the terminal power plant, which is dominated by “fishing light as one”. By the end of 2019, the company had developed a high-purity silicon capacity of 80,000 tons, located in Lei.
At the end of the complex, the company actively promoted the “fishing as one” development model based on the full promotion of the “365” model of aquatic scientific farming, with a combination of 20gw, the solar cell capacity, which is composted and Chengdu, respectively, and 15gw, which is being built up with an efficient single crystal cell capacity, expected to be completed only in the first half of 2021 by the end of 2020.
Over 30 years of company technology, management, and experience in the field of aquatic production have been fully utilized to secure the benefits of aquaculture under water, as well as to increase the benefits of photovoltaic power generation, bringing new profit growth points to companies, farmers and other partners through a variety of modes of operation. More than 20 patents have been applied for in the field of light-complemented power plants.
The remaining shareholders’ shareholdings are spread to no more than 4%, making it difficult to have a substantial impact on the company’s holdings.
1.2 Agriculture remains strong, providing a profit base for corporate development. Companies can be divided into feed, aquaculture, and water trade and processing in agricultural plates. Forage business accounts for a larger share of more than 15 billion yuan, with a Māori rate of 14.6%, maintaining a better overall trend.
Towards near saturation, concentration of incremental development has largely come to an end, and the feed industry has entered a period of energy restructuring with high efficiency. Since 2019, the prices of raw materials have fluctuated as a result of the non-continental swine plague, environmental requirements for farming and disputes over international trade.
The current competition in the feed industry has evolved from an early run-in, rapid ups, medium-term niches, single-point breakthroughs, to today’s combined power ratios. Whether in the production, marketing, or technical, procurement, services, etc., or in terms of professional competence,
In the new phase of reshuffling the industry, the feed industry, with its full competitive advantage, is expected to emerge, benefiting fully from the dividends of increased concentration in the industry and achieving a steady increase in market ownership. The shares of the Tonway have long been at the forefront of the aquatic feed industry, with clear bargaining advantages and strong performance support for the company.
1.2 Photovolts injected strong momentum and performed robustly. After 16 years of deep-seated photovoltage, the company's revenue and gross profits have been growing steadily, even under the influence of the “New Deal 531” of the domestic photovoltaic industry in 2018, the company's photovoltage business continued to grow by $10.2 billion in 2018, an 8.7 per cent increase compared to the gross Maori rate.
In 2019, as a result of the outbreak of overseas markets, companies returned to high growth rates, reaching $8,159 million in business income and a Maori rate of 29.17 per cent in the first half of 2019. Income from the photovoltaic industry and the Māori rate increased steadily, giving strong impetus to the company, with revenue of $16,124 million in the first half of 2019, an increase of 29.39 per cent, a gross profit of $3,549 million, an increase of 45.57 per cent, and a Māori rate.
Expansion of silicon and battery tablet production is at a high rate of expansion, but companies keep their asset-liability ratios at a healthier level of about 60%. As of the end of the day, although silicon and cell block are heavy asset industries with significant fixed asset inputs, companies use financial poles and equity to finance financial costs at around 1-2%, with the exception of the first year in 2016 when they expanded into photovoltaic operations, all of which are at the Roe level.
By 2016, the company had a relatively small share of photovoltaic operations, had some fluctuations in net cash flows, had been affected by PV cash flows since 2016, had been expanding at a high rate as income and profits grew, and had experienced a steady flow of cash from the company's agricultural plates, and had a comparative advantage in the company's stuck “silicon” and “cell” links in the PV plates, with a significant expansion of silicon production.
And the rapid release of cell block capacity has laid the foundation for the company to gradually become a two-way tap for silicon plus battery, with large portions of silicon and battery fragments in cash mode, and future cash flow levels will be maintained at a higher level.
The photovoltaic sector has traditionally been in a complex and volatile market environment, with both high-growth and volatile manufacturing investments and policies, as well as protection from international trade. The geographical limitations of photovoltaic power generation are small, safe and reliable, silent, low-pollution, and non-consumption fuel consumption and short-term construction advantages will gradually gain worldwide recognition.
2.1 Diffusion of domestic subsidy policy. Photovoltaic subsidies dropped from 0.4-0.55/kwh in 2019, and the competitive bid resulted in 3921 projects being included in the 2019 national competitive subsidy, with a total installed capacity of 22.8gw, of which 366 were general photovoltaic stations, with a installed capacity of 18.12gw, distributed photovoltaic items.
The maximum subsidy for power station projects in the provinces is about 0.1 yuan/kwh. Most of the subsidies are around 0.05 yuan/kwh, and some of the stations report subsidies up to 0.01 yuan/kwh. Photovoltaic subsidies have been reduced to less than 15% of the price of electricity and will be withdrawn from the historical stage in 2021 with the final year of the bid for photovoltaic subsidies in 2020.
On 23 January 2020, the National Energy Agency issued a notice (for comments) on matters related to the construction of wind power and photovoltaic power projects in 2020, in which it announced a total subsidy of $1.5 billion for new photovoltaic projects in 2020. Of that sum, $500 million was used for household photovoltaics and $1 billion for competitive bidding projects (including centralized photovoltaic stations and business-distributed photovoltaic projects).
The impact of subsidy policies on the photovoltaic sector is becoming less and less. Markets are returning to the center of the stage, and low-cost and efficient clean energy will be the central driving force of photovoltaic development.
At the end of 2019, the country ' s aggregate light voltage capacity was 30gw, which was 32.21% lower than in 2018, mainly because of the delayed impact of subsidy policies. During the spring of 2020, the impact of the epidemic on the production capacity of the first quarter of the industry was slight, but in 2019 the policy was postponed to the photovoltaic market.
The resulting decline, with some delayed effect over the coming period, and with new projects in 2020, is expected to reach 110gw by the end of 2020. The increase in the number of additional installed units in the photovoltaic year has increased almost 38 times from 2.9gw in 2007 to 120gw in 2019, making up for the decline in domestic loadings, and the low cost of light-voltage energy, which has gradually become available.
Since the third quarter of 2018, China’s exports of photovoltaic components have continued to outpace expectations, with nine-month exports of components increasing by more than 50% on a year-on-year basis since December 2018, with cumulative exports of photovoltaic components increasing by 61.56% in 2019. The rapid growth in exports of components reflects a global match.
Photovoltaic demand continues to grow well, and the boom in overseas photovoltaic markets has effectively made up for the decline in domestic photovoltaic markets. Domestic component exports are growing each year.3
3.1 The trend towards national production is clear, with reduced dependence on imports, and our multi-crystal silicon industry has been growing rapidly in recent years: the multi-crystal silicon chain is a technology- and capital-intensive industry, with domestic multi-crysilica production accounting for only 6.65 per cent of global output in 2008, leaving the domestic photovoltaic industry permanently under the control of overseas silicon enterprises.
By the end of 2019, our multi-crystal silicon capacity had reached 452,000 tonnes per year, with major firms such as Concord, Tungwee, Da Ceng, Sinteng, Ogang, and Hope East growing steadily and at a higher level in 2019, with the release of domestic industrial capacity in Xinjiang and intrasilicon plants.
In the dominant market pattern, each of the five enterprises had an effective productive capacity of 780 tonnes/year, with a capacity ratio of 80%. Domestic multi-crystal silicon production continued to grow, but the rate of import of multi-crystal silicon from abroad continued to decline; China imported less than 140.000 tons of silicon in 2018, a decline of 12.15% from the same year, a decline again in 2013; and in 2019 it imported 14,450,000 tons of silicone and imports.
The share declined by 5.5 pct; the increase in the number of polycrystal silicon imports in the two years was significantly lower than the increase in domestic silicon production, and the demand for polycrysil silicon in 2020 remained dependent on imports, but the dependence on imports was decreasing and the ratio of multicrystal silicon national production increased.
However, since 2018, the price of multi-crystal silicon has continued to decline, with higher costs for overseas producers, with real output well below nominal capacity, such as the nominal capacity of rec to produce 7 kilotons, compared with the actual production of 1.7 kilotons in 2019; at the beginning of 2020, the Wak had reduced its assets by €760 million to the multi-crysilica business and planned to convert 20,000 tons of United States production line into an electronic class line; and Oci planned to shut down Korea ' s multi-crysilica line due to high cost in Korea, with only retention.
Malaysia ' s capacity is 27,000 tons. It is expected that by 2020 the country ' s additional low-cost production capacity will be fully released, the overseas high-cost multi-silicon market space will have a further 3.2 tectonics cost advantage, the capacity expansion will be significant, the country ' s first multi-silicon line has been operational since 2008, the country ' s multi-silicon technology will continue to improve, combined electricity and steam consumption will continue to decline, as well.
In recent years, domestic manufacturers have been proficient in, and applied, changes to the San Siemens method. Since 2016, new production capacity has been expanded on a massive scale, with single-line production exceeding 20,000 tons. The main costs of multi-crysilica are electricity, metal silicon, manpower, depreciation, steam, and so on.
The cost of electricity is highest at 29%, silicon metal at 21%, and depreciation at 16%. Because of the wide variation in the cost of electricity from one location to another, new production lines are chosen in Xinjiang, Innermont, and Sichuan, where coal or hydropower resources are abundant and inexpensive, and the cost of electricity can be as low as 0.2-0.3 yuan/kwh, leading to further cost exploration.
The distribution of global production costs can be broadly divided into three tranches, with new capacity being created in low-priced areas in 2016, totalling about 390,000 tons in Tungwei, Hari, All, New Special Energy, Hope East, Inland Shield, etc., about 40-50 yuan/kg in production costs, and about 30-40 yuan/kg in cash costs. High domestic and overseas power-priced capacity is estimated at 8-100,000 tons and 15-20 million tons respectively.
Based on market research information, global light-voltage installed machines are expected to be around 140-150w in 2020, approximately 54-58 million tonnes for multi-crystal silicon, more than 80 per cent of the market for silicon, and only about 50-80 per cent of the production capacity for the new production of silicon produced by domestic manufacturers.
And the fluorescent industry is clearly seasonal in nature, with high demand expected in the country in the second and fourth quarters of the year, more than 150,000 tons of market demand in the first quarter, and 600,000 tons of annualized market demand, causing a partial supply of multiple crystallized silicon, with silicon prices likely to rebound to the cash cost range of overseas manufacturers.
According to the Tungwei semi-annual report of 2019, the company has achieved 100 tonnes/day of production in March 2019 and June 2019 in Guangzhenghangseng, each of the main consumption indicators exceeding the design expectations and meeting the established target of 40,000 yuan/ton production costs.
In terms of current performance, real production can reach about 140 per cent of design capacity, with single crystals accounting for 16.98 per cent over the third and fourth quarters of 2019, reflecting the firm ' s core competitiveness in this area, with new production costs expected to fall below 40,000 yuan/tonne in 2020, under conditions of 90 per cent single crystalline multiple silicon. The cost is at its lowest level among global manufacturers.
There are two ways to reduce costs for multi-crystal silicon, once more than $1,000/kg, which attracts numerous investors. Today, more than 60 pieces of prices will only make firms with cost advantages stand out. For multi-crysilica, there are two ways to reduce costs.
The cost, excluding human, steam and other costs, is dominated by metal silicon and electricity, which are not very different and which are the core of the cost reduction.Sichuan Insilicon Project was launched in 2007 with a start-up size of 1,000 tons, and by 2017 with an original production line of 20,000 tons of capacity;
At the end of June, the company’s multi-crystal silicon annual chemical capacity reached 80,000 tons. In terms of electricity costs, new low-cost production in recent years has been built mainly in low-priced regions, and early production in the eastern region has largely been phased out.
The core areas of multi-crystal silicon technology, such as large-scale energy-saving distillation, efficient reduction, tail gas recovery, trichlorohydrosilium synthesis and anti-discrimination, are at advanced levels in the industry. Current project performance statistics show that the production cost of new production lines can be reduced to below RMB 40,000/tonne, combined electricity consumption will be reduced to below 55 kwh/kg, 64 kwh/kg below average, and new energy vapour use has even dropped to 10 kg/kg, which is only half of the industry.
Compared to other major companies Xinjiang, Xinjiang, New Special Energy, Tonway shares have maintained their capacity at a higher level in both years. In 2020, the company expected to expand 60,000 tons of Leisan II or the first two projects, expected to start production in 2021, with a total capacity of 140,000 tons.
Production ratios, combined costs, are expected to drop to $30 and $40/kg, respectively, and continue to be industry-led, as no additional silicon production became operational in the industry in 2020 and market demand continued to grow, and companies were able to make bulk production of the n silicon and start testing supplies to important downstream customers, looking at improved supply and demand of silicon in 2020, and companies would take up their share of the market with low-cost, high-quality single crystal silicon.
And the improvement in the structure of silicon products after 2021 has led to profit growth.4 The profit from battery chips is expected to improve, and the Hjt-led industry has increased its concentration in 4.1 industries, moving closer to the poles.
The advantages and disadvantages of the battery chain determine the efficiency of photovoltaic power generation, but the initial development of the battery is less independent and large-scale contortion companies than in the silicon, silicon, and assembly areas. This is related to the heavy asset chain, higher prior input, and a technology that upgrades the fast-changing and technologically diverse links, leading to a higher degree of fragmentation of the battery chain as the field evolves.
After that, companies like Tung Wai and Aishu began to expand their battery chain capacity significantly, and battery chain concentration began to increase. According to the China Road Map for the Development of the Photovoltaic Industry, published by cpia, the output of batteries nationwide in 2018 was about 87.2gw, an increase of 21.1% compared to the previous year, increasing faster than the full speed of the PV: 12 companies with battery plates above 2gw, accounted for 53.4% of the total production, and the concentration increased further;
In 2019, the national production of battery tablets increased by 108.6gw, or 24.54 per cent, compared with the previous year.
In 2010, Tungwee solar energy was established for the development, production, and operation of battery tablets; in 2013, 870 million yuan was purchased for heavy-combined fertilizer caviar, which was officially launched. By the end of 2015, 2.4gw production capacity had been built. In 2015, the Tungdu production base was built. The 1gw production line was launched in 2016. In 2018, the company built the largest single-body single-size, high-efficiency silicon solar cell project in the world.
In the third quarter of the year, the company produced 12gw of high-efficiency solar cell capacity, which was about 6gw in the first half of 2019, an increase of about 97%. According to pvinfo, the shares of the Tungwee have been the first in three consecutive years in a row in a series of global battery plate output, with single crystals perc electricity in 2019.
In March 2019, the company launched the four-phase and one-phase high-efficiency silicon cell projects, which are expected to be completed successively by the end of 2019 and the first half of 2020, with a 20gw capacity in 2019.
In order to continuously enhance the company’s core competitiveness and consolidate its industrial advantage, the company has been working on a research and development team that is dominated by leading experts in the industry, as well as the passivation of the back of the Atomic Sediment, selective firing process, multi-crystal black silicon process, double-faced batteries, multi-frontier technology, heterogeneous silicon technology,
There are currently 207 patent applications and validly authorized patents, of which 20 are patented, 187 are functionally new, and 31 are copyrighted to software. It is also apparent from the major manufacturers’ extension programs that Tungwee shares have been dominated by single-crystal batteries for two years, and far more than other manufacturers.
One of the major advantages of a company battery is its refined management and cost-control capabilities, which, based on shares sales data, have been reduced to 0.306 yuan/w per year, a decrease of 18.6 per cent, with an average non-silicon cost of about 0.34 yuan/w for the monocrystal perc industry in 2018, and are expected to fall to 0.31 and 0.30 yuan/w by 2019 and 2020, with the company ' s nonsilicon cost leading industry for more than a year.
In the first half of 2019, a large number of single crystal perc batteries in the country were able to produce and release their capacity, falling down all the way from $1.29/w to $0.95/w, while the price of single crystal silicon tablets remained essentially unchanged during the same period, and many battery businesses in the industry were already in a state of loss.
At the interest rate level, in 2020, the company plans to invest 15gw high-efficiency perc battery product lines in the Golden Hall, using all 12 in 210 design specifications. As large silicon silicon is expected to fall to 0.18/w, and continue to lead the global battery industry significantly, thereby reaping additional over-benefits.
The next generation of battery technology hjt national production leads the company also has the advantage of being efficient and active in the production of hex-efficient batteries, which have the obvious advantages of conversion efficiency, weak light response, low light decay, and a hex-efficient cell with a natural double-face nature and its back.
Face efficiency can be as high as 95% of the positive rate, and heterogeneous ligature technology is widely regarded by industry as leading the next generation of battery film technology. Companies invest some R & D costs in major technologies such as heterolysis, topcon, polycrystal (silicon + silicon mine) and are pre-positioned in the direction of heterosics, the new and highly efficient energy (Changa) Ltd., a joint venture with the Shanghai Microsystem of the Chinese Academy and the Trinity Gorge Capital.
Project I 200mw for the industrialization of solar cells in Luxhj, which was launched in May 2019, and project I for research and development in the company on 20 June, which produced 400 mw in test-line production at the end of 2019.
At present, N-type technologies are less than perc in terms of productivity, technological and equipment maturity, efficiency/price value ratio, and more than 25-30gw perc capacity is still expanding, but perc will encounter a bottleneck of efficiency after 2019 increases the conversion efficiency to 23 per cent, p-multi-crystal/single-crystal batteries will be less and more limited in their ability to upgrade, and will need to be combined with perc+ or topcon technology, as well as assembly technology.
The Division will be looking at the next generation of technical hetero-hjt batteries. The hjt technology, based on semiconductor sedimentation plating processes, has the advantage of higher efficiency potential, higher double face-to-face rates and lower and better temperature coefficients, simplified process steps, positive corporate layout of new technologies, such as hjt, and companies take the lead in the country with Jekwei, shareholding, etc.
Domestic battery equipment companies have cooperated in research and development to combat the technical difficulties of hjt and to promote national production and efficiency of the hjt battery line. It is planned to build 15gw high-efficiency hjt battery line in the Chengdu Golden Hall II project, which is currently the largest single-line production capacity and scale of hjt in the world, and the shares of the Convergence have become the lead and promoter of the national production of hjt volume.
5. Sub-business profitability projections and valuations, based on the company ' s future productive capacity plan and market demand, are assumed to sell 6.64, 8.33 and 12.83 million tons of polysilicon shares in 2019-2021, respectively, of which 4.72, 7.5 and 115.5 million tons of single crystals are sold in silicon, 10.5, 21 and 31gw are sold in single crystal batteries, multi-crystal batteries.
(b) Increased competition in the industry, with company-to-market and Māori ratios falling short of expected risks.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City