From the oci exit capacity to see the new planning meaning of Tonway's shares (600438.sh) the shares of Tonway as a domestic photovoltile head now hold 80,000 tons of silicon and 20gw battery chips.
On February 13th, 2020, silicon material continued to drop firmly, in line with single crystals and n-type developments.
As of 22 to 290,000 tons, the current level of single crystal silicon in products is 85 to 90%, and the company's cost strategy of 543 has been achieved and is moving towards the goal of 432. The ratio of N material will be increased to 40 to 80% in the future.
In 2023, battery film production was planned to reach 80 to 100gw, and 20 billion dollars were invested in the construction of a 30gw battery line. New production lines would include perc+, topcon, hjt, etc., with all the series 210 and below.
At the end of supply: domestic capacity-building has already peaked, and the supply of oci production has been withdrawn. On the domestic front, our silicon taps have significantly expanded their low-cost silicon production capacity in 2018-2019, with little at the present time being added.
On the overseas side, Oci’s mountain plant has announced the withdrawal of 520,000 tons of photovoltaic polysilica. At the end of demand: silicon silicon is built in 2020, and silicon demand is stable.
Nearly 55gw, bringing the total output capacity to 180 - 190gw, with a significant increase in the demand for silicon. Oci's withdrawal from Korea's photovoltile polysilica capacity has far-reaching implications for the industry. As a result of poor performance, this capacity will be converted to the production of electron polysilica.
Since 531 in 2018, China’s market has seen a massive contraction, which has had a negative impact on supply chain prices, and a sharp fall in the price of multi-crysilium. China’s silicon producers have expanded their production to increase competition in the industry.
Anti-dumping measures have been implemented against South Korea’s multi-crystal silicon. Since January 20, 2020, anti-dumping duties on South Korea’s solar-grade polycrystal silicon have continued to be imposed, reducing the competitiveness of the Oci multi-crysil silicon product.
We believe that the withdrawal of Oci light-voltage polysilicon capacity means the lowest self-sustaining silicon in the four chains, that the rate of national substitution is accelerating, and that our country, thanks to the integration of supply and demand, as well as to its very large-scale advantages and technological overlaps, will achieve real absolute control in the light-voltted polysilica field.
Investment Recommendations: We expect corporate revenues of $34.85 billion in 2019-2021, 46.1 billion yuan, 1. Tungwei Quarterly Report: Performance meets expectations. 1. Silicon supply will enter the China-dominated model.
1.1 Cost advantage shapes our multi-crystal silicon moat, which, after three consecutive years of rapid growth in 2015-2017, entered the platform period from 2018 to 19 with the pressure of a global trend towards photovoltaic parity.
During this period, EU member States are striving to achieve binding national renewable energy targets by 2020, with our photovoltaic policy landing ahead of schedule, accelerated project construction, and an accelerated pace of global photovoltaic industry growth by 2020. We expect global photovoltaic loads to reach 130-150gw in 2020, based on the following assumptions.
The global demand for polycrystal silicon in 2020 is 40 to 470,000 tons. The proportion of thin membrane components will reach 5% in 2020, the proportion of monocrystals will rise, and the share of single crystal silicon components is expected to reach 64% and the ratio of polycrystal components to 31%.
3 g/w for the production of monocrystal components, which consumes 3.5 g/w silicon, weighted to produce an average consumption of 3.2g/w silicon, and we have calculated that the global demand for polycrystal silicon in 2020 is 40 to 470,000 tons.
By 2019, firms could be ranked as having high or low capacity, and the big offshore plants, Oci and Wacker, are on the edge of the demand zone. Both have the advantage of high-quality products, but due to production costs constraints, they are facing high price pressures in the light-voltage price era, and silicons are still facing high price pressures today.
Polycrystal silicon production is characterized by a very significant after-effect advantage. Recent advances in silicon production technology and the choice of low-priced regions for silicon taps have given our large-scale silicon-sourced enterprises a cost advantage in terms of the scale of technology and production.
Upgraded, while some small enterprises have limited production capacity for secret materials due to limited technological levels, liquidity, etc., high costs, low profit margins, and are also at risk of exit from the market.
As our multi-crystal silicon production capacity continues to grow and new production capacity is based on low-cost production in the interior of Mongolia, Xinjiang and Sichuan regions, increasing supply-side competitiveness, our share of global multi-crystal silicon capacity has risen from 61.7 per cent in 2018 to 67.7 per cent in 2019, with the withdrawal of overseas capacity, such as Oci, this.
In 2019, global silicon producers, with a weighted average conversion level of about $61/kg, can control silicon tap producers in China, Great China, East Hope, etc., within 52 yuan/kg. The global average could be expected to drop to 53 yuan/kg in 2020, with the country’s head enterprises at a minimum below $40/kg.
This capacity is the basis on which our multi-crystal silicon industry can continue to do its best. The proportion of our multi-crystal silicon imports is decreasing.
However, as technical barriers are broken, domestic production is on the rise, and the demand for silicons is increasing, but imports are decreasing, replacing domestic production.
The high cost of silicon production in the Republic of Korea is highlighted in the context of the rapid expansion of low-cost domestic production capacity, with Germany ' s wacker and South Korea ' s occi producing capacity permanently globally among the top three, and our share of imports of silicon from Korea amounted to 49.7 per cent in 2016.
At a disadvantage, the share of imports declined sharply, falling to 33.7% in the first 11 months of 2019, and the closure of the Korean factory led to a significant reduction in the number of silicon imports in Korea, leading to a reduction in the domestic supply market. Although the share of silicon imports from South Korea is shrinking, it remains significant in absolute terms, on average, for a single month.
Imports amount to about 4,000 tons. We believe that, with the withdrawal of Oci Korea's mountain capacity, Korea's export of photovoltaic-grade polycrystals will lose its silicon advantage, and this part of the market will be occupied by Chinese manufacturers in the future. 1.2 Supply and demand contribute to the recovery of silicon prices.
During the last two years, the technology for silicon production has improved and cost optimized, along with a rapid expansion of production capacity, and the price of silicon has continued to decline.The average market price for domestic multi-crystal vegetable flowers is now 51 yuan/kg, the average market price for secret materials is 73 yuan/kg in 2018, and the annual market price for cuisine is 30.1 per cent lower than the average market price of 73 yuan/kg at the beginning of 2019 and 30.1 per cent lower than at the beginning of 2018.
At the domestic level, we have significantly expanded the production of low-cost silicon from 2018 onwards, and most of the new production was completed in 2019, with virtually no additional silicon production capacity overseas at this stage.
On the other hand, Oci’s mountain plant has announced the withdrawal of photovoltaic polysilica capacity, which will reduce production capacity by 52,000 tons, or about 8 per cent of the industry’s capacity, and our average monthly import of over 4,000 tons of silicon from South Korea, which will further reduce industry supply and reduce the oversupply of silicon.
At the end of the demand: Silicon silicon silicon construction year 2020, with steady demand for silicon material. At the trend of increasing monocrystal penetration, silicon millers are actively expanding their new capacity, with a large number of production sites to be reached in 2020, Lungi (from 36gw to 65gw), Central Ring (from 30gw to 45gw), Crystal (from 13gw to 18gw)
It will contribute to the major new monocrysil silicon production capacity, which is expected to be close to 55gw in 2020, bringing the total yield of monocrysil silicon production to 180 to 190gw. The release of monocrysil silicon production capacity will inevitably result in a significant increase in demand for silicon and a significant impact on stabilizing silicon prices.
2.oci silicon production reduced and improved supply end 2.1 light-voltted multi-crystal silicon operations held up the company's performance ocicocompanyld. established in 1959 as a Korea-based chemical company with four lines of industry.
The basic chemistry: including polysilica, h2o2, chlor-alkali, which accounts for 43% of the company ' s total revenues in 2019, is the company ' s largest foreign market.
Big business, but less profitable, drags on the company ' s overall performance, with petrochemicals and carbon materials: tdi, carbon black, asphalt, benzene, p/a, plasticizers, fsvip, etc., accounting for 40 per cent of the company ' s head office, the company ' s second largest business.
Energy solutions: solar photovoltaic power stations, thermal power plants, etc., account for 14% of the company ' s total revenues; others: biology, trade, etc., account for 3% of the company ' s total revenues.
Figure 8: In 2019, the Oci battalion split up according to business The company split up 2.6 trillion won (equivalent to RMB 154 billion) in 2019, but was burdened by delays in basic chemical operations, with operating profits of only RMB 1.07 billion, of which the basic chemical business performed the worst, operating in 2019.
Roughly - 1.36 billion yuan. The financial pressure on the basic chemical business has led to a major restructuring of the company’s strategy, which will stop Korea’s photovoltile multi-crystal silicon capacity and transform it into an electronic multi-crystal silicon that can supply semiconductors.
2.2Oci will withdraw from Korea's photovoltile polycrystal silicon business Oci in the field of photovoltile polycrysil, owns two factories located in the Korean mountain (gunsan) and Shamalae, Malaysia, with a total capacity of 79,000 tons, which is at the forefront of the world.
• Korean Tsunsan Oci plant: 5,000 tonnes/year of multi-crystal silicon capacity completed in December 2007, expanded 2nd and 3rd plants completed in 2009 and 2010, and increased production of 10,000 tonnes/year through plant 3 engineering improvement (production process improvement) in 2015 to achieve a total capacity of 52,000 tonnes/year.
Malaysia’s Shamala-Oci plant: built in 2011 by Tokuyama, Japan, and $98 million in September 2016 to buy ownership of the plant, which is less expensive to produce because it can obtain cheap electricity from nearby hydroelectric plants.
With 27,000 tonnes per year, Oci’s most heavily dependent photovoltaic-scale polysilica business has been showing a sharp decline in recent years, mainly because of the continuing fall in the price of multisilicon. Korea’s industrial electricity bill has increased by 71% since 2009 and the company’s mountain factories have produced it.
The price of multi-crystal silicon fell by 58%, while the price of multi-crystal silicon fell by 87%. Although production costs are also falling, the cost of industrial electricity is still on the rise and the price of multi-crysilium silicon cannot be reversed.
Since 531 in 2018, China’s market has seen a very narrow harvest, with 2018h2, and China’s light-voltage capacity of only 18.4gw and 26.8gw in 2019, compared with 53gw in 2017.
China’s silicon producers have expanded their production significantly to increase competition in the industry. Tonway (60 million new tons at the end of 2018), Datang (35,000 new tons in 2019), Eastern Hope (50,000 new tons in 2019), and New Special Energy (2019).
China’s silicon producers, represented by the new 36,000 tons) and silicon (60,000 tons by the end of 2018), expanded significantly in 2018-2019, increasing competition in the silicon sector and further lowering the price of silicon.
Korea ' s imports of solar-grade polysilicon are subject to final anti-dumping measures for a period of five years from 20 January 2014. On 21 November 2017, the Ministry of Commerce decided to adjust the anti-dumping rate on imports of solar-grade polysilicon originating in Korea, which was raised from 2.4 per cent to 4.4 per cent on 18 January 2019.
The Ministry decided to conduct an end-of-term review of the investigation, and in January the State Department’s Tariffs and Tax Committee decided that, with effect from January 20, 2020, anti-dumping duties would continue to be imposed on the imported solar-grade polycrystal silicon originating in the United States and South Korea for a period of five years. This meant that the export of Oci polycrysil silicon products to China would be less cost-effective.
On the basis of the difficulties encountered by the current mountain-level polysilicon, Oci has decided to restructure its operations by restructuring the Korea mountain-scale polysilicon capacity into electronic-grade polysilicon, with the goal of restarting the portion of its capacity in 2020q2 for the production of electronic-grade polysilicon and upgrading it to 50,000 tons in 2022.
Silicon market, Oci will remain focused on East Asian markets: Korea and Taiwan: the main customer is the top five crystal circle manufacturers. * China: develop in line with the internal target of 75% supply by 2025 of small- and medium-sized semiconductor crystals.
(currently less than 20%) and promote sales through the existing Oci distribution network. Japan: Despite high stock levels in multi-crystal silicon, existing long-term purchase contracts hold high prices, increasing the profitability of high-quality but unit-priced products.
With the restructuring of the silicon capacity in the mountains, Malaysian factories will become the main light-volatile silicon production capacity of Oci. This capacity is not subject to our anti-dumping duties on Korea, and has lower costs than in South Korea itself.
• Production costs are planned to be further reduced by 16 per cent by 2019 at the Malaysian plant through fixed cost reductions and adaptation of ps1 • by 2020, with a focus on variable sources, raw materials, and optimized facilities operating conditions to increase production by 10 per cent compared to 2019.
Figure 12: Oci Malaysian plant downside road map, we believe that the withdrawal of Oci mountain plant photovoltile multi-crystal silicon capacity means the lowest self-sustaining silicon in the four chains, the accelerated rate of national production substitution, the integration of the country with supply and demand, and a very high degree of scale
Strengths, technological overlaps, will achieve real absolute control in the light-volatile polycrystal silicon sector.
The company released its latest development plan, 2020-2023, which aims to raise silicon production capacity to 22-290,000 tons by 2023, and battery production to 80-100gw by 2023, reaching the goal of 40-50% of the world’s cities in the region. We believe that the company is gradually taking off from the glaze of competition.
In addition, with the gradual upgrading from domestic to global poles, new planning will add momentum to the company's development, silicon continues to be firmly reduced in line with single crystals and n-type developments. In the company's current product structure, single crystalline silicon accounts for 85 to 90%, leading the industry in terms of technology and cost of high-purity silicon extraction.
The proposed “543” cost strategy has been achieved, and technological R & D and management models are being improved towards the “432” goal. In terms of cost structure, energy and raw materials costs are the bulk of the production costs of silicon, with energy, the most important of which is the cost of electricity.
The future product will increase the share of the n-type material to 40-80% depending on the market demand. Battery film planning reflects flexibility and efficiency is the final direction. The company has announced that it will build 30gw battery lines in Chengdu County, with an investment of $4 billion each in phase I and phase II, with 7.5gw, three and four, respectively.
The project will be launched by March 2020 and will be ready for production in 2021. For new production lines, the Department will consider a variety of high-efficiency battery technologies, including perc+, topcon, hjt, etc., and will be compatible in size.
210 and all of the following series (including 166, 163, 158, 156, etc.) reflect the flexibility of corporate planning and its ability to adapt to rapid changes in technology in the photovoltaic industry.
The new plans announced by the Tonway shares reflect the firm’s determination to move forward as the world’s leader, while, over the years, our photovoltaic enterprises have demonstrated the advantages of our industrial chain, manufacturing capacity, vast markets, and have been able, by standardizing and lowering costs, to create world-class manufacturing centres. Oci Korea’s photovoltile multi-crystal silicon energy.
The exit significantly improved the supply pattern of silicon, opened the industry to shuffling, and our future firms in the multi-crystal silicon field will step forward to expand their advantages and create more world leaders. There are large policy fluctuations, output failures, and large increases in raw material prices.
A research assistant who has worked for three years in the energy industry has been involved in nuclear power, fire power, oil and gas, and new energy projects. There is a deep understanding of the entire industrial chain in the energy sector, with extensive experience in areas such as analysis of the cost of electricity projects, industrial policy research, etc.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or solicitation of the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.