Trinasol (688599ch) For the first time covered: photovoltage of old-fashioned components to accelerate the integration of productive capacity building, accelerating constructionofindicatedcapacitation: initiation
The view focus is investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forengrishsummary) which is the leader of the old photovoltaic component, accelerating integrated productive capacity-building.
Realising business income of 85.1 billion yuan, an increase of 91 per cent in the same year; 23q1, a gain of 21.3 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 40 per cent in the same year. In 2022, a net return to the mother of 3.68 billion yuan, an increase of 104 per cent in the same year, a decrease of 21 per cent in the ring of the same year; and 23q1, a net return to the mother of 1.77 billion yuan in the same year.
As the price of silicon falls, the profits of the integrated components are expected to be restored. Looking back, in the past few years, the profits of the integrated components have been depressed by the high price of silicon.
Down with the grid, the profits of the integration component are expected to be restored. We measure the 2022 Topcon Dragon, Jingao, Lungi, Sky together with a single-watt net profit of 6 cents, 14 cents, 15 cents, accelerated integrated capacity-building, and a single-watt net profit is expected to increase. The integration model is now in place.
For the purpose of a common choice for a head assembly plant, there is currently no pure component enterprise at the head assembly plant, and the integration model is trending. The integration rate of the main component plants is currently 80% left and right. In 2023, the coronation will add 50gw crystals and silicon production capacity, and the silicon will be profitable.
The net interest rate of the Māori rate is expected to rise in 2023. The current silicon ring is expected to capture the profits from the fall in the price of silicon, and the single-watt net profit of the integrated component is expected to expand the product matrix horizontally, and operations are synergetic.
Synergy, with full sharing of resources such as corporate global supply chain systems, global distribution layouts, etc. Rapid market opening. 1) Distributive operations: creation of the brand of “By Rich” and “Blue Sky” with a market share at the forefront of the industry; 2) Tracking support: fast entry based on overseas acquisitions.
A global front-line brand; equipped with hyperpower components, the SkyTrack products can add to the power generation of the terminal power plant system. 3) Storage operations: a joint venture with the company completed 16gw core capacity at the end of the year; storage capacity passed 2gwh in 2022.
The first integrated component leads, and it is expected that with the lower price of silicon, single-watt profits will continue to evolve to be rated as “good dry market.” Risks: new technology research and development is not as fast as expected; productive capacity is not as fast as expected; industry competition is expected.
The pattern is deteriorating; the price of raw materials is rising.