Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) as against +255.38 per cent; net return profit of 7.254 million as compared with +14.17 per cent; net profit of non-retroactive return
In the reporting period, the growth in the company’s business performance was mainly due to the higher volume and price of lithium products.
22H1 company lithium series yields $12.137 billion, i.e. +309.93 per cent for the same year, 84.03 per cent for the same year, 68.37 per cent for the same year, and a further increase in the contribution of lithium salt products to performance.
Compared to +431.97%, ring ratio + 8.31%; h1 battery class lithium hydroxide at an average cost of 43.12 million yuan/tonne; 2) volume: companies are on a production slope, capacity utilization is increasing and the overall volume of movable property is increasing. Total sales of lithium salt are lower in the first half of the year as a result of the transformation of the mtmarion mine and the epidemic.
In anticipation, however, with the gradual completion of the expansion of the mines, the release of tons of lithium salt and the lifting of the internal and external epidemic blockade, the company's sales of lithium salt during the second half of 2022 continued to add codes to the whole chain of lithium production, effectively synergizing the plates.
1) Upstream lithium resources: the company has continued to acquire lithium resources globally and has acquired 62 per cent of the share in the pine-coated tantalum mine (1.49 million tonnes of lce) project through the new leftover mining industry; completed the distribution of shares in the Lithium Monument Project in Mali (388,000 tonnes of lce) and obtained 50 per cent of the share in the Malian lithium industry;
The offer for Bacanora is at the end and currently holds a 100 per cent interest in the sonora (8.82 million lce) lithium clay project; the mtmarion (2.42 million) lithium quartz project is expected to expand to 900,000 tons in 2022 after upgrading the ore treatment.
Year. The company now has a combined lithium resource of 57,999 million tonnes of lce and an equity resource of 3,37.9 million tonnes of lce, which will be enriched in the future as exploration continues. 2) Lithium salt processing in midstream: more than 100,000 tonnes of lce lithium salt production line, hydrogen oxidation are now in place
Lithium, lithium carbonate, lithium metal, lithium high carbonate, and other lithium salt have an effective capacity of 8.1, 2.6, 0.215, 0.5, 1.45 million tons, respectively. The company continues to deepen its lithium salt production profile: 1 overseas, 1.
A single module commissioning exercise was initiated in August for the caucharilaroz lithium salt lake production of 40,000 tons of carbonate per year, with the expected gradual release of capacity between the end of 2022 and the first half of 2023; and Mariana 2. Continued deepening of the industrial chain layout and accelerated performance
Construction of the salt fields for the lithium salt lake project was officially initiated and purchase orders for key equipment were completed.2 On the domestic front, the first part of the 10,000 tons of pure lithium salt project (Mahun IV) was completed and piloted, while the latter part is under construction; and the wholly-funded subsidiary Hebei is 6,000 tonnes/year carbon.
Lithium acid production lines are being upgraded; the company plans to produce 0.70 tons of lithium metal and lithium in instalments to provide security for future global solid-state battery technology in Jiangxi-Yu, Qing Haixi State, super thin lithium belts, high-quality lithium metal products.
The supply capacity for lithium products produced annually at 300,000 tonnes of lce is expected to develop in the future a supply capacity for lithium products of no less than 600,000 tonnes of lce. 3) Lower-stream lithium batteries: an additional 21.3 billion are planned to be invested in the construction of a new lithium battery breeder, 6gwh per year.
The production project, the 2 billion small polymer lithium batteries produced annually, the 5gwh-new lithium battery expansion project in Jiangxi and the 10gwh-new lithium battery expansion project in Chongqing for Chongqing are expected to increase significantly the profitability of the company when all projects are successfully put into operation.
4. Lithium battery recovery: full capital subsidiary recycling technology has resulted in 70,000 tons of decommissioned lithium ion batteries and integrated metal waste recovery capacity, with combined lithium recovery rates of more than 90 per cent, nickel and cobalt metal recovery of more than 95 per cent of lithium and waste, the largest in the country, with integrated battery treatment capabilities
One of the top three battery recycling companies in the power industry. The future cycle technology will expand the production capacity of the pre-triple drive project, enabling companies to build a recycling ecological chain for lithium products that responds to carbon-neutral and carbon-reduced risks, lower demand for lithium salt, less than expected downstream, less progress on the project, overseas policy.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.