The Lithium Industry (002460.sz) — semi-annual reviews. Lithium resource construction is progressing steadily, accelerating the layout of the lithium battery business.
Financial data: 1 company had a margin of 778 million yuan in net profit and non-net profit earned in the first half of the year, mainly held financial assets resulting in a fair value change loss of around $800 million; 2 closed-ring lithium ecosystems for the construction of a global diversified lithium resource layout for the first half of the year
Upstream lithium resources: first half of the year, the company ' s 1 new and surplus mine acquired 62 per cent of the share in the pine-coated tantalum mine project; 2 completed the distribution of shares in the Mali gooulamina lithium quartz project; 3 completed the offer acquisition of Bacanora; 4mtmarion lithium quartz project upgraded its ore disposal capacity.
By the end of 2022, the existing lithium concentrate mineral could be expanded to 900,000 tonnes/year. Lithium-salt deep processing: the company's overall sales of lithium salt in the first half of the year fell somewhat below expectations, mainly in terms of mtmarion ore production and grade.
Some of the products are delivered with delays. The sales of lithium salt are expected to increase in the second half of the year. There is also the ability to supply lithium from lce.
The construction of a new lithium battery project with an annual production rate of 5 gwhh has been increased to 10 gwh, and the construction of a new lithium battery plant and an advanced battery research institute has been increased to an annual production level in Chongqing.
20gwh; 2 GWL is proposed to build a new 6gwhith year with no more than RMB 3.5 billion in its own capital.
“The Lithium Industry - 002460-2021 performance forecast: year-round performance is bright, and the renminbi is building a 2 billion small polymer lithium battery project.
250 million tws lithium ion batteries project. " The lithium industry - 002460-2021 mid-point evaluation: Lithium salt products increased in volume, achieving investment recommendation: higher profit forecast, maintenance of “buy-in” rating.
The Division, which is capable of reverse expansion at the bottom of the industry, has built closed-ring lithium ecosystems with a large number of high-quality lithium resource layouts worldwide, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Upstream lithium resources: first half of the year, company 1 acquired the pine-coated tantalum mine project through the new residual mine.
62 per cent equity; 2 50 per cent ownership of the Lithium Lithite project completed in Mali; 3 offer acquisition of Bacanora is at the end of the contract and the company now holds 100 per cent interest in the Bacanora company and the solona Lithium clay project; 4 ore is carried out by the titmarion Lithite project due to tight supply of lithium concentrates
The upgrading of the production capacity led to the expansion of existing lithium concentrate minerals to 900,000 tons/year by the end of 2022. Lithium salt deep processing operations: the company now has more than 100,000 tons of lce lithium salt production capacity, and the tons of lithium salt plant has become the world’s largest lithium salt production base.
In the short term, owing to the need for the expansion of the mtmarion mine, the impact of the over-exploitation of the upper layers of the new mine and the shortage of labour due to the new Australian crown epidemic, there has been a recent decline in the production of mtmarion ore and in grade.
With the gradual completion of the conversion and expansion of the mine at mtmarion, the release of tons of lithium salt, the release of additional lithium salt production and the gradual lifting of the internal and external disease blockade, the company’s lithium salt in the second half of 2022 produced a total of at least 600,000 tons of lithium product supply capacity per year, including ore lithium, halogic lithium, and clay.
Production capacity such as lithium and recovery of lithium. Construction of a new production line for the lithium salt deep processing operation: 10 million tons of high-purity lithium salt (Mahun IV) pre-pistal component has been completed and piloted and the latter part is under construction; 40,000 tons of lithium salt lake 2cuuchari-olaroz is produced annually
The Lithium Carbonate project is under construction, and the project began in August with the commissioning of a single module, pending completion of the commissioning exercise, which is expected to result in the gradual release of capacity between the end of 2022 and the first half of 2023; construction of the salt fields for the 3mariana lithium salt lake project has been officially initiated and the procurement of key equipment has been completed; 4 companies are fully equipped
The company's 6,000-ton/year lithium carbonate production line is being upgraded; the company's 5 companies are currently operating in Jiangxi Ying, Qing Haixi State's superbly thin lithium belt, high-quality metal lithium product production line for future global solid-state battery technology Lower-stream lithium battery business: the company is now established in Shin Yu, Dongjong, Ningbo, Su, Hyeju, Chongqing, etc.
Lithium Batteries Development and Production Base. The company also issued an announcement: 1 new technology industry development project for titanium electric power generation, 5gwh a year, to 10 gwh, and a new lithium battery technology park and advanced battery research institute project for 10gwh per year in the Xinjiang district of Chongqing to 20 gwh per year; 2 kroner
Lithium electricity is proposed to be built in a new lithium battery production project with no more than RMB 3.5 billion per annum;3 the new lithium electronics company is proposed to be built in a small lithium polymer battery project with no more than RMB 2 billion per annum from its own capital, and a 250 million tws lithium ion battery project is planned for the first phase of the project.
Financial data: 1 company had a net profit margin of 778 million yuan in the first half of the year and net profit deductions, mainly because the financial assets held generated a fair value change loss of around $800 million; 2 companies reported a reverse expansion in the bottom of the industry as of the second half of the year and built a closed lithium ecosystem, with many high-quality ecosystems worldwide.
(a) Lithium resource layout, which maintains the “buy-in” rating.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author