Lithium Industry: Continue to strengthen the strategic tension of vertical integration, with the company ' s performance of 2022h1 rising exponentially. The company ' s operating income increased significantly, mainly because of the increase in the volume of lithium salt products, with the company 2022h1 operating income of 12,137 million lithium salt.
The price of battery-grade lithium 2022h1 increased by 45.38 million yuan per ton, compared to 4.55 times the same increase, and the price of lithium uplifted the company’s performance.
From quarter to quarter, the lithium industry has fallen by 14.61 pct and 37.08 pct, mainly in the price of lithium quartz.
In the future, as the mtmarion mine upgrades and the lithium industry: q4 achieves a higher than expected growth, the company is expected to move beyond the cost of the rise in the price of lithium.
Lithium industry: q1's performance has risen in step with the price of lithium, and the company is increasing its control over resources and moving the pace of resource-building forward.
Four lithium resources of rock, salt lakes, lithium clay and lithium cloud mothers and increasing equity control over the resources (2022.04.27). The company ' s offer to Bacanora in the first half of 2022 is nearing completion and is now in the public domain.
The Division held 100 per cent of the shares in the bacaora company and the soora lithium clay (882,000 tons of lce resources) project; the company completed the completion of the Mali gooulamina lithium quartz (38.97 million lce resources) project and obtained 50 per cent of the shares in the Malian lithium industry; and the company passed the new surplus.
The mining industry has acquired 62% of the share in the pine-coated tantalum mine (1.949 million tonnes of resources). The main project currently under construction is the mtmarion lithium lithite upgrade project, which plans to expand the lithium concentrate to 900,000 tonnes/year by the end of 2022, while Golumina will have one year.
The production of 506,000 tons of lithium concentrate project is also under active preparation. Lithium salt tap expansion continues unabated, and cauchari-olaroz salt lake is expected to start production in the course of the year.
The company currently produces 2.6, 8.1, 0.215 million tons of lithium carbonate, 8.1 million tons of lithium hydroxide, and a total of 1950,000 tons of high, pure carbonate, lithium chloride, etc. The company is actively promoting the lithium salt project.
Construction, construction and pilot production of the pre-burning part of the 400-ton high lithium salt project in Mahun, and construction of the portion of the Sinda Securities Company Limited; and the 40,000-ton lithium carbonate annual production of the cauchari-olaroz lithium salt lake have been completed
In August, itd began a single module debugging exercise, and the company is expected to move gradually from late 2022 to the first half of 2023.
Release of productive capacity; construction of salt field facilities initiated by the Mariana lithium salt lake phase 20,000 tons of lithium chloride, and purchase orders for critical equipment completed; 6,000 tons of lithium carbonate production line in Hebei, which is being upgraded; company ultra thin lithium belts, high in Jiangxi Ying Yiyu, Qing Haixi State layout
The company plans to develop a supply capacity for lithium products of no less than 600,000 tons per year by 2030, which will include ore lithium and halogen water.
The company relies on lithium resources to build \triangleright.
The company plans to invest an additional $20.3 billion in the construction of a new lithium battery project in 6gwh, a 2 billion small polymer lithium battery project and an upgrade to the facility.
The project for the production of a new lithium battery with a capacity of 30 gwh (planned for 15 gwh). The company's extensive involvement in the development of technology in the field of global frontier solid-state batteries has produced a range of technical results, while maintaining technology in the field of phosphate lithium cell system, high-pressure platform polymer fast charge technology, etc.
Lithium salt prices are expected to run high. In the short and medium term, lithium prices are still on the upward trend, in the second half.
The year was a good season for the consumption of new energy vehicles, and demand was likely to grow at a higher rate than expected, while the supply of lithium resources was being tested, considering that it was difficult to predict the climb cycles and shipping cycles of new production capacity, that the Australian lithium mine was affected by the epidemic, that the annual lithium mine and the new projects were less advanced than expected, and that the Lithium Delta Lake project in South America was more advanced than expected.
In 2023, production can only be contributed, so we think that in 2022 the supply of lithium resources is still scarce, and lithium prices are likely to remain above current prices. In the long run, the accelerated expansion cycle of capital spending on mineral resources in this round began in 2021, and the conversion cycle of capital spending on metal resources is normal.
Constrainted with a resonance of demand in the area of new energy vehicles and storage, lithium prices will maintain the high rate of progress in the lithium salt and lithium resource project, as well as the expansion of lithium batteries, while the downstream new energy vehicle domain continues to enjoy a sustained “buy-in” rating for companies.
Risk factors: The company ' s lithium industry-related projects have not grown as much as expected; new energy automobile production has not increased as expected; lithium resource production has released higher expectations; and lithium prices are at risk of falling. Rainbow, George Washington University, Master of Finance, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2020 for research on precious metals and small metals.
White Purple, Master of Regional Economics, Gilling University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2021 for research on new sources of metals, such as light metals such as zirconium and lithium cobalt. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.