Equity incentives are given to management to work together on the expansion of silicon business I. The company proposes to raise no more than $1.35 billion for employee holdings. The company proposes to raise no more than $1.350 billion for 12 senior company directors.
The sharelock is regularly set at 12 months. This employee holding plan is capped at 30%, with the rest reserved for the highest/minimum share of nearly 12 months.
• Incident II: Joint crystallography cross-share silicon silicon, silicon operations, companies participating in the 15gw silicon silicon project at 30% equity ratio; crystal energy participating in the 450,000 silicon multi-silicon project at 35% equity ratio.
The company purchased 6.5gw silicon products from the crystals, for a period of 2021 to more than one time, and the industrial chain was constantly expanding up and down, together with Lungi and Sky, to expand silicon through equity participation and joint ventures.
Silicon, battery, and assembly operations. Joint expansion is one of the ways in which silicon silicon, components, is quickly cut. The whole layout of the company’s industrial chain helps to reduce business risks and smooth the business’s profits.
Silicon expansion has a long, high investment cycle, a high entry threshold guaranteed a stable pattern, high costs abroad, and firms are withdrawing, leading to an increase in concentration. This year, silicon production is less productive, supply is tight, and the company is expected to benefit directly. The company’s short-term profits are significantly improved, and the company’s leader is seen in the long run.
The impact of the epidemic is exacerbated by the strong position of cost-consistency effectively contributing to the expansion of the productive capacity of companies and the rise in the city’s share. Demand and price increases have fallen short of expectations; the resumption of work abroad has fallen short of expectations; and the impact of the epidemic has increased.
Downward pressure on rising prices, price pressure will affect the emerging trend of terminal fragmentation, short-term volatility and long-term trends.
Shareholdings: Silicon Batteries double-sourced, low-cost plus rapid expansion 2020-08-10 Mass, Mass China, Teco Electronics.
Contact person: Sheng Yi, three years of buyer's industry research experience, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering wind and light voltage plates, new energy vehicles and traditional vehicles. Contact person: Beyeda, Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, National Scholarship and Work at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States of America, six years of lithium electricity.
Research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain. The information and information used in this report, using legal compliance information, is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in it will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.