Tungwei shares (600438) Staff ownership plans show confidence, silicon expansion re-pacing 10/0221.
(a) Tungwee signed a strategic agreement with Crystal, 30 per cent of Tungwee's participation in the new 15gw silicon tablets project, 35 per cent of TKW's participation in the new Silicon Silicon project, and the actual output of silicon, silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicy sili)
Signing of a three-year total of about 6.5gw silicon silicon silicon rolls. 2) Tonway launched a 2021-2023 employee holding scheme, where employees of the company subscribe to and invest in tons +, with production of 2 000 tons in 21 q4 Mt. 35,000 in 21 and 40,000 tons in Baoshan (Lonki shares project); 450,000 tons in the first 2nd round of 22 years (Tiancong stocks project), and 450,000 tons in the Crystals participation project; and follow-up to projects such as the 3rd and 2nd phases of the company Leyshan.
The company’s silicon silicon accelerated expansion and silicon tap status continued to be strengthened.
The idea, coupled with deep binding with the Lungi, Crystal, Sky, etc. components, can fully guarantee the manufacture of end-of-life products, a large number of locks, a solid silicon tap: companies as industry-wide silicon taps, a long lock with silicon dragons, a guaranteed delivery volume: with the Lungi lock base target of 10.18 million tons per year, with the Crystal three-year chain of 93,000 tons, and with the United States of America.
Silicon energy has a combined lock of 68.8 million tons and a total lock of 72 million tons for three years with Sky. It has now been announced that the long bill will amount to 95% of the company’s future three years’ worth of shipments, and that in the coming years it will be possible to break out of the silicon chain and become an absolute leader in the silicon chain.
15gw silicon silicon project, with 30% of the company's shareholding, while the company had previously jointly financed the 15gw silicon project with Sky, with 65% of the company's shareholding. Through lock-sheets and joint ventures, the company completed silicone patches, ensured the supply of 182&210 large-sized silicon tablets, maximized batteries.
The total amount allocated does not exceed RMB 1.35 billion (of which the management contributed RMB 405 million, with a reserved share of RMB 945 million reserved for the award totals $2.7 billion, or 1.28 per cent of the total equity, and entrusts the management/trust product to purchase the company’s shares in the secondary market within six months of the adoption of the general meeting of shareholders’ deliberations). Management financed the purchase of the company’s shares in the secondary market, indicating management’s interest in the future.
The industry and the company are well placed. This Stakeholder Plan, by binding core management interests, is conducive to further push 1, Convergence Equity (600438), and strong corporate partnerships for sound, good and good corporate development over the long term.
Sky, Silicon + Silicon + Batteries Industrially Perfected. 2020-11-18. Super-expected. Silicon good for profit. 2020-10.
3: Performance rating reported in Tungwee 20h1: Performance in line with expectations, Silicon & Battery Profiting Trends up 2020-08-10
Incidents: 1) Strategic agreement between Tungwei and Crystal, 30 per cent participation in the Tungwie 15gw silicon tablets. New project: 35 per cent participation in the crystals 35 per cent participation in the 45,000 tons silicon new project. Actual output of silicon, silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon, two times the equity ratio. 2) Crystal and Tungwi signed a total of about 6.5 gw silicon tablets for three years.
2) Tonway introduced the 2021-2023 Stakeholder Scheme, with 50 per cent of the company's employees' subscriptions and funds/trusts, which together cost 2.7 billion shares, or 1.28 per cent of the total stock stock, locking 12 silicon materials on a regular basis, accelerated production and continued strengthening: silicon end, company design up to the end of 20 years
Eighty thousand tonnes of productive capacity, 90,000 tonnes of real capacity +, 35,000 tonnes in 21 years q4 Mt., 40,000 Mt. Pao project (Lonki stock project); 40,000 tonnes in 22 years of the first 2 Mt. (Tanky stock project) and 45,000 Mt. of the Jykor equity project: the follow-up company Leysan III and Pysun II projects have been launched successively.
The company’s silicon silicon is growing faster, and silicon taps continue to be strengthened. The components’ tap depth is tied to the idea of “manufacturing is what is made” development: looking through the luminous industrial chain, for almost two years, the time window period, the concentration of the links has increased rapidly, and there is a clear trend towards the concentration of the components’ taps.
The company, as a upstream manufacturer, adheres to the concept of “manufacturing as the basis for” development, and is deeply tied to the Lungi, Crystal, Sky, etc. components through stock participation, which fully secures the external sale of manufactured end-products. A large number of lock-outs guarantee delivery, and silicon taps secure: the company is a industry-wide silicon dragon.
Head, long single locks with silicon: the base of locks with Lungi is set at 10.18 million tons per year, combined locks with crystals are 93,000 tons over three years, combined locks with American silicon energy are 688 tons, and combined locks with Skynets are 72 million tons over three years.
95% +, and the Twilight is expected to emerge in the silicon chain over the next few years as the absolute leader of the silicon chain. The locks and joint ventures, which complete the silicon silicon silicon silo: the company signed a 6.5gw silicon silicon silicon silica silica silica silica silica silica silica silica silica silica silica silica silica silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
Joint venture with Tianjin on the 15gw silicon tablets project, with 65% of the company’s share. Through lock sheets and joint ventures, the company completes the silicon patches, ensures the supply of 182&210 large-sized silicon tablets and maximizes the battery’s profits.
The SWI scheme, with a total funding of 1.350 billion yuan (of which 405 million yuan was allocated to the management level and 945 million yuan was set aside to reward the employee), locks up for a fixed period of 12 months, and buys back the company ' s shares, or 1.28 per cent of the total equity, within six months of the adoption of the report of the General Stakeholder Conference.
The management's contribution to the second-tier market is to buy back the company's shares, indicating that the management is well placed to look forward to the future of the industry and the company. This employee holdings plan is to further the firm's sound development and hard work by binding core management interests.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), East Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.