Increased industrial cooperation by the Gwang-il King, sharing of new energy for employees, shares in Tong Wei (600438.sh) 10/0221
On 9 February 2021, the Tungwee shares announced a strategic cooperation agreement with the Crystal Energy Strategy and a plan for employee ownership: (1) co-investment of over 45,000 tons of silicon and 15gw silicon production capacity with the Crystal Energy System, and company participation in the crystallography.
In addition, crystal energy continues to supply Tungwei for three years, totalling about 6.5gw silicon products for a period of 2021-2023; and (2) the company announces its employee holdings.
Industrial chain cooperation and employee motivation through employee holding schemes, we maintain the profit projections, the company accelerates the expansion of production capacity, silicon supply is tight or will continue to be silicon supply tight in 2021, and the company is expected to produce 75,000 tons of production capacity by the end of 2021, which will be possible.
In 2022, the first release is expected to continue sharing high-price dividends on silicon and accelerate the growth of the company’s market. This time, in collaboration with the crystal energy industry, an additional 450,000 tons of capacity will be invested, suggesting that silicon may remain in a state of long-term supply stress, downstream, and not only will the manufacturer lock in the existing production capacity security supply through a long-term agreement, but it will also be added through a joint venture with the silicon dragon head.
The company’s excellent cost-control and low-priced resource lock-in capacity helps it become the lowest-cost manufacturer in the industry, with new output leading at the same cost under fine management. Silicon locking secures the supply chain, and employees share in the new energy feast.
Due to tight supply of silicon, high-quality silicon products are also expected to be available. As a third-party specialized battery plant, the company's first coverage report - a global photovoltaic manufacturer, by locking in silicon supply through stock participation, reduces battery end profit pressure on the one hand, and secures battery industry on the other.
New kings, leading costs, technology trends - long-term stable supply of raw materials, complementary to crystallized energy; global photovoltaic demand after 2020, with increased competition, corporate incentives for senior managers and core cadres through employee holding schemes, and important
Talent-sharing for the New Energy Festivities continues to highlight management strengths.