Tian Jian, China (601186) study.
Engineering contracting orders improved. The rate of growth of engineering contracting orders was low in 2018, but, as can be seen from the acquisition of orders in the first half of 2019, the growth of engineering contracting orders increased significantly to the extent that real estate development continued to grow faster. Group real estate block sales performance was higher in 2018 than in the previous year.
The year ended, 235 projects were developed in 65 domestic cities. The total surface area for construction was approximately 2.139 million square metres, and the total area of planned construction was about 6.98 million square metres.
The company has recently signed a single composite growth rate for the last five years, which represents an annual increase in the current settlement income multiplier, with strong expectations for sustained steady growth in the future.
The company has plenty of orders, and expects a steady and sustainable release of its performance. The company’s predecessor, China Iron Construction Co. Ltd., is a railway soldier.
Founded on 5 November 2007 in Beijing by the exclusive initiative of China Railways Construction Ltd., which is a mega-construction enterprise managed by the State Council's Asset Surveillance and Management Board. On 10 and 13 March 2008, respectively, Shanghai and Tehjia were one of China's most powerful and large-scale conglomerates, and in 2019 was financially-based.
Rich is ranked 59th in the world, 250th largest contractors in the world in 2018, and 14th in China. Corporate business covers engineering contracting, surveying design consulting, real estate, investment services, equipment manufacturing, material logistics, gold.
It operates in 32 provinces, autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government and the Hong Kong and Macao Special Administrative Regions, including Taiwan Province, as well as in 126 countries or regions around the world.
China’s iron construction operations are currently divided into engineering contracts, real estate, surveying design advice, industrial manufacturing, logistics, and goods.
Trade and other operations have a well-developed industrial chain of scientific research, planning, surveying, design, construction, supervision, maintenance, operation and financing, and have the capacity to provide one-stop integrated services to owners. Industry leadership has been established in the areas of highland railways, high-speed railways, highways, bridges, tunnels and urban orbital transport engineering and construction.
The categories cover railways, roads, urban tracks, hydropower, housing construction, municipalities, bridges, tunnels, airport codes, etc. 82.5 per cent; real estate accounts for 4.8 per cent of total revenue; survey design consultancy, industrial manufacturing, logistics and trade in goods and other operations
The ratio is 2.2 per cent, 2 per cent, 8.4 per cent, and 11.48 per cent, respectively. Meanwhile, as can be seen from the annual reports of recent years, the share of higher Māori business such as company surveying, design and consulting, logistics and trade in goods has increased, while the Māori rate of engineering contracting has also increased, raising the overall Māori ratio of companies.
The annual Māori rate continues to rise, and the higher Māori rate can be sustained. Engineering contracting is China’s core and traditional iron construction business, which covers railways, roads, urban tracks, hydropower, housing construction, municipalities, bridges, tunnels, airport wharfs, etc.
State. Engineering contracting is mainly based on the construction contract model and the financing contract model. Strengthening as the State actively pursues “one-way” construction, synergistic development in Kyojin, economic development in Yangtze, construction in Yung An-Sin and the Great Bay area in Hong Kong, and continuing to deepen the new urbanization, village revitalization strategies, slum upgrading and upgrading of squatter settlements.
Improvement of transport facilities in the central and western regions; with active fiscal policy initiated in the second half of 2018, the expansion of capital measures such as “maintenance, slabs”, trusting that the company's domestic markets in the areas of railways, roads, housing, urban track, municipal and water, electricity and water, airports will continue to grow steadily, civil-military integration, village construction, integrated galleries, sponge cities, green
Emerging markets, such as environmental protection and pollution control, are also expected to grow rapidly. At present, infrastructure investment remains the engine of economic growth, railways, roads, water transport, air transport infrastructure projects are accelerating, the process of urbanization is a huge business opportunity, regional development is on the rise, and people are seeking a better life.
The company’s engineering contracts include, inter alia, railway works, road works, urban orbital works, building works, municipal works, hydroelectric works, and airport dock works.
Road projects under the ppp model were reduced in 2018 as a result of policy adjustments in the financing market: urban orbital engineering was also affected by the large overseas order base and the reduction in domestic orbital urban traffic bidding projects, and road and urban orbital operations orders fell considerably. Overall, the rate of growth in engineering contracting orders was lower in 2018, but orders could be obtained from the first half of the year 2018.
As can be seen, the growth in engineering contracting orders increased significantly, to 23.14 per cent; among these, the value of new contracts for railways grew by 18.58 per cent, and the company was one of the 16 central enterprises whose main business was real estate development, using a fast-moving development strategy, with a business model of “residential development, supported by supporting businesses”, focusing on three central cities: the Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle and the Ring Sea.
The regional layout focuses on two- or two-tier cities, partially complemented by three- or four-tier cities with good development potential.
In 2018, the Group achieved a significant increase in sales of real estate block items on a year-by-year basis, amounting to $93,455 million, close to the 100 billion threshold, an increase of 36.61 per cent over the same year; and 6,641.1 million square metres in sales, an increase of up to the same year in 2018, where the company actively improved the regional layout of real estate projects, increasing the number of houses in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Tianjin, Chongqing, etc.
In Beijing, 10,000 square metres, equity planning has a total of 809.43 million square metres, an increase of 21.36 per cent.
By the end of 2018, 235 projects had been developed in 65 national cities. The total area for construction was approximately 2.139 million square metres, with a total planned building area of approximately 6.98 million square metres, and was complemented by a ladder of three or four-line cities with better development potential, with a focus on two- or two-line cities.
5. Other operations have steadily developed to raise overall Māori rates 5.1 Survey Design Advisory Services
Completion of operations, including the provision of survey design and advisory services for civil engineering and infrastructure construction in the areas of railways, urban orbital transport, roads, municipalities, industrial and civil buildings, water transport, hydropower and civil aviation, and the non-derogation of magnetic transport, tourism orbital traffic, smart traffic, modern orbital trams, urban complexes, urban underground space
The basic business model is a market competition, with surveying and design advice on the completion of engineering projects as agreed in the contract.
5.2 Industrial manufacturing panels form three operational systems for the production of equipment, materials and concrete pc components.
The operations to be carried out include the manufacture of large-scale road-keeping machinery, underground construction equipment, orbital construction equipment, concrete construction equipment, crane equipment, bridge construction equipment, compact equipment, concrete products, bridge steel structures, fork and clippings, and railway electric gasification contact net guides and spare parts.
Over 200 of them have an annual capacity to make up the national production market, and more than 85 per cent of the domestic market, especially tbm, can provide a comprehensive solution for intelligent construction and high-end equipment for domestic underground engineering, and many of the results can fill the domestic void: high rail fork products have been widely used in high-speed railways, trunk rails and urban orbital transport across the country.
The industrial manufacturing industry’s business model has evolved from one-way enterprise to one-size-fits-all units, industrial chains, and so on. Completing the company’s short-board industry has taken on new steps in the area of bridge and steel manufacturing and installation technology, opening up new economic growth.
5.3 Logistics and material trade and other operations China Iron has more than 70 regional business networks, 1.33 million square metres of logistics sites, more than 40,000 extended rice railway lines and 32,550 cubic metres of oil storage capacity in major cities and logistics nodes throughout the country.
Efficient logistics information, regionalization, and market-based service systems provide integrated supply chain services. In recent years, China’s iron construction efforts have led to the upgrading of logistics operations and the extensive opening of up-to-and-down markets in large engineering supply chains, opening up new and emerging areas such as trade in goods, processing manufacturing, international operations, collectors, and electronic commerce.
China’s second-largest supplier of railway goods, and the country’s largest provider of industrial logistics systems. The subsidiary, China Iron and Steel Group Ltd., ranked sixth in the “China Logistics Business Top 50” ranking in China’s Logistics and Procurement Consortium in 2015.
6. High levels of performance security in order acquisition continued to rise, with a steady decline in the acquisition of orders in the first three quarters of 2018, but a positive increase in the start-up of new orders in the fourth quarter and a steady increase in the first half of 2019.
Increased contribution. Railways and roads accounted for 16 per cent and 19 per cent, respectively, of contractual engineering orders in the first half of 2019. Sustained steady growth in performance is expected to be strong.
Figure 9: Uncompleted contract amounts as a proportion of current settlement income 7. Sustained growth in performance creates value for shareholders.
The ideal growth in corporate performance in 2018 was 73.1 billion yuan in operating income for the year as a whole, or 7.22 per cent more than the previous year; a profit of 100 million dollars, or 11.87 per cent more than the previous year; and a profit of 1.26 dollars per share. The firm ' s Māori ratio has followed a downward recovery trend in recent years, with an increase in the overall profitability of the company.
The company responded positively to the central deleveraging requirement, and the asset-liability ratio has been declining almost continuously in recent years. By 2016, both asset-liability ratios and the proportion of cash received by companies for goods and services sold as a percentage of current revenues have continued to rise, as has the cash balance at the end of the period. The cash balance on the company ' s books was 130 billion by the end of 2018; cash received as a result of the sale of goods and services in the current period was battalion
8. In the second half of 2018, the country began to deleveraging from the beginning of the year because of the continuing fermentation of trade frictions between China and the United States.
In March 2019, the Government’s workshop proposed that effective investments should be scaled up in 2019 and that priorities should be accelerated.
Projects. Completion of railway investments of $8 trillion, road and water transport investments of $1.8 trillion, start of major water projects, acceleration of the construction of the Kawasaki railways, increased investment in infrastructure such as inter-city transport, logistics, municipalities, disaster prevention and management, civil and general aviation, and strengthening of the new generation of information infrastructure. This year, the central budget allocated $577.6 billion.
On 15 August 2019, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a master plan for the new road and sea routes in the west, which identified the construction of a number of heavy railways, logistics hubs, etc. by 2020; and the initial construction of an international logistics distribution centre in Chongqing in the northwest of Guangxi Bay.
The integration of resources between the ports and the port of Hainanyang Po is beginning to bear fruit, and the “last kilometre” of the iron-sea and multimodal transport has been largely connected. In terms of funding, between 2015 and 2018, the country's additional special-purpose debt stood at $100 billion,480 billion and $1.35 trillion, respectively.
Billion dollars, an increase of $800 billion over last year, 59 per cent, and financial support for the development of focused projects. In June 2019, the State issued a circular on good local government bond issuance and project matching finance.
On the basis of increasing the size of special-purpose bonds, strengthening macro-policy coordination, maintaining a reasonable level of market liquidity, and financing special-purpose bond issues and project packages to facilitate the economy’s functioning in reasonable areas, it is mentioned that special-purpose bonds are allowed to be used as capital funds for eligible major projects.
Major projects with a greater demonstration-driven effect are deployed at the central decision-making level, allowing for a certain percentage of the project capital to be used for the purpose of financing special-purpose income when assessing the return of project income to special-purpose bonds.
As major projects move forward, capital investment is expected to pick up, and capital investment is expected to pick up.
The company, as a leader in the industry, is expected to benefit from an overall increase in the climate and order levels of the industry. From company valuations, it is currently at the bottom of history, with limited space down and high security margins.
The former company pe (ttm) was 6.6 times (equivalent to 12 per cent performance growth, with peg only 0.55); pb (ttm) was 0.7 times, falling into net assets, and valued cheaply.
In addition, the company ' s undistributed profits have been rising year by year, and the share of the company ' s total market value has continued to rise. Undistributed profits as a percentage of the market value had reached 64.07 per cent by the end of 2018 and remained high at 64.02 per cent at the end of the first quarter of 2019, i.e., the company had ample orders in its hands and expected steady and steady release of its performance.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.