Nanjing Bank Annual Report 2017 and 1-quarter Report 2018: Improved interest spreads, the recovery of heat from the camp, attention to the steady increase in ground landings.
The Bank of Nanjing, as a bank with a traditional advantage in the field of financial cooperation, has been a financial asset for 17 years.
The Bank of Kyoto is clearly better than the industry’s growth and asset quality performance, and there is a significant room for improvement in valuations. Keeping the performance up to expectations and overall recovery.
In addition to the low-base factors resulting from the spread of net interest income, which was subject to regulatory influence during the same period last year, we judge that the positive performance of corporate investment, hosting, etc., during the first quarter was a major factor in the recovery of fee revenue.
The difference in interest rates continues to improve, and the deposits are somewhat weak. The Nanjing Bank’s net difference of 1.95% in 18 years and 1.87% in 17 years continues to rise. The improvement in corporate interest differentials stems mainly from the faster rate of returns at the end of a quarter.
At the end of the debt line, Nanjing’s 1-quarter deposit ring grew by 2.2% compared to the beginning of the year, and the structural demand deposit fell by 2.4%, with a somewhat weak growth, and the company’s failure to perform was a cause for concern in the context of 18 years of intense trade in deposits. The company’s 18-year-first-quarter ring grew by 3% compared to the beginning of the year, a year-on-year increase.
The firm’s core-level capital adequacy rate at the end of the first quarter is robust and secure. The Nanjing bank’s asset quality performance is excellent, 18 years, 1 quarter negative at 0.86% at the end of the 17th year, and we measure the company’s one-quarter annual deterioration.
With a production rate of 0.57%, the ring is 43bp below, keeping the industry low.
17-yearly and 18-yearly-a-quarterly reports by Nanjing Bank, with net profits increasing by 17.0 per cent/17.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis between 2017 and the first quarter of 2018.
The net profits of the Nanjing Bank increased by 17.6 per cent in the first quarter of 18 years, slightly higher than the 17 per cent growth rate of 17 per cent throughout the 17th year, largely in line with our expectations (17.3 per cent).
The net interest income recovered positive in the context of the recovery in interest differentials, with an increase of 5.7 per cent in the first quarter (vs.17, acceleration 5.4 per cent) and fees, with an equally significant increase of 4.41 per cent in the first quarter (vs.17, acceleration-19.5 per cent), except for the low base resulting from regulatory influences during the same period last year, where we judged that the positive performance of corporate investment, hosting, etc., in the first quarter was characterized by a strong performance in the first quarter as a boost to fee income.
At the end of the 18th year, the Nanjing Bank recorded a 1.95% net difference from 1.87% in the 17th year. At the end of the 17th year, the rate of return on the assets of the company in the 1st quarter was 18bp to 4.51% higher than in the 4th quarter of the 17th year.
Between 7bp and 2.79%, an improvement in corporate interest differentials can be seen mainly as a result of the faster rate of return on the asset end of the quarter. Our judgement is mainly related to the increase in loan end pricing. On the credit structure, the first quarter of a loan grew by 9% compared to the beginning of the year, business loans grew by 4%, bills fell by 27%, and the proportion of high-income assets, such as consumption and micro-credit, is expected to increase significantly in the new component.
At the beginning of the growth rate of 2.2 per cent, the structural demand deposits fell by 2.4 per cent, and growth was somewhat weak. Against the backdrop of 18 years of intense investment competition in the industry, the performance of Nanjing Bank assets remained excellent, with a negative rate of 0.86 per cent for the first quarter of 18 years compared to the end of 17 years, and we measured the company ' s one-quarter rate of negative annualization at 0.57 per cent for the first quarter, with a low rate of 43bp below.
Slow down, with a credit cost ranging from 38bp to 1.24% in the same quarter, but provision coverage and loan allocation continue to improve from 2pct/1bp to the Nanjing Bank as a bank with a traditional advantage in the field of financial co-operation, with 17 years of interest rates on co-financing having a certain impact on its related business. Corporate restructuring pressure has slowed down, with negative impacts gradually diminishing.
Space will be opened again, and there will be significant room for improvement in valuations, taking into account that Nanjing Bank is clearly superior to industry growth and asset quality performance.