The rate of growth has shifted from negative to positive, and the net difference has significantly improved, and Martinine's business performance has continued to improve, with a provision for less to drive high profit growth and a significant improvement in the net difference.
Roe uplifts, high-profit growth is driven by less provision for better asset quality. 17 years before the allocation, the profit growth rate was negative and the core profitability improved.
Growth of 17.4 per cent was positive for the first time since the fourth quarter of 16 years. 18q1 grew by 7 per cent in the same year, declining by 17q4 ring, but continuing a positive growth trend. Income performance continued to improve, with net interest income and the growth rate ending the “negative era.”
For the first time since 16q4, net interest income and revenues increased at a negative rate and maintained a steady trend of growth throughout the quarter, with a steady improvement in business performance. For the first quarter, interest differentials rebounded and net interest income increased by the same rate.
With 5.68 per cent growth, net revenue from fees and commissions increased by 4.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the 17-year-on-year sharper reduction in the single cost ring ratio of Nanjing Bank co-possessors was achieved, and the increase in the rate of return on loans was greater when the cost of deposits went up, contributing to a steady increase in net interest differentials.
▪ High growth in loan holdings, increase in the volume of non-valued and fund investments in the table, and sustained net decrease in corporate liabilities
According to (+14.2 billion); an additional $18.2 billion in a quarter, with pressure-down notes (-14.9 billion) and investment in public (+25.3 billion) and retail loans (+7.9 billion), continued investment in retail loans. However, for banks with a prominent public presence, public loans amounted to 74.58 per cent at the end of March, with interest rates on loans.
The increase in interest differentials is even more pronounced. In terms of the breakdown of investment-type assets, the benefits of trust and asset management plans have increased by almost $26 billion over the 17-year period, and the scale of non-targeting in the table has continued to increase.
End of liability: lower proportion of current deposits and net decrease in the size of corporate liabilities for two consecutive quarters. What month of March? Price-fixing capacity, change in business behaviour.
The cost of the Nanjing bank deposits rose faster than the overall cost of the public deposits in 17 years.
Business income has grown steadily over the same period, with a portfolio of 18,71 billion, nearly 40 billion more than at the end of the 17 years. “The quality of assets in the same business register plus the same quality of excellence has become the main incentive for the release of profits.
Assets are of better quality than their counterparts. The negative rate at the end of March was 0.86 per cent, which remained stable for four consecutive quarters and was only higher than the Bank of Ningbo in the listed banks; interest in loans fell by between 0.09 pc and 1.55 per cent at the end of the 17-year comparison, and the negative rate of sales and transfers dropped by 0.92 pc to 0.70 per cent over the 16-year period, reducing the negative pressure on overdue loans.
And 89.23 per cent, almost the same as at the end of June, found that the classification criteria remained stable. Full credit was made to support future profit releases in the face of continued improvement in asset quality.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Nanjing Bank business continues to improve, the net interest spreads are higher than expected in a quarter, interest net revenue, operating income, and profits before provision have been negative since the single-quarter-on-year ratio of 1704. Bad rates have stabilized, interest loans have continued to decline, asset impairment losses have been significantly reduced, and high profit growth has been driven by higher profit growth.
Cost ups or there's still some pressure. The $14 billion fixed-up program will supplement core-level capital, and it will benefit companies in the long run.