Innovation-driven technology brands, smart cleaning fields, and a rock-rock-based technology-in-depth report (688169), innovation-driven technology brands, product-type designs are expanding again. The company uses the landmark laserslam path to plan its products into the market of smart sweepers, leading the way.
In recent years, the company’s deep-farming branding has yielded remarkable results, with 22 years of excellent sales in g10s, a smooth trip to the sea by North America’s s7maxvultra, and a significant increase in market share, leading companies to earn out of $6.6 billion, an increase of 13.56% over the same period. Companies have also continued to enrich their cleaning appliances matrix, launching handheld wireless dust, commercial cleaning, robots, etc., and, in 23 years, they have launched molecular sifting and drying machines, sifting their first-ever molecules, with a further drop in stone expansion.
Land sweep operations: resonance of new product cycles in and out of the country. (a) Intra-market sales: base stations are driven by a massive build-up of the company’s top-up medium- and high-vacant spaces. In the era of domestic ground-scanning industry entering base stations, the penetration rate of base-scanners rose rapidly from 7.1% in 21 years to 31.5% in late 22 years, and the product fully infiltrated the 4,000-5,000 yuan price belt.
At the end of the cost: high integration of company spare parts, effective cost reduction of spare parts, large spread of single-sku sales, top-down of chip prices, leading to optimal Māori rates, overall profitability of internal sales, b) external sales: new ante-deck-driven central prices, winning high-end market shares. North American business line, price: 23 years of company sales of new products series S8 at $1,600.
In a continuous upward trend, anchoring high-end markets abroad, price hubs continue to rise; volume: the company’s products are competitive in high-end markets abroad, as measured by the company’s anti-market growth in the previous year’s sales of s7maxvoltra, and the S8 series adds a sound-wave vibration system to the drag-land module for the characteristics of the North American region, upgrades the suction to 6,000 pa and the ai object to 40+ species, leads the industry, and is expected to take up a further share of the market for high-end sweepers abroad after the new cycle of this s8 series.
With a marginal improvement in Europe’s regional revenues in 22q4, Europe’s regional sales are expected to pick up at a faster rate than the geopolitical and epidemiological effects of 23 years. Initiating the one-stop shop: a unique molecular sifting machine with a high price for “low-temper dry black technology.”
The company's innovative launch of the Molecular Sifter (at a price of $5999) brings with it a solution that combines high-quality baking effects with high-priced results. The product is a self-research molecular sifting module that dewets clothing by adsorbing, and a dual-cycle wind-circuit system that combines molecules with a sifting module that achieves a higher-quality low-temperature drying effect.
Twenty-four years, 28 x, 23x, 20x, taking into account the power of the company ' s land sweeper plus the new red one, giving a "buy-in" rating. 1.1 Corporate profiles: innovation-driven technology brands, multi-kind growth curves. Research-and-development ground sweeper taps.
Chang Qing, a major smart cleaning power research and marketing operation, entered the rice ecological chain in the same year, and launched the “Mi's smart sweeper robot” in 2016, and was sold on a full net. The company was able to transform its own branding path, with its branded product, the “rock sweeper robot”, launched in 2017. While the technology overlap and price belts of the land sweeper products were widening, the company also continued to enrich the cleaning appliances.
In March 2023, the company’s first molecular sifting machine (h1) was launched. Charts: Stone Technology Development: Corporate Profile 1.1: Innovation-driven technology brands, multi-product growth curves.
A landmark laser-slam-planning product will be introduced into the market for smart sweepers, leading industry to develop. The land sweep will be a technology-driven industry, with “random sweep” to “planning clean-up” completed in 2002-2016, but laser-slam products (e.g. neato) and vslam products (e.g. irobot) still have distress points of navigation accuracy and high prices and have yet to be produced in large quantities. The company, through its autonomous development of laser radar +slam algorithms, launched the “mi home sweep robot” in 2016.
In recent years, the company has continued to optimize hardware plus software, with a precision range of 12 metres, with a margin of error of only ~2%, providing high credibility for positioning and navigation algorithms; and its self-research slam algorithms, which are home-based, leading in the mapping, path planning and navigational capabilities of the court landscape, and which significantly reduces the demand for processor performance.
Time laserslam technology captures consumers' minds, cuts into medium- and high-end ground sweeper lanes, and the market share rises significantly. Chart: Planning for initial clean-up of mainstream products 1.2 Main business: positioning of mid-end markets, product overlaps, product expansion drive high-quality growth
Smart sweepers are the core business of the company, with their own brands as central drivers of growth. Smart sweepers are the core business of the company, with over 90% of business receipts, contributing $5.605 billion in 21 years, an increase of 26.93%. Smart sweeper operations consist mainly of their own brand name, "Stony sweep robots," "Small sweeps robots" and "Mimi sweep robots" custom-made for rice.
With the growing demand for smart cleaning among young people, companies have gradually expanded their product classes to other areas of smart cleaning, with the introduction of stone handheld wireless vacuum cleaners in April 2020 and the launch of smart cleaners in August 2021.
It is capable of washing land, and it is strong enough to enter the hand-held vacuum cleaners, the ground-washer track, and gradually improve its intelligent cleaning matrix. Hand-held vacuum cleaners contributed $232 million to the company in 21 years, an increase of 102.43 per cent. The company launched a new product, Molecular Sifter, in 23 years, which is expected to build a new growth curve.
• Land-cleaning business income (millions of yuan) — yoy — hand-held — yoy — land-cleaning machine 1.3 financial situation: domestic sales are growing rapidly, external sales are improving, 23 years are expected to be steady The overall business situation is at a turning point, overseas business rings are restored, domestic operations are at home
The company’s business earnings and net profits from 2017 to 2022 remained high and high-end base station product lines, which led to a rapid rise in the share of companies, from 6 to 17 per cent, to high growth in the domestic market.
S7 series sales in North America have increased rapidly, black five sales have exploded, and European regional ring ratios have improved. Net return profit of $1.402 billion in 22 years, year-on-year changes - 4.1 pct, mainly due to changes in product structure, domestic North American sales have taken over.
The company ' s Māori rate is higher in the industry: the industry has been driven by a major build-up, the production of base-station products has entered the finals, the industry has entered the age of ground-cleaning machines, and the trend towards high end-of-end cleaning functions has been emerging. The cost of the ground-cleaning robot industry has been raised from $1687 in 2020 to 3304 in 2022q4.
The two-year average price increase is close to 96%, and after disassemblying changes in the price segments, it can be seen that the driving factor behind the upturn in the average price of the ground sweeper industry is the contraction of the product sales at the mid- and low end of $1,000-3500, the resonance of a significant increase in the sales of 4,000-plus high-end products, and a clear trend towards high-end productivity in the ground sweeper industry. Reference is made to the 22-year market for land sweeper sales of Top10 products, with head-markets covering products such as rock g10s/g10, Cavost 10/x1 and search s10, all of which are in the range of 4,000 base station lines.
The high-end production of the machine industry and its entry into the base-station function finals have become a trend in the ground-scanning industry.
Maps: Mainstream land sweeper products have been used for base station functions 2.2 Intraground sweeper operations: base station products have been moved up to 4000-5,000 price bands, and base sweepers have been moved up to 4,000-5,000 price bands. Since 2022, the main base sweeper products have been subject to a partial downswing in prices relative to sales.
This led to a significant expansion of the market share of the product, which was not a “price war” within the high-matching ground sweeper, but an accelerated market share of the non-base sweeper with high value for money. According to the Ovi cloud network, the penetration rate of the base sweeper was only 7.1% in 2021, accompanied by a reduction in the share of the base sweeper in 2022, up to 31.5% in 2023q1.
The price of the goods was largely concentrated in the 4,000-5,500 yuan zone, with less than $4,000 being mainly unbased station products, accompanied by further drops in base station products, and a space penetration of less than $4,000 in the price belt.
Chart: Market penetration of base station products increased significantly in 2022: 2.3 Ground sweeper operations: new product p10 is expected to replicate the g10s penetration model and achieve sales volumes
In 2022, single goods led the sale, with only singles accounting for 14.22% of the market, and sales rose significantly, with the base station sweeper g10/g10s completing a high penetration of non-base stations and the 4,000-5,000-dollar price band. Currently, the 3,000-dollar band is mainly a non-base station sweeper. For base station products, there is still a blank market, and companies are expected to take up the price belt in advance, taking up the market share of non-base items, and achieving sales outlays and copying the successful g10s penetration model.
The company's market share is further increased.
2.4 Intra-land sweep business: high integration of spare parts, low efficiency, high profitability, high integration of spare parts, large single-sku sales, high price additions to chips, and still high Māori prices. The Māori rate of corporate stone-scattering robots is higher from the 2017 brand, and the Māori rate of companies is higher in the industry.
The company’s core hardware laser radar has been developed and produced autonomously, with a new generation of tof laser radar coverage extending to 18 metres in diameter, measuring errors of less than 2%, and effectively reducing the cost of raw material procurement while measuring the industry’s lead in precision. Meanwhile, the company’s sku sales volume has been large, modelling costs have been amortized and the company’s Māori rate has been significantly increased. 2) Parts and components are integrated, and companies have significantly reduced the number of modules and spare parts costs after the technology overlaps. 3) mcu
Down the line of costs, the st32-mcu channel unit price has fallen significantly over 21 years, and chip purchase prices have decreased significantly to optimize the Māori rate. Chart: Cost control is expected to continue high levels of Māori - stone sweeper - irobot - irobot
3.1 Outward sales machine operations: regional structural improvements, high sales in the S7 series of North American reverse markets, and marginal improvements in European sales • corporate external sales are expected to be repaired in 23 years against a low base. In terms of external sales, companies are affected by geo-conflicts and epidemics, overall external sales operations are under pressure, 2022h2 is accompanied by marginal improvements in the external environment, super-s7 sales are bright, and external sales repairs are significantly increasing by q4 and positive q3 q3.
Among them, the expansion of North American markets has been remarkable, with s7maxv gaining a 70% rise in consumer mind with the power of leading products, a 125% increase in black five sales, a 25% increase in city share, a nearly 20% decline in competitive irobot, and a significant improvement in European market sales q4 consistent with a narrower year-on-year decline. With the rapid rise of North America and Asia-Pacific markets from within and outside the region, the impact of the single market in Europe on corporate fundamentals as a whole has been weaker.
Figure: Recovery of heat from rock technology overseas. Chart: European operations down to around 40 per cent. 3.2 Out-of-ground machine operations: s8 is expected to continue the s7 product cycle and continue to capture the share of high-end machines.
S8 sets open new product cycles and consolidates high-end markets overseas. The company’s external sales skus, based on differences in the characteristics of overseas residential housing, such as multiple carpetings, common multi-storey dwellings in the Euro-American area, upgrades to “localize” land sweeper products on features such as carpet cleaning, sorbency, object identification and multiple maps, solves the pains of local users, and accelerates the penetration of overseas markets.
S7 series and competitions for the same period have significant advantages: 1) carpet cleaning and extrication: S8 upgrades of double-splash, compared to the capture and clean-up of waste such as hair from single-sprush products) to tow module upgrades: new acoustic vibration systems can clean up up up to 3,000 times/minutes. S8 series is expected to be marketed in April, with a projected sale price of $1,600, up by $200 over the S7maxv offer, and it is expected that the offshore high-end market will be consolidated through a high-quality product relay S7 product cycle.
Chart: new acoustic vibration system for the s8-trailing module
Chart: The s8 series has a significant advantage in comparison with foreign marine products. 3.2 Out-of-ground sales: self-build channels are growing rapidly, online marketing is highly effective, online companies are working together, research and development companies are increasing their self-build channels layouts, making up for the market blinds of overseas distributors. Corporate channels are gradually fine-tuning their management overseas, and self-build channels are breaking empty markets.
The company’s early entry into the European market using a proxy model, co-operates with distributors such as e-mail, purple light, and Russian Express, into offline channels and cross-border power suppliers, which, because of the dispersed pattern of European markets and the more off-line consumption scenes, can quickly open up products from points and surfaces in European markets, while not demanding initial capital inputs. With the growing volume of corporate product sales, companies have been actively building their own channels since 2018, and dealers under the deep tilling line.
In North America, where most of the under-line consumption is concentrated in ka channels such as Costco, walmart, home-deepot, macy's, etc., the firm's own-own distributors have helped to build brand names and set the ground for companies to enter ka canals in the future.
Companies have increased their online outreach, and overseas Amazonian power platforms have grown rapidly. In high-consumption markets such as North America, companies have promoted online electricity businesses, effectively complementing the company’s offline channels.
Chart: Channel fine management contributes to rising income, both within and outside the country, market revenues (millions of yuan) to domestic market revenues (millions of yuan) Overseas - vov
4.1 The dryer business: 20% of the growth track in cagr in 6 years, 26 billion-scale market in the dryer, and 20% annual growth rate in 6 years. The size of the China market (end calibre) in the dryer increased from 9.5 billion yuan in 2016 to 26 billion yuan in 2022, 18.27% in 6 years cagr, rapid expansion in 2016-2019, 30+ per cent per year and 10 per cent since 2020.
The total number of dryers increased and the average price dropped slightly, while the average price of the high-end ones decreased slightly, while the average price of the high-end and low-end machines was split, with the average price of the higher-end dryers (mainly the lower-line sales type of $6,000) increasing by 8% and the lower-end dryers (mainly the lower-end dryers) increasing by 8%.
The average price dropped by 6%. Chart: Changes in China's market prices for a dryer. Chart: China's market size for a dryer.
4.2 The drying machine business: the industry is derived from three major drying technology paths, the heat pump is the most effective traditional dryer solution, but there are still pain points, such as high prices. Depending on the difference in drying techniques used, the drying machine is divided into three types: (a) direct rowing/steaming, placement of the wind blowing machine inside the drying machine, heating it with electricity, blowing the hot wind into the washing tank by the fan.
(c) The heat pump, the compressor combined with the condenser drying, the exchange of cold hot air, the rapid drying of wet clothes by the cryogenic cycle + the cooling of wet clothes by cooling cycling + the drying of wet clothes.
4.3 The drying-up business: mainstream products are difficult to match with prices, industry needs to break down, drying-up is difficult to reconcile with high value, and there are faults between 6000 and 10,000. For example, 22 years of market hot-brushing machine products: a condensed one-stop machine, even though it suffers from a loss of clothing and poor performance, is still in the mainstream of the market with overpriced heat pumps (<$5,000).
The one-stop dryer works better, but the drop is difficult, with a unit price concentrated in a high-price belt of over $15,000, with Casati (Heir) c8 products in the vanguard. And the lack of hot products (i.e. both high-quality performance and value for money) of around $6000-100000, leading to a significant blank zone in the end-product price zone, pa, China’s market hot (based on sales in 22 years)
4.4 One-basket business: The company's first revolutionary molecular sifting unit, with a high price break of $5999 in the form of a molecular silicate material, made mainly from silicon and aluminium connected through oxygen bridges, with a homogenous microhole with a aperture equivalent to average molecular size and good adsorption capability. Due to its strong adsorption capacity, molecular sifting in the form of humid rotation wheels is widely applied in highly sophisticated laboratories, battery plants, semiconductor chip factories.
Molecular sifting has been widely applied in industrial wetting, but the toc consumption scene has not yet been broken, due to technology, materiality, etc. Through continuous research and development of inputs, the company has innovatively introduced molecular sifting as a drying solution, distinguishing it from the traditional heat pumps.
The steam deweating method is used to dehumidize clothing by adsorption, coupled with a double-cycle wind path, and the drying process does not depend on excessive temperatures to achieve low temperature drying. The company ' s drying unit is a self-research molecule sifting module, which is constructed as a molecular sifting layer to increase water absorption capacity and absorbs an area of 2.88 million square metres, or approximately 45 football fields.
The two-cycle windway system combines molecular sifting to achieve a higher-quality low-temperature drying effect. The company ' s molecular sifting machine joins the two-cycle windmills, which include a closed air circulation system that drys windways and restores windways. The dry wind path is sifted by molecules that sift the water on their clothes, while the return wind path is drained from the molecular sift, restoring molecular sifting capacity.
Diagram: Molecular Screening Map: 4.4 Bump-a-Dub: The company's first revolutionary Molecular Scrubing-a-Map, with a high value of $5999 and a significant advantage in the i.e., the Molecular Sift-based Musher, effectively addressing traditions
Diagram: Zero-cycle molecules sift low-temperature drying techniques Dry-team pain points: 1) Zero-cycle molecules sift low-temperature drying techniques to protect wool, silk
The company's molecular sifting machine is drying through the drying process, and the molecule sifting wheels are slowly shifting under the driver, when the sorbent wheels are saturated with water absorbent molecules in the air zone.
High temperature heating in the regenerative zone for decomposition and regenerative process begins, the moisture in the tube enters the molecular sift under the influence of the circulation fan, is also heated up at the same time as the high-efficiency suction, and finally enters the tube again.
Electrothermal products, products that apply molecular sifting drying techniques, lower drying temperatures, low-temperature drying, good performance with protective colours, optimal drying temperatures for each face, and avoidance of high-temperature colours for clothing.
Molecular sifting is certified by the National Electric Institute.
Technical requirements and test methods for performance, silk fabric care performance development of the Technical Code for Low-temperature Drying Carptops, company xqgh 120rr01, xqgh 120rr02 fully automatic dryer dryer with low-temperature dryer
Clothes authentication (Certificate No. chct2023q1460001. 4.4 The company's first revolutionary molecular sifting unit, with $599 in • 2) the rr algorithm +ntc smart sensors enable intelligent shampoo. The company's drying machine uses rr washing algorithms and integrates five ntc smart sensors.
In order to make smart adjustments to heating power depending on the clothing, special material clothing such as feathers, wools, silks, etc. is carefully washed, the temperature is precisely controlled to 10 milliseconds, the clothing is overcooked effectively, and users do not have to wash special clothing at the laundry to meet the needs of their families for diversified drying. 3) dd-drivers are used to reduce noise effects. The traditional washing machine uses a bldc-to-frequency machine, which, although it has a certain cost advantage, is used.
Because of the belt transfer, the stopover is somewhat delayed, and it is accompanied by such pains as high noise and the age of the belt. The company uses a d-directed frequency machine, which is driven through the bearings and axes, which effectively avoids the intermediate deceleration of gears and slows.
Blocking of particles, rinsing the filter using a dedicated waterway, without manual cleaning of the fume collector. Chart: dd direct current powerer versus fur filter system Chart: bldc power (left) versus dd direct-drive frequency (right)
4.4 One baker business: The company's first revolutionary molecular sifting machine, with $5,999 worth of high-value discounting, is about to be completed. Chart: Molecular sifting technology has had significant advantages in 24 years, pe 28x, 23x, 20x. The market is expected to increase further, considering that new items are being sold in the company's sweeper.
Improved external marketing margins, with new products in the North American region expected to continue the last product cycle, counter-market growth, accelerating the capture of the share of high-end test products; companies washing the whole machine opened up a long new curve, giving a “buy-in” rating. First, overseas consumption was not restored as expected;
iii. Sales of new items have fallen short of expectations. Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is 91,533,0007,576,5982d.