Internal sales are concerned with new products and promotions, external sales are looking at Europe's growth rate from negative to positive.
The 618 major push to boost the volume of land sweeper sales has shifted from negative to negative, with companies pushing up and down to widen the price belt, and the value for money p10 has continued to rise; the export of q2 to the low base, looking at Europe as growing at negative turn, and the US has continued to do so: the accumulation of technological drops and improved industry competition are expected to maintain a steady level of profitability.
• 618 pre-sale data validate the upwards of sales in the under-sales industry, and the logic of keeping the share of the stone from the new torque, from mirror pre-sale data, the first round of pre-sale in the Skycat Channel 618 +32 per cent, of which stones + 75 per cent, with better company prices, full-scale spot-scanner p10 priced $3299.
Three hundred and thirty-five thousand dollars is less competitive, and clouds and whales are making slower progress, looking at their share of the company as they continue to rise. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Slip, watch the dealer start a negative shift in Europe’s income growth from a low base with a new build-up, while the Amazon channels in France, Spain, and so on are expected to recover their own business and replicate American success stories. The North American market, with its high-end product-based variations, is on the Amazon line, maintaining a high rate of growth, with a steady increase in market occupancy and a black five.
The Asia-Pacific region, accompanied by a steady upturn in major markets, such as Japan and Korea, and a sustained expansion of emerging markets, such as South-East Asia. With improved external sales, improved competition in the domestic sales sector, and a technology drop, corporate profitability is expected to remain stable.
At the cost-side, industry-flow competition slows down, performance falls, and the bottom rebounds - company information.
After 2023q1, the forward foreign exchange contract will be closed and will no longer affect net profits, constituting a low base profit for the financial rate.
With the warming of profitable markets in Europe and Asia and the Pacific, and the improvement of many factors, profitability is expected to remain stable. The share of ground sweepers has increased steadily – company information updates.
Keep an eye on the upswing. Corporate update. Sales: Second quarter. Business sales are back on track, corporate prices are driving up. 1.1. Business sales are going up from negative to positive, driving industry penetration back to higher space.
Since 2021, the driving force behind the growth of sales in the industry has shifted from a volume increase to a price increase. Growth in the land sweep industry can be divided into two phases: a volume increase before 2019, and a price increase after 2019. More specifically, replacement, growth in the average price of the product, which is the driving factor for the sales at that stage, is also the excessive price belt.
This has led to a decline in sales growth, as shown by the industry ' s failure to start lowering prices in April 2022, with an average of $4,910 per product from the clean-up and all-power base station.
RMB, which accounts for more than 13% of the annual disposable income per capita of the population — domestic land sweep robot penetration, 2017-2019 2020
We believe that the product of the clean-up all-power station has reached a stage where the product is good enough for the industry headlines.
The brand’s roll-out of full-priced station products, the expansion of product price belts, and the second quarter’s push to boost demand for high-priced products were released, with a negative shift in the growth rate of sales to the industry. Vertical contrasts, sweeper products are expected to replicate air conditioners, and smartphone penetration increases.
The number of households is the denominator, with a product replacement cycle of three years to measure the retention rate, and in 2021 China had 5.6 units per 100 inhabitants of land-cleaning towns, with a wide range of growth opportunities compared to household electricity options such as empty ice-washing.
We believe that, as a good enough tool to free your hands, it is possible to replicate the growth path of the class, gradually increasing the penetration rate by lowering the price of the good product. Figure 7: The penetration rate of the cleaning machine products is lower than that of household electricity, such as ice-washing.
Figure 8: The impact of lower prices on the penetration rate of air-conditioning products is significant. Figure 9: The effect of lower prices on smart phones on the penetration rate is significant - the average price of air-conditioning as a percentage of the income of urban residents (left axis)
1.2. Competition patterns: watch the stone expands its price belt under the new product, continues to raise its market share. First team: the price of the stone brand has widened further, with the city rising in April, and Kovos is expected to remain stable. With the gradual delivery of the new product, the market share of the stone was achieved in April 2023, respectively.
23.4 per cent/30.8 per cent ring ratio +6.3/+9.1 pcts respectively. Compared to the main sale in 2022, only g10s, the main sale of stones in 2023 covered entry value ratio p10, flagship performance g20 and parameter upgrades for older g10s g10s, which had a stock of new items in the 3,000-5,000 price bands, and the new product p10 was located in the 3,000-3500 price bands.
Covos is expected to maintain a stable share by launching a series of new items such as x1s, t20s, and a little cc.
J2 auto-upgrading functions complete a continuous breakthrough in the market share, but in recent years the product has slowed down. Under the new product, no new product was released in 2023, the existing j3 lacked automatic dust collection modules, and it was not possible to identify the items, and the product power deficit gradually became apparent, and the market share is expected to decrease.
Figure 10: The market for stone sweepers reached 23.4 per cent in April 2023, figure 11: the market for stone sweepers reached 30.8 per cent in April 2023, 1.3 per cent, the first round of pre-sale data sales increased negatively, companies performed better than industry.
The annual income ratio was 71.1 per cent/17.2 per cent, and the same income ratio was +13.1/+3.8 pcts.
In April 2023, the total share of sales of cleaners rose by 71.1 per cent to 8.3 pcts, with a continuous increase in sales of 23.9 pcts to 52.0 per cent.
According to pre-sale data, the industry gradually realized the logic of price swaps and increase in the share of stones. According to magic mirror data, the sales/sales of the floor sweeps ranged from 6.9 per cent to 31.8 per cent, respectively, and the sales of the floor sweeps were reversed.
The volume market was 32.8 per cent, of which the P10 series (average value $3299) pre-sold 22,500, representing 50.7 per cent of total pre-sales sales; Coworth pre-sales +23.6 per cent/-1.0 per cent, respectively, and 46578 pre-sales, 34.4 per cent, of which t20pro (average price $3999) pre-sold 33,500, or total brands.
According to Kuchang, sales/sales of household appliances, land-cleaning machines and goods are equal to +37.8 per cent and 35.5 per cent respectively. According to brand names, the sales/sales of stones are equal to +94.7 per cent/+81.4 per cent, respectively.
2. Outward sales: o2 new items opened to turn the European market in reverse, US-Asian channels continued to ring, stone technology markets were under pressure from 2022q2 and the rate of growth in the first quarter was positive or negative. Sales from 2022q4 were also positive under the European Christmas and United States Christmas+primeday promotions. 2023q1 sales were offline.
2.1 Europe: 2023q2 has entered the low base, and the rejuvenation of the distributor's lifts has led to a long-term expectation that other parts of Europe will replicate Germany's success stories and continue to scale up their incomes.
The company has gained more experience in the opening and operation of German markets, the United States Amazon, etc., and is expected to continue to raise the income of the European region in the course of the subsequent recovery of Amazonian channels and intensive farming. 2.2, M.A.: High-strike, high-selling tactics continue to work, and the opening of the under-line channel is expected to contribute.
The North American market has been growing at a high rate, and the city’s share has been rising steadily. The Amazonian channel, which is differentiated by high-end products, has built up a series of high-end new products, a series of new q-values, and a continuous expansion of the product matrix, with sales going beyond the shark and after the irobot.
The North American market continues to be high-strengthed, pushing up the product structure. Unlike irobot, shark, stone branding high-end price belts. In the first quarter of 2023, combined sales/distributions of high-end flag series products reached 74.6%/80.7% respectively, of which the latest s7 product sales/distributions ratio reached 74.6%/80.7%, respectively.
26.5/44.3% Stone q5+ and s8proultra are ranked 19/30 on Amazon Bestseller, which is ranked on the basis of sales.
The company's influence in the US-Asia market is now increasing, and we keep looking at the rocks, and we're on the US-Asia line, and we're going to break through the line and build a new income increase. 2.3. Asia and the Pacific: the floor scene is dominated, and we're looking at the demand for clean products.
Markets such as those in Asia and the Pacific continue to expand as new products are taken up, business is returning steadily. Given that Asia-Pacific households are predominantly floor-based, it is hoped that new items from clean-up stations will be sold, and, for example, in South-East Asia, where there is still a relatively blank space, the Public Affairs Division is expected to promote market expansion by shifting the mode of recovery to self-employment.
The increase in the cost of company sales was mainly due to a delay in the release of new products and a delay in the recognition of revenue. The increase in the 2022q4/2023q1 rate was due to a delay in the release of new products and a delay in the recognition of revenue.
In contrast, the domestic market of 2023q1 has issued four new items, and the remaining three products, with the exception of g10pure, are shipped in April. In absolute terms, sales costs of 2023q1 are 240 million, compared to 2022q1 sales of 180 million, and competition in the industry has been slowing down, resulting in a steady increase in the cost of sales of 2023q2.
On the one hand, head brands continue to increase their marketing investment in order to maintain market access, and on the other hand, when new brands are financed and new brands are sought, they increase advertising in pursuit of sales, making the trade more competitive and costly.
According to the search, in 2022, there was a significant loss under the aggressive cost-infusion strategy to pursue marketing, and in 2023, it was expected that the cost-infusion rate would decline, while the cost-infusion focus on medium- and long-term branding, medium-end and high-end product sales.
The pressure to invest to sustain growth is expected to be reduced, with firms expected to have less competitive pressure at the end of the flow in 2023, sales, business structure, higher net interest rates in distribution patterns such as Europe and the Asia-Pacific region, and a recovery in demand in Europe in 2023, which is expected to lead to an improvement in the income structure and an increase in overall profitability.
Product and income structural shifts, falling prices of raw materials, multiple drops have a positive impact on the company ' s Māori ratio. (1) The company is expected to increase its bargaining power with upstream suppliers and promote business drops through a sustained expansion of its size. (2) Supply chain drops by facilitating the introduction of core spare parts two and three. (3) Through technology
(iv) Reduce and assemble the original product and control the cost if the model is reused. For example, rock brands in 2023 have a new product, g10 spare, compared to g10s, and two cliff sensors, low end p10 product with a second-line laser radar, drop.
According to the domestic spot price of abbs plastics, the current price was $9550 per ton on 26 May 2023, a 25.4 per cent decline from the same date. Since October 2022, the domestic spot price of abbs plastics has continued to decline, taking into account the decline in the price of raw materials and corporate reporting.
The Māori rate reflects a lag, and we believe that the drop in raw material prices is expected to be reflected in the positive contribution to Cavos and the Māori rate of stone technology in 2023. On the basis of this, we expect that the profitability of stone technology will remain stable in 2023.
4. Launch of a new round of equity incentives and career partnership schemes, binding core management Long-term development of interest support companies Launch of a new round of equity incentives to be introduced through targeted stock distribution, including:
We believe that it will help to align the core cadre with the interests of listed companies and promote the long-term sustainability of the company.
In addition, the company ' s new stock-holding programme, launched in the course of a new round of corporate partnerships, is aimed at, among other things, senior managers, core technicians, corporate governance, enhancing staff cohesion and company competitiveness, and promoting long-term, sustained and healthy company development.
(a) Incentives: the number of shares to be held in the employee holding plan does not exceed 2,383,000, or about 0.25 per cent of the total equity of 93,691.16 million shares on the date of the announcement of the draft employee holding plan;
This equity incentive and employee-holding program is characterized by a wide range of incentives, low award prices, and low income targets. We believe that low-target equity incentives, as a high-tech industry driven by innovation, are expected to retain more core talent to achieve long-term corporate development.
Intra-marketing, 618 major push-and-pull-and-scan business sales are going from negative to negative, with companies pushing up and down the price band, value-for-money p10 pulling up the share: outward sales, 2023o2 entering the low base, looking good for Europe.
The continent’s growth rate has shifted from negative to positive, and the US-Asia has continued to rise; the expected sales of new products are not as high as expected, with a combination of technological drops and improved profitability in terms of industry competition; the price risk of raw materials; and the demand for high overseas inflation is not as high as expected.