Quick Report on China's stock performance: Performance is up to date. Quick Report on China's stock performance. Quick Report on China's stock performance: Performance is up to expectations, looking at the company's long-term growth trends.
To get warm, according to China’s security industry network, in the second quarter of 2019, the ADS (engineering) sales rate was 143, rising 18 points in the ring comparison, which was equal to the same period last year, higher than in the second quarter of 17 years. On the other hand, companies have indicated in their public sources that they want to manage costs by pressurizing water, reducing losses, and controlling costs in the first half of the year.
Channel deepening + downstream expansion, and several initiatives to reduce overseas volatility. First, the number of overseas branches of companies increased from 42 to 54 in 2018, gradually spreading the risk of single-country sales. Second, by 2019, the Chinese stock had entered the commercial market with multiple core chips, and its 4k real-time back-and-end chip product allowed companies to remain technologically and product-leading in the same axle simulations of high clearance.
The hoc strategy is moving forward, and the Video Alliance transition has been upgraded to open up the space for growth. The company has developed model projects in areas such as finance (China’s banker’s new network model for digital intelligence and space), medical care (the Henan Provincial People’s Hospital builds the Smart Peace Hospital) and the gradual transition of traditional security to a video network, with long-term growth space.
34 times, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Powerful: Chief of the Education & Small and Medium Disk & Computer Industry at the Human Life Institute, joined the Institute of Human Security in 2019, Shanghai and abroad, compared to the third member of the “Communication and Culture” team.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, it seeks to be objective and objective.