Company rating: refining and trade. 30/04/04 2024. Quality efficiency and steady oil and gas efficiency gains were significant, with 24q1 surplus.
China's oil (601857.sh) has continued to boost efficiency, steady oil and gas, and a steady increase in profits in the 24q1 upstream operations during the reporting period.
The company ' s oil and gas and new energy sources, refineries and new materials, sales, and gas sales, respectively, managed 21.5 per cent of Sun Tshigen ' s business.
Advances in the improvement of the efficiency of the oil and gas exploration and storage effort by maintaining a steady increase in oil and gas production and increasing cost-control measures. 2401 Company crude oil, salesable natural gas production, 239.6 million barrels, 134.477 billion cubic feet, an increase of 1.4 per cent and 3.9 per cent, respectively; unit fuel and gas operating costs, respectively
10.4 US$/barrells, a 1.8 per cent decline over the same period, on the other hand, was the continuation of faster growth in the demand for natural gas markets during the reporting period, combined with lower costs of purchasing imported gas and a two-fold increase in the efficiency of natural gas sales.
During the reporting period of 67.10 billion cubic metres, an increase of 7.5 per cent over the same period, an average sales price of $9.4 per thousand cubic feet for refined oil products, narrow profit margins in international trade and a delay in profit performance in downstream operations of 24q1, our economy continued to pick up well, domestic demand for finished oil markets continued to grow, and chemical products went downstream.
The company’s recovery of domestic demand is a positive moment, with the volume of crude oil processed by 24q1, the volume of finished oil produced, the volume of finished oil sold and the volume of chemical products sold three hundred and thirty-three.8 million barrels, the profit from operating oil and selling, respectively, falling sharply; and the volume of chemical products sold and the profit from the loss of the Guangdong petrochemicals.
The impact is that the chemical industry of 24q1 has increased by the same amount. The objectives of the operations are clear, and the company's long-term development base will be solid in 2024.
With five major development strategies: innovation, resources, markets, internationalization, green low-carbons, sustained optimization of production operations, and advanced efficiency gains. In oil, gas and new energy operations, companies will insist on efficient exploration and efficient exploitation, and will strive to increase production in storage, with a planned crude oil production of 909.2 million barrels in 2024 and a marketable natural gas.
Production is 51,260 billion cubic feet and total oil and gas equivalents are 17,663 million barrels. In the oil refining and chemical new materials business, companies will work to increase the production of efficient refined oil products and new chemical materials.
In addition, the company will continue to optimize its marketing and gas sales business model and improve the efficiency of its links. With the steady growth of its operations, the company’s business performance in 2024 is expected to be robust, and its long-term development base will be further strengthened.
[Galactic Chemical] company reviews - China Oil (601857.sh) - Performances - [Galactic Chemical] company reviews - China Oil (601857.sh)_q2 Risks of downgrade in the atmosphere, etc.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Two years of research experience in the chemical industry and joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2023. This report is provided to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.