Quarterly report for 2021 and operating income of $16.397 billion in the first quarter of 2021.
+27.58 per cent for the same year; +565 million yuan for the same year; +26.73 per cent for the deduction of the non-mortality net profit; +1 quarter, share of corporate brokerage, investment, management, credit, self-employment, other business
In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved net revenue from securities underwriting under the first name, the first name, and the first name, respectively; the number of ipo projects was 11, ranking under the sector's wealth management transition, with significant growth in revenue from brokerage and financial management.
The net revenue from brokering was 3,522 million yuan, compared to 31.39 per cent in the previous year; it benefited mainly from three-quarters of two-quarter municipal transfers and was active. In the first quarter of 2021, net revenues from corporate management were 2,788 million yuan, or +72.39 per cent, and are expected to be associated with a significant increase in the size of the management of the summer fund, which prompted a significant increase in the size of the company ' s proactive management.
Credit business income increased significantly. In the first quarter of 2021, net corporate credit revenue was $1,067 million, or +240.65 per cent. At the end of the reporting period, the net value of the company ' s savings was $117,890 million, mainly due to a reduction in the purchase of re-sale financial assets, resulting in a reduction in credit impairment losses.
Increased collection of broker clients and agents, with a deposit of $35.76 billion, compared with the beginning of the year, +822.18 per cent, representing mainly a change in the size of the bond that has been taken over by affiliated subsidiaries, and a significant decrease in revenue from self-employment. In the first three quarters of 2020, companies achieved net revenue from self-employment.
Investment proposals. Corporate investment industry leads, credit and financial management significantly increased; company co-opt.
The dominant position has been significant, following up on corporate wealth transformation and multi-business development and development, such as ficc, and maintaining a company’s prudential recommended rating. The rating system’s “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.