Medium-letter securities (600030.sh) Intense asset quality, sustained improvement 54,383 million yuan, +26.06 per cent year-on-year, industry average operating income + 24.41 per cent; net return achieved
Corporate bright spots: 1. Brokering: successful transformation of wealth management business, number of wealth management clients compared to capital stock increase by 0.47 percentage points to 6.13 per cent of corporate equity market share in 2020, wealth management and bond cover are industry leaders. 3. Self-employment: change in direction.
One hundred million yuan. The size of equity investments, more than 70 single projects (including venture boards and investments) and the amount of investment have made a breakthrough in management, with the private sector ranked first in size. In 2020, the company managed business achieved revenue. The market share of the private asset management business under the new regulations was about 13.50 per cent, ranked first in the industry.
This intermediary business: finance coupons are in the lead, and equity risk accounts are well advanced. In 2020, companies achieved a market-oriented approach, leading dealers with advantages in terms of capital strength, risk-pricing capacity, business layout, and so on, in the context of continued progress in capital market reforms.
The firm position, the capitalization of the investment, the out-of-the-horizon, and so on, is promising the future of the company.
By the end of 2020, the total assets and total liabilities were equal to 100% of the original Guangzhou securities, and the original Guangzhou securities and liabilities were accounted for by the company; and the second was the leverage of the company (net of agency securities) by 4.04 times as much as in late 2019.
In 2020, the company made provision for impairment of assets that showed signs of impairment, thereby maintaining the quality of the company ' s assets. In 2020, it lost $7,076 million. Of the credit impairment losses, approximately $4.9 billion were losses on the purchase of re-saled financial assets, $700 million were offset, profits increased at a lower rate than industry averages, and net asset returns were five years higher.
The firm ' s robust growth in 2020 was mainly due to market turnover, expansion of fund distribution, reforms in the registration system and loose refinancing policies, which benefited from positive factors that led to high growth in corporate brokerage, capital management, and investment ventures.
(i) Brokerage: successful transformation of wealth management operations, decline in the number of wealth management clients and capital commission rate to 3.09 per cent, the number of clients continues to grow, and the number of wealth management clients has increased at an average rate of 60 per cent over the same time as assets. The number of high-value clients with more than 6 million yuan per person is 27,000, the size of assets is 1.3 trillion and the wealth management account has 13,000.
Households, undersigned clients with assets exceeding $170 billion, have been able to sell their financial products $94.47 billion a year, compared to +21 per cent, fund retention, maintain the origin of the brokering business, deepen the development of wealth management, enrich the product and service system, strengthen the core wealth allocation capacity, strengthen the pool of highly qualified professionals, implement the global integrated development requirements, integrate retail and wealth management across borders, and explore clients.
Households provide full-product services both within and outside the country. (ii) Bank operations: overall stock-taking has increased, leading to a strong leadership position.
(iii) Self-employment: the transition to directional investment has borne fruit, alternative investment businesssheets companies achieved their own investment income in 2020 at the same rate as +12.7 to 17.9 billion, and self-investment is the core driver of performance growth
The company’s own business is moving towards a directional investment that reduces the reliance of low performance on a single-directional shift in the market through the use of derivatives, quantitative analysis and diversified strategies. Corporate equity investments grew in 2020, and bond investments declined in size.
In 2020, more than 70 new Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sinai projects were invested in close to RMB 4 billion, resulting in a net profit of RMB 1.76 billion, or +35%, for the year as a whole.
(iv) Capital management: A breakthrough in proactive management, with private fund-raising being ranked first in the size of a company's asset management business, with revenue from management + under the umbrella of a fund subsidiary. In 2020, the management fee was $2.474 billion. The market share of production management operations (excluding pension operations, public fund-raising and securitization products) was about 13.50 per cent.
The Fund's operations achieved income of $5,532 million, an increase of 35.73 per cent. The size of its management assets in late summer 2020 was (v) capital intermediation: the size of the loan coupons was ahead of schedule and equity risk was adequate. In 2020, the company achieved net interest income of $2,580 million, an increase of 26.50 per cent, of which $6,793 million was interest on the loan coupons.
Regulation drives the creation of carrier-led bonds, which, in the context of continued progress in capital market reforms, have an advantage in terms of capital strength, risk-fixing capacity, and business layout. Companies have a strong niche in traditional business such as brokerage, investment banks, prominent emerging business such as investment capitalization, out-of-the-horizon rights, promising new breakthroughs in future corporate business, first-time coverage.
The securities investment advisory business is the activity in which the institution and its consultants obtain the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority to provide securities investors or customers with information, analysis, prediction or advice on portfolio investment and direct or indirect charges for services.
The data used are from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be unique.