Events: Sino-Sin securities published a quarterly report in 2021, 1q21 achieved operating income of $16.397 billion, with strong growth and strong leadership.
\triangleright sales of $251.183 billion, i.e. +11.58 per cent of the year, ranked first in the industry, with the city holding the same stock as last year, and expected to continue to grow at a high rate in 2021.
Mailbox: Wangfangzhao@cin Management has increased in size and income, and active public fund-raising performance is high. In the first quarter of 2021, management achieved a net income of $2.788 billion, compared to +72.42 per cent, the first significant increase since the new regulations.
Upgraded. As a result of the new rules of access, the company continues to push for a mass public fund-raising process that will expand the size of its management to $10.52 billion in 2020, and expands the scope of its management to “one-by-one” public comment, allowing the same subject to control at the same time.
The liberalization of the policy, with a foundation company and a publicly owned company, means that the securities management subsidiary of the holding fund has also been able to obtain a public fund-raising license to facilitate the participation of bond dealers in the public fund-raising industry.
The company actively manages all its subsidiaries and conducts public fund-raising operations, making it more profitable to get a public license, and a trillion-class carrier. With public fund-raising support, asset management and revenue are expected to be substantial in 2021.
2020h1 rating " Investment returns-driven performance growth, combined strength continues to take the lead " Increased market share of brokering and blended business, and enhanced combined capacity for asset realization for clients.
\triangleright 2019, "Accelerated scale, leader, $3.52 billion in securities processing fees, 31.42 per cent more than in the city.
The average daily turnover increases, indicating a further increase in the market share of corporate agents trading securities. Credit models are further compressed, and risks are manageable. Companies are deepening the transformation of wealth management, brokering is taking on the burden of gaining access to passenger flows, and capital intermediation is the same thing that brings a firm a steady spread of income.
The company’s share in the market has been expanded simultaneously, and the combined ability of the customer’s assets to realize will be further enhanced.
Investment proposal: Deepening capital market reforms and further increasing concentration in the securities sector as Dragon \triangleright
In the first place, the competitive advantage of companies in such business areas as investment, asset management, wealth management, and so forth, with their capital strength, risk pricing capacity, business synergy, is evident, and Roe is expected to continue to rise, recommending that monetary policy tightening lead to a significant decline in stock market transactions; and capital market reforms are not.
In November 2019, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for non-monetary financial researchers.
Judinin, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Jing, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.