The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC): 18 months of annual reporting by companies, generating business income of $11.9 billion in the first half of the year, a 20.2 per cent increase.
The net return to the mother was 1.78 billion yuan, or 41.9 per cent more than the previous year, or 52.1 per cent more than the previous year, with the result that the net profit to the lower-pressure division was reduced to $7.83 billion, compared to $7.83 billion for the lower-pressure division.
The price of low-pressure electrical raw materials has increased slightly since this year, and the company ' s counter-market rise is a reflection of both cost control and bargaining power; (1) internal cost controls, such as plant smart transformation, are effective; and (2) some products have increased slightly.
High-end direct sales brand Nojak is on the run for the future: the controlling subsidiary Nojak continues to focus on the high-end product market and is working hard to open up, generating business revenues of $270 million during the reporting period, an increase of 22.3 per cent compared to 22.3 per cent, and the current reporting period has been successful in reversing the losses, achieving a net profit of $21.39 million and holding companies in high-end markets.
It is to be expected that the expansion will promote import substitution and optimize the structure of the company’s products. The percentage point is to be found. The new energy development of wholly-owned subsidiaries is aimed at further expanding and improving marketing channels, with a current revenue of $3.99 billion, an increase of 12.7 per cent, and a net profit of $640 million, an increase of 92.8 per cent.
The company's photovoltaic plate is dominated by three profitable models of “operational + transfer +epc”. As of 30 June, the Department held a centralized power station of 1208mw, with a corresponding electricity charge of $690 million, distributed power station of 842.8mw, and a corresponding electricity charge of $270 million, with a concentration of 200mw less than the size of the quarter and an increased distribution.
200mw, which indicates that the company’s power station structure is being optimized and assets are being upgraded. The corresponding amounts are 13 times, 11 times and nine times.
Company 1 described a steady growth in both low-pressure appliances and photovoltaics in 18 years, with robust income growth and excellent cash flow performance: in the first half of 2018, the company achieved revenues of $11.9 billion, quarterly performance, net profits of $1.21 billion, and ring growth of 88.6 per cent, a 30 per cent increase in the same year.
On the basis of branding, sales and technological advantages, the company achieved a principal gain of $7.83 billion in the low pressure segment of H1 in 18 years, an increase of 23.3 per cent compared with 23.3 per cent in the year, while the controlling subsidiary, Nojak, continued to focus on high-end product markets and work to open them, generating an operating income of $270 million during the reporting period, an increase of 22.3 per cent compared to the previous period, and successfully realized a loss of profit of $21.39 million during the reporting period.
In the first half of the year, against the backdrop of policy influences in the photovoltaic sector, the company’s photo-voltaic block achieved a reverse market growth of $3.83 billion in 18 years, an increase of 10.7% over the same period, in which the new energy development of its wholly-owned subsidiary committed itself to a further expansion of marketing channels.
The company's photovoltaic plate is dominated by three profitable models of “operating + transferring +epc.” As of 30 June, the company held a centralized power station of 1208mw, with a corresponding electricity charge of 690 million yuan and a distributed power station of 200mw, indicating that the company's power station structure is being optimized and assets upgraded.
The overall Māori ratio remains stable: the company’s overall Māori rate was about 29.4 per cent in the first half of 18th year, down 0.1 per cent from the same year.
In the first half of 2018, corporate sales/management/financial costs were at a market opening, and transport, advertising, and labour costs increased faster, respectively. The lower financial cost of companies was mainly due to the company’s excellent operating cash flow and its strong financial power,18
The net operating cash flow of H1 amounted to $1.05 billion a year, an increase of 28.9 per cent over the same year, while accounting for $6.06 billion in monetary funds, and the company ' s operating cash flow performed well. The supply chain was relatively strong up and down: $1.05 billion operating cash flow of H1 a year in 2018, an increase of 28.9 per cent over the same period. Corporate receivables rose by $2.77 billion, an increase of 37.9 per cent over the same period.
45.9 per cent, compared to receivables, payables and advance payments, the position of the company is relatively strong up and down the supply chain. Scenario 1: low-pressure electrical operations benefit from high-end product expansion and rising end-market consumption, scenario three: future market start-up for low-pressure appliances, recovery of demand in the photovoltaic industry, and company now in hand station 2.1gw
The construction of the 1.340 billion-dollar photovoltaic power plant was well under way, double and nine times. The company’s low-voltage electrical appliances were actively deployed in high-end markets, and the photovoltaic plates were well developed, giving 18 years of industry (swiii. Nose) no direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.