Trite Electric (601877.sh)
The first half of the year, when the company published its semi-annual report for 2018, the growth of the company's performance was higher than expected.
With low-pressure appliances rising faster, the photovoltaic plate has grown steadily. While companies continue to maintain their competitive edge in the low-pressure appliances industry, new business has gained momentum.
In the first half of 2018, the company’s low-pressure branch achieved $7.83 billion, an increase of 23%. The company’s marketing network advantages, brand advantages, technology and management advantages helped the company.
The company’s share of the domestic market is now around 17%, with the value of output growing for many years being the highest in the country. At the same time, the new brand of “Kunlen” – which the company focused on – succeeded, and in 2018, the company continued to promote the new Köln, reflecting the firm’s strong competitive edge and increasing and consolidating competitiveness.
During the first half of 2018, solar branch services achieved a business income of $3,831 million, an 11 per cent increase compared to the previous year, with a decline of 0.53 per cent in the Māori rate.
The introduction of the PV New Deal at the end of May made a certain impact on the company’s photovoltaic plate. But the home-based home-to-house photovoltaics are fast and long-term in the country, and are expected to grow twice as fast in 2018, being a home-to-house photo-volunteer company that completed the installation of 40,000 homes in 2017.
By the end of 2016, the company completed its acquisition of new energy sources, resulting in “low-pressure appliances + new photovoltaic energy”.
By PV, future listed companies will be actively taking advantage of the opportunity to open up the distribution of electricity, participate in the sale of electricity, build a regional microgrid that combines “new energy generation, distribution, distribution, use of electricity” to transform the business model; and actively develop terrestrial photovoltaic power stations while actively developing them.
Business and household photovoltaic systems, with full participation in the user-side distributed power market; development of energy Internet platforms that integrate industrial chain resources for photovoltaic power generation and electrical manufacturing, with a synergistic effect, to the continued growth of corporate low-voltage electrical panels and to the goal of taking the lead in the field of photovoltaics in households
Risk of uncertainty in domestic photovoltaic policy, slower distribution and slower growth of low-pressure appliances
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.