Jung-tae Electric (601877.sz) Song Qiu-mei.
A net profit of $1,782 million (yoy+41.87%) was realized, of which $280 million was net profit from the sale of power plants, and a 28% increase in net profit from the main business without deducting the proceeds from the sale of power stations was expected. Reds were also distributed at $2 per 10 shares, plus $7 per 10 shares at the beginning of the year, which was generous.
The net profits generated by the station are 280 million, excluding the 28% increase in net profits from the main business of selling power plants. Of these, the second quarter saw a fall in performance and an increase in operating income of 14.90%, mainly as a result of the PV business of the company. The first half of the year saw a decline in the PV income rate of 11%.
But corporate incomes rose to 23% at a low-pressure income rate of 68%. The company's combined Māori rate during the first half of the year was low-pressure reheating, “Kunlon” and high-profile overseas performance: companies as low-pressure electrical taps, competing for a product mix.
The advantage is evident in the fact that low-pressure operations in the first half of the year generated revenues of $7.83 billion, an increase of 23 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the expansion of offshore speed and the sale of original components to industry and package solutions, and the rapid growth of the high end of the new product, with 136 per cent in the first half of the year, which now accounts for 30 per cent of low-pressure products.
Right, while low-pressure operations grew by 51% abroad, the rapid growth was largely due to the company’s overseas deployment. 33.1% of the low-pressure portion of the Maori, a slight increase of 0.92% over the previous year, was largely due to the same 11% increase in the photovoltaic plates suggested by some of the products.
The industry generated $3.831 billion, an increase of 11 per cent, and was largely affected by the May PV New Deal, with a slight increase of $960 million, or 30 per cent, in electricity settlement charges for the first half of the year. The company made a switch to power stations, sold Western Europe and Centralized Power Stations, acquired 17 distributed photovoltaic projects in Lungi, concentrated in the east.
In addition, the distributed power station yields are higher than those of the ground station, the centralized assembly has fallen by 200mw, the distribution has increased by 200mw, the structure of the power station has been further optimized, the rate of return has improved, cash flow has been secured, and the expected remuneration (expactedreturn; er) is given as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.