Good water is driving electricity generation to an all-time high, the Yangtze Power (60090.sh) capital operation offsets the expiry of tax incentives.
2.2 per cent: net profit attributable to parent companies of 22.630 billion yuan, an increase of 1.66 per cent: good (i) performance, with a record high level of electricity generation; 15.7 billion cubic metres of total water coming from the streaming reservoir in 2018, an increase of 13.21 per cent over the same period;
The three-thousand reservoirs provide 457 billion cubic metres of water, an increase of 8.44 per cent. The company uses the contemplation of the gradient power station to take reasonable advantage of better water opportunities, tap into the potential for electricity growth and generate 215,482 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 2.18 per cent over the same period. In addition to the 3-85 per cent reduction in electricity generated by the Gojia dam power station, the three gorges, and the other 3.85 per cent decrease.
The volume of electricity generated from the streams and dams increased by 4.11 per cent, 1.76 per cent and 0.72 per cent, respectively. (ii) Capital operations offset the negative impact of VAT, as the value-added tax return policy for large hydropower enterprises expired on 31 December 2017 for public use
The overall performance of the Division has had some impact. In the context of the 2.2 per cent increase in income, the net profit from non-repatriation fell by 0.81 per cent as compared to the same. But the company took advantage of its own cash flow and invested around hydropower to offset the maturity of the policy through diversification.
The gain of $621 million represents a significant increase over last year’s $229 million, which significantly offsets the negative impact of the maturity of income tax benefits. We believe that companies, through their mastership and investment, are able to sustain positive growth in profits against a background of tax expiry.
(iii) High rates of dividends, the advantages of defensive attributes, the pressures of downward pressure, market uncertainties, and the advantages of corporate defense attributes continue to be highlighted. As the world’s largest hydroelectric company, companies are given excellence, resource endowments are scarce, and red.
The value of the cash flow is very high. Companies are actively responding to industry trends, seizing new opportunities for change, building a “power generation, distribution, distribution” and improving the industrial layout. Companies are actively investing abroad and operating, managing, consulting and expanding their operations around the main industry.
1 [Galactic Power Week] Yangtze Power (6009000.sh) _ 3-quarter report reports on the return of the value added tax (VAT) on water abundance as a driver of income growth due: Poor water prices: electricity consumption market expectations: Utund, crane beach power station
2 [Galactic Power Week] Yangtze Power (6009000) _ semi-annual report _ Capital operations guarantee profit growth _ 180831