• Mandated to convene the tenth session of the Board of Trustees for consideration and adoption at its twelfth meeting on the same day.
The Bill on the Granting of Restrictive Stock to Incentive Targets, which establishes the date of award of restricted stock as 29 December 2021, awarded the first of its kind to 441 incentives for 6,9286 million restricted shares.
On 2 December, the company was approved by the State Finance Committee for approval of the company's Equity Incentives Programme, which was released on 27 September, marking significant progress in corporate equity incentives.
There are no more than 521 members of the senior executive and core cadres, the number of restricted shares to be awarded The first number of participants in the final equity incentive programme was 441 and the first number of restricted stocks was 6.9286 million (of which the core cadre)
“The Treasure Study in the Cemetery: Revival Developments, Continuing Directions in the Regeneration” — 2021-12-22, which is a major challenge, puts higher demands on high-quality corporate growth.
Raising core cadres is important for creating sound corporate incentives. Companies are now shifting from high growth in investment costs to high growth in product pull, and brand power continues to grow.
First, the future of the company: the brand end: the two-brand strategy, the brands, the rejuvenation.
To promote brand influence by marketing in circles such as the state cellars; to raise the profile of the state cellars; to regenerate and tap the historical and cultural resources of the state; and to enhance the influence of the state brands by creating cultural ips such as the "Save the Great Book".
Focus on five monoliths, state cellars, and features. 1) High-end wine focuses on building the country's customers 1573; 2) Medium-end wine special series takes on the rise of the waist products, the old word is used as a channel of circulation, and 60 versions are currently used as a national channel of shopping.
End: The state cellar follows the strategy of its followers, and the special is expected to enter the 300-dollar price belt. 1) The state cellar is expected to follow the five-food fluid pricing strategy for the long term, and is expected to enter the 1,000-dollar price belt in the future. Fourth, channel: branding is a very effective model.
The company has implemented a branding model, created three branding companies, and the product is focused on fine operations. Fifth, the regional expansion: nationalization, short-boarding, sustained battles and east-south mapping.
China and North China together accounted for more than 85% of the total. In 2018, the company proposed the East-South project, China-East and South-East, and China-East and China-South, which were ranked below the ranking of the company, which is incompatible with the company's status and weight.
The risk of macroeconomic downsides, the epidemic is driving consumption, the epidemic is slowing consumption, the country’s population is growing faster than expected, and the expansive expansion is not taking place as expected.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, collection of hot beverage plates, in-depth study of the white and wine industry, etc.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or not for, the specific submissions or opinions contained in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.