The reason for the report is: q3 performance loop speed, net interest rate rising.
31 October 2021 The company issued a three-quarterly report with a net profit of $6.276 billion attributable to the parent owner in the first three quarters, an increase of 30.32 per cent over the same period; operating income of $14.11 billion, an increase of 21.65 per cent over the same period; and basic shares per share.
Of this, single q3 achieved operating income of $4,793 million, an increase of 20.89 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of $2,049 million, an increase of 28.48 per cent over the same period, and an increase in circular speed. This is mainly due to the increase in the proceeds of high- and middle-grade alcohol sales.
(b) The second-highest edition of the Xingzhou old suction, the centennial old succulent wine, etc., has been priced steadily up: Taki's products, such as the Xuzhou old succulent, have also been fully branded and branded.
Price re-engineering; custom wine is one of the most important growth poles of innovative development and personalized services in Penang County, where the overall competitive advantage of the “Pyramid” is highlighted. Total market value (billion): 3,354
In the first three quarters of 2021, sales were increased. Basic data: 31 December 2020, plus 2.73 pct, mainly due to faster growth in the cellar, with higher-middle-end production rising.
Net gold flows amount to 3,956 million yuan, an increase of 41.42 per cent over the same period; late-q3 contract liabilities, 1.905 billion equity incentives, which have increased confidence and corporate dynamism. Companies have recently introduced equity incentives that cover a wide range of areas and cover a large number of managers and technical cadres.
According to the company's strategic plan, “14th-five” strategy: “136.” Of these, “1” is China China, 28 Sin Rixi Street, Beijing City West Side.
This refers to the “first three” goal of a determined return to the white industry in China. Therefore, the implementation of equity incentives has also helped the Center’s seven-tier companies to achieve the 14th Plan.
The first three quarters of Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. achieved a growth of 21.65 per cent, and with the arrival of the season, it is hoped that it will be completed throughout the year, that there will be plenty of room for future price growth in the cellar and that the reform of the low- and middle-level alcohol will accelerate.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have no, no reason, nor will I be compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.