During the recovery, the cellar continued to lead (for the first time) to a steady increase in three quarters and a steady increase in profitability.
Company 2021q1-q3 collects $14.11 billion, or 22 per cent; parent net profit is 62.76 per cent faster than 2021q2 and returns double-digit growth; parent net profit is 2,049 million, or 28 per cent more, and continues to grow steadily. Contract liabilities at the end of 2021q3
The same increase of 2.73 pct is due to the increase in the Māori rate and the decline in the cost of sales.
The empty price belt between the age of the cellar and the 90-year-old, which further enriches the product matrix, is expected to be placed in the national cellar system.
In addition, on 2 December, the company was granted approval by the State Council of Chuangzhou for a programme of equity incentives issued by the company on 27 September, which marked significant progress in the promotion of corporate equity.
The programme includes no more than 521 directors, senior managers, middle managers and core cadres, and no more than 8.8346 million shares of restricted shares to be awarded; there are greater challenges in placing higher demands on high-quality corporate growth and upgrading cores
Motivation is important for building sound corporate incentives. Companies are changing from a high-growth way of spending costs to a high-growth way of relying on brand pull, and brand power continues to grow.
First, the future of the company: the brand end: the two-brand strategy, the brands, the rejuvenation.
To promote brand influence by marketing in circles such as China's guests, to raise the profile of brand names; to raise the profile of ancient Chinese guests, to regenerate and continuously tap the historical and cultural resources of the cellars, and to enhance the influence of the brands by creating cultural ips such as the Monument of Secrecy.
Focus on the five main monoliths, guests and specials. 1) High-end wine focuses on the construction of the country's 1573; 2) Medium-end wine special series assumes the burden of the rise of the waist products, the old word is used as a channel of communication, and 60 versions are currently used as a national channel of acquisition.
End: The state cellar follows the strategy of its followers, and the special is expected to enter the 300-dollar price belt. 1) The state cellar is expected to follow the five-food fluid pricing strategy for the long term, and is expected to enter the 1,000-dollar price belt in the future. Fourth, channel: branding is a very effective model.
The company has implemented a branding model, created three branding companies, and the product is focused on fine operations. Fifth, the regional expansion: nationalization, short-boarding, sustained battles and east-south mapping.
China and North China together accounted for more than 85% of the total. In 2018, the company proposed the East-South project, China-East and South-East, and China-East and China-South, which were ranked below the ranking of the company, which is incompatible with the company's status and weight.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, disease-delayed consumption, lack of growth of the cellars, provincial profile of the food and beverages group Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Beverages of hot drinks, in-depth studies of the white wine industry, etc., have been employed in the country's bonds, New Age securities, China's opportunities, and have been good at taking stock of short- and medium-term potential; have been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and have thought and insight into the deep market for soy wine.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.