..for the first time, the media in the world is absolutely the leader.
China’s second largest media group, after cctv, was born in 2003. The Department’s global launch of the elevator media was a pre-enactment campaign through the M&A of 3D military screenings.
Basic data (2017.10.13) is the absolute king of the media in the world of life. The company entered NASDAQ in 2005 and returned to a stock in 2015 with a seven-share equity loan, with a total market value of hundreds of billions, becoming the first in the Chinese media.
It created a network of media in the life circle covering some 290 cities throughout the country. Each group had 115 million elevator posters, 220,000 elevator TVs, and 500 million of the city’s mainstream population arrived daily, calling it the “China’s most branded media platform”.
We believe that: (1) media advertisements in the world of life, as opposed to traditional media, Internet media advertisements, create a mandatory view of closed scenes in a form that has a higher rate of effective arrival and recollection, consistent with industry trends. (2) The audience is the building elevator media, and the Chinese cinema is wide before the screening.
Main shareholders (2017.9.15) report to the pioneers in the field that companies not only benefit from a further expansion of market size in the future, but also from strong bargaining power and monopolistic profits that benefit from supermarkets.
Companies in the areas of interest, entertainment, shared economy, etc., accelerate the development of the biosphere, so that they can extend the existing advertising distribution networks and promotional advantages to the industries concerned, achieving a strategic 19.91-fold valuation level that is essentially the same as the median value of listed companies compared to the industry for the first time.
1.1 Development journey: Return to a stock after 10 years of overseas listing, April 2003, fmch signed the Charter of Multimedia Technology (Shanghai) Ltd., which decided to make a public distribution decision
In July 2005, with the help of Goldman Sachs, the media entered NASDAQ as the first unit in China ' s advertising media (code fmcn.o).
The media dismantled the vie structure, privatized the US share, and withdrew from NASDAQ. In 2015, the seven-share equity returned to the a-share and became the first-ever return to the a-share central stock (code 002027.sz).
Figure 1 shows the history of the media: the company is the absolute leader of the media in the country's life circles, building the country's largest urban network of live media, working to become the leading media groups in the country, ibs and o2o.
The Department ' s current main business is the development and operation of the life-cycle media, the main products of which are the building media (including the building screen media and the frame print media), the cinema screen advertising media and the sale of end-of-life video media, which cover the work scenes, life scenes, etc. of the urban mainstream consumer population.
Entertainment scenes, consumption scenes, and integration into a life-cycle media network. By the end of June 2017, companies had built a life-cycle media network that covered more than 290 cities across the country and concentrated on China’s urban mainstream consumers.
The combination of endogenous growth and extended mergers and acquisitions has led and maintains a leading market share in the national building screen media, the framework print media and advertising in the pre-filing of cinemas. 1.2 Equity structure: reduced financial investor ownership
The glossyity(hk)limited jumped to the second largest shareholder, with a certain reduction in hold over the second and fourth largest shareholder, Powerstarholds (hongkong), and gio2hongkongholdingslimited, which were reported to have increased in mid-2017.
The company actually controls the founder of the company, Mr. Jiang Namchun, who indirectly holds 100 per cent of the shares of the media ' s first major shareholder, MediaManagement (hk). 1.3 Financial Analysis: Building Media is dominated and the cinema Media is growing rapidly
During 2016, the company achieved business income of $10.21 billion, breaking the 10 billion mark for the first time, an increase of 18.38 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother of $4.45 billion, an increase of 31.34 per cent in the same year; income of $5.64 billion, an increase of 14.49 per cent in the same year; and net return to the mother of $2.53 billion, an increase of the same year
Building media are dominated and cinema media contributions are increasing. The company's main business is generated mainly from the building's media. In 2017, the building's media business generated $4,427 million, and the 3D company was acquired and acquired into the pre-war advertising market, as well as the cinema's media business.
The revenue was $1,006 million, compared to 17.83 per cent, an increase of 13.61 per cent over the previous year, with management and financial cost rates remaining stable. The sales cost rate was relatively high, but continued to fall. In 2017 h1, the expenditure on corporate sales costs was about $1,015 million, an increase of the same year.
This is mainly due to the rise in bank finance revenues at the bank’s interest rate and the increase in monetary funds used by companies to manage their financial products over the same period of the previous year. The combined Māori rate has stabilized and net interest rates have risen continuously.
The company has continued to increase its profitability through its capital advantage. By branch, it has the highest Māori rate of media operations in its buildings, which has been stable in recent years.
The company, as the absolute leader of the domestic media in life circles, has been taking a leading market share in the country's screen media, frame print media, and pre-filing advertising. The monopoly of resources has given the company a powerful bargaining power.
To help increase the Māori rate of this type of business, the combined Māori rate of the media has been stable at a high level, well above industry averages and most comparable companies, with a clear competitive advantage, and with a leading position in comparable companies.
Total asset turnover and liquidity are generally stable, and asset operating efficiency is at a level of steady growth in the overall market size of the advertising industry in comparison with the liquidity of major listed companies in industry in figure 12
The overall size of China’s advertising market grew from 79,489 million yuan between 2001 and 2015. The size of China’s advertising market will grow steadily in the year, reaching 700 billion yuan and 800 billion yuan, respectively.
Taking into account the outlook, in 2016, China experienced a 0.6 per cent decline in the cost of advertising throughout the media, a narrow decline compared to 2.9 per cent in 2015, and a steady trend. In terms of industry trends, advertising in the basic civic sector has declined to varying degrees.
Weaknesses, reflecting the saturation of competition; but still in a long-term industry capable of improving the quality of life, more publicity is needed to nurture the market. Many new brands are on the market, bringing the Forces nouvelles into the advertising market.
The potential for growth in the advertising market has been added. 2.2 Deep-farming media operations in the industrial chain.
Industrial management companies, cinemas, cinemas, and apartments have smaller and more decentralized property management companies.
The public media focus on the functioning of the media in the world, using the right to advertise media resources such as buildings, apartments, cinemas, malls and supermarkets that have been legally acquired, to provide advertisers with the equipment and screens of their own, such as liquid crystal screens, frame posters and cinemas.
Figure 17 shows the industrial chain of the media industry, which, as the leader of the industry, is in an absolutely leading position in the market, with super-high market levels, strong market pricing and bargaining power, and full control of the industry.
Market dominance. According to the LCD Market Share Report for the 2015 Building and the Elevator Post Media Market Share Report, companies account for about 95% and 70% of cities in the national building video media and elevator framework media, respectively; according to Ye Eun
Consultancy on the Pre-Advertisement Resource Study, published in January 2015, with the company accounting for approximately 55 per cent of the total number of municipalities in the area of pre-Advertisement in the country.
2.3 Three major media eco-structures are formed, and the influence of the media in the world of life is enormous, with the growth of the Internet and the number of media outlets, but the media contacts of the audience are not further dispersed, and the advantages of the media in the world and the Internet are highlighted.
Under competition, the media landscape has gradually changed. The traditional media market is still in place, but its share has been diverted from other media. In this change, three major media ecologies have evolved: one is the traditional media biosphere, which is seen as representative, with wide coverage and credibility; and the other two are the traditional media.
(b) Three are outdoor-based, excursion-based, landscape-based, media-circles, which are compatible, close and representative of the media.
In 2016, new media, such as Internet media, life circles media, increased considerably in comparison with the cost of ads, and contributed positively to the growth of the advertising market; traditional media, such as newspapers and magazines, generally declined and contributed negatively to the growth of the advertising market.
The top three increases in annual advertising are cinema video, elevator posters and elevator television.
2.4 The “passive” advertising of the media in the world of life is more popular than the “passive” ads, which are increasingly popular with the advertisers when the audience’s media contacts are concentrated. Today’s mobile Internet allows consumers to be available at any time or place.
What information, but the explosion of the information is distracting the consumer, the advertising is increasingly diluted, hard to remember, and the choice of too many is a huge dilemma. This creates a passive mass ad. The advantage of the media in the world is three things: the building where they live, the elevator.
In a time when information is getting more and more difficult to focus on, mobile advertising, Internet advertising, and so on, it's getting hot, but it's causing effects because of interference, fragmentation, neglect, etc.
It's not as good as expected: the third is that the building, cinema, etc., is a daily, closed living space, and because of the small space, the short time and the boredom of the environment, the audience's attention is more focused, and brand messages form a mandatory view without interference, which is larger.
According to ac Nelson, a 50% chance of advertising in the framework media has contributed to advertising. Figure 22 elevator television media, elevator poster media, cinema media, sale media.
2.5 The advertising of cinemas has a significant impact, and cinema screen advertisements, i.e., advertisements for films. The domestic cinema screens include two forms: one is a poster ad, which is made or distributed by the film's producer.
The other is the cinema's own pre-enactment ad, which is usually commissioned by the cinema to conduct and publish.
There's a lot of advantages to pre-screen ads, they're very effective in advertising, and they're "the medium of the screen."
According to the Ipso 2015 Report on the Basics of the Cinema Media, the overall spread of pre-screen advertising is significantly better than that of other likes, in terms of audio-visual experience, advertising attitudes, influence over brand image and purchase.
The cinema's environment is simple, closed, comfortable, visual, and the impact of big screens and loudspeakers makes limited pre-enactment advertisements five times more focused and reminiscent, and surveys show that cinema advertisements are five times more reminiscent than television.
A comparison of the effects of the media advertisements in figure 23 shows that the media in the world of life includes telecommuting circles (elevator rooms, elevators, etc.), leisure circles (a cinema, etc.), which are able to play brands by their characteristics of scale and scenery.
The creation of high-intensity and dense distribution scenes and brand-building landscape marketing and ecology has received increasing attention from advertisers. The media are the absolute masters of the media in the world of life, and the company’s business is in line with the development of the advertising industry.
A powerful bargaining power, the absolute king of the media of the first floor, and the popular media of the building, which is the infrastructure of the city and represents four of the most everyday living scenes, are mainly two types of screen and frame print media.
Words: Mainstream population, mandatory, high frequency, low interference. Building screen media are focused on urban workers representing China’s mainstream consumer capacity, and building screen media have fully infiltrated the fragmenting time of this group of audiences, reaching high frequency in a combination of audio and audio screens.
By the end of June 2017, the company had built its own buildings with 225,000 media screens, covering about 90 cities and areas throughout the country, and 10,000 allied buildings with screen media, covering 31 cities and areas.
As of the end of June 2017, there were about 1,145 million self-employed framework media, covering 48 cities across the country, and 59 cities covered by the external purchase cooperation framework.
About 52,000 media outlets. Figure 24 Number of corporate building screen media (million) The company ' s building video media is divided into two categories: normal LCD screens and interactive screens.
Motion screens were first launched in 2011, with three interactive panels added below individual LCD screens showing details of the specific function of the product, sponsorship events, etc.; a new generation of interactive screens, built-in wifi and ibeacon, was launched in 2012; and a new generation of interactive screens was launched in December 2016.
Human face recognition, real-time visual analysis, and support for new features like applepay. Meanwhile, with the full development of holograms, vr, etc. technologies, there may be a future of media displays that are completely different from regular advertising displays like LCD screens.
In response to trends, the application of relevant technologies in such settings as elevators is also being studied.
Figure 28 shows some of the brands, figure 29 shows a 360-degree hologram advertising application in the elevator.
Brands have grown, and have even succeeded from their disadvantages. Their precision and excellent communication capabilities have resulted in companies receiving numerous honours and awards, both domestically and internationally, over the years.
In 2016, after five rounds of advertising budgets of 80 per cent, there was a steady influx of small microfinance competitors, 30 times the same increase at the end of 2014 and 3 million users over half a year, only half a year.
With more than 11,000 traditional and Internet financial firms, competition has become the fourth environment to rapidly deteriorate after ants in gold uniforms, granular loans and safe and inclusive access.
Grand Internet Financial Loan Enterprises, Table 4 Honours (Part of) of Media of the Distributive Media, 95% of the country ' s video and frame media outlets, respectively.
And 70%, super-high market power, is based on their control of media resources. As pioneers in this domain, members, with pre-emptive and near-exclusive advantages, can gain a powerful bargaining power and thus monopolistic profits.
The number of buildings, elevators, etc. has increased further, the market is expected to expand further, and companies, as absolute kings in this field, are supposed to enjoy a higher-than-average valuation premium.
The company generated 1,610 cinema media revenues in June 2014-2016 and 2017 h1, respectively; the number of screens increased from 2,730 to 110,600, with an average annual compound growth rate of 38.65 per cent.
At present, the pre-screening advertising market in the country has become more than half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-way market share.
All the other lines are sold to a third-party media company, similar to the crowd, which has a pre-emptive advantage because it first entered the Chinese film advertising market.
The company’s cinema media business is expected to slow down to a certain extent after three years of high growth of over 40% per year, but it is still higher than the company already has.
For mature building media, 3.3 pairings of entertainment, shared economy, etc., promote the implementation of the ecosphere strategy of the company, which is moving from media life to people and information, people and entertainment, etc.
In recent years, the media have actively invested in a number of good targets, such as buying information, sports for heroes, etc.
It is a one-stop community life service platform.
Latte finance app. The main services are: financial personalization information, robotics, limited investment in information technology in Shanghai.
We're working on mobile interconnections -- big data technologies -- for the white-collar class, for intelligent, efficient, differentiated wealth.
A product that repays credit cards at low interest rates, provides credit card users with low interest rates, efficient credit card bill instalments, interest is as low as five discounts on credit card repayment rates at 30,000.
The first-ever Gps campaign social phone software, the largest total in the world.
The social platform of the civil movement, which spends 50 per cent of the $100 million, is in line with square sources.
"Wmeimg _2016.645 million investment wmeimg, world-renowned
Brokering companies, with a large number of artists, sports stars, models, and production and distribution of sports events, including thermonets, the British Super, and allied companies, each with 300 million yuan in hero sports and a 8242 per cent share in the company.
It's a mobile electric competition sports ecology company, which now has the most complete mobile power competition resources, and it will actively build an ecological chain covering the mobile electricity competition electronic competitions, the production of contests, live competitions, and plutonium festivals, and become the largest integrated mobile electricity competition operator in Asia.
2017.4 Establishment of an investment fund with a ceiling of $300 million in conjunction with the Beijing Heung Yue Xue, with no more than 50 per cent of the company ' s subscriptions, mainly to education, tourism, recreational science and technology services and quality education, and content providers for cultural entertainment; new media outlets Sales services: consumer: the smart systems of manufacturing
201,2017.8. Investment funds of $1 billion have been set up in conjunction with purple technology and other technologies, with 25% of the company ' s subscriptions, mainly in high-tech, technical, cultural, sports, etc. 2017.10, with the co-investment of two umbrella companies, Ouan.
A three-fold parachute that does not plug in the parachute model can solve the problem of the limited location of power sources in public space.
Reconnect and take the opportunity to extend existing advertising marketing networks and promotional advantages to relevant industries, to expand the capacity of the public to match the industrial chains of sport and recreation and consumerism up and down, and to upgrade the current strategic industry.
(1) Income: Building media operations have increased as the number of contracted resources of the company has increased, as well as its strong bargaining power; cinema media operations have slowed down after three years of rapid growth; other media operations are maintaining the necessary scale
(2) Māori: The company ' s building media business, which has a strong bargaining power and will adjust prices for one to two publications a year, is expected to increase slightly, leading to a small increase in the overall Māori rate.
(3) Cost aspects: As the retention earnings, etc., increase in corporate interest income is expected to increase, resulting in a steady decrease in the overall cost rate level of the company. 4.2 Investment logic and profit projections
The firm’s vision is accurate, opening up areas consistent with the trend of advertising, and early entry has allowed the company to accumulate a great deal of resources, gain a strong bargaining power, and monopolize profits. At the same time, the company’s eco-circle strategy has steadily advanced, and its advertising marketing networks and pushes forward.
The broad advantage extends to the industry and expands the ability to interlock multi-industry chains. We believe that: (1) Life circles media advertising, compared to traditional media, Internet media advertising, creates a mandatory view of the closed scene, which has a higher rate of effective access and memory.
The advertising pattern is consistent with industry trends. (2) The crowds are pioneers in the area of pre-screening advertising in the elevator media and in the Chinese cinema, and companies benefit not only from the future expansion of market size, but also from the strong bargaining power and monopolistic profits generated by supermarkets.
(3) Companies ' access to information, entertainment, the shared economy, etc., accelerate the development of the life cycle, which could provide an opportunity to extend existing advertising distribution networks and promotional advantages to related industries and achieve strategic industrial upgrading.
For the first time, the study was given to "Teng Wen Fei" . Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.