Bank of Hangzhou (600926.sh)
The company’s new five-year strategy emphasizes prudential conduct of business within the public table, as well as dynamic retailing and small-scale retailing. Public lending is concentrated in low-performing industries, retailing is facilitated by direct sales of banks, mobile banks, and micro-credit banks to promote credit sunk in consumer loans; and wealth management operates on a client-level basis to increase the number of generations.
Sales categories, expanding the workforce to achieve growth in sales; external dependence on “Cloud Credits” and promotion of the “Taizhou Model” in the province. Since 2020, roa/rorwa/roe has been gradually rising; public lending structures have been excellent, with low rates of water, environmental and public facilities management (for public ownership)
Business leases (20.23% per cent) and postal storage (1.19% per cent per cent) and public administration and social security (0.9% per cent per cent) together accounted for a small percentage of the population and a high growth in green loans. Moreover, we believe that the growth rate in the lower half of the year has increased.
The increase in fees for hosting, investment and guarantee commitments supports an increase of $1h22 billion in fees and commissions, representing an increase of 37.93 per cent over the same period, mainly due to a high rate of growth in the processing of financial transactions. Investment-type loans are growing rapidly and assets are of excellent quality. The net return profits are expected to be higher in 2022-2024.
At the same time that Hangzhou Bank is solid and optimized to the public base, retail, micro, and wealth management operations drive a new round of growth. Financial characteristics are as follows:
In terms of revenue collection structure: net interest income is still dominant and the share of intermediate income is rising. 1h22 net interest is derived from the loan structure: steady growth in loan deposits. In terms of loans, 1h22 corporate loans have increased by the same amount. In terms of loans, in terms of marketed areas: mainly in Zhejiang province, the region is economically active since 2015.
The share of intra-State loans has stabilized at about 70 per cent, with the ratio falling from 54.8 per cent to 43.2 per cent (1h22) in Hangzhou region and from 19.3 per cent to 31.5 per cent (1h22) in the remaining cities of Zhejiang.
In the new five-year plan, retail, micro, and wealth management will be the key to winning.
Figure 6: Growth of income from hosting and investment operations upward Figure 7: Leading public lending □ Corporate_Trade Finance and Other Shares (%)
▪ Personal _ Housing Loans (%) Figure 9: Dominantly Public Deposits Figure 10: Steady Growth of Various Deposits
▪ Personal demand deposits (%)  Personal term deposits (%)  Guarantee deposits (%)
▪ Other deposits (%) Figure 13: Interest-bearing asset rate of return Figure 17: rwa ' s share of total assets is lower in the listed city comptoirs
The key words of the new “two, two, five” strategy are clients and effectiveness. For public business, the emphasis is on customer differentiation and the distinctiveness of financial solutions; for retail business, the emphasis is on customer hierarchies and products.
2. The focus on technology and technology 2.1 - public loans are concentrated in high-quality industries, and trade banks have accelerated the transition.
In terms of the loan structure, the share of loans in the water, environment and public facilities management sectors has risen steadily, with the share of loans in the wholesale and financial sectors falling. The rate of poor lending in all sectors has declined, and the quality of loans in the water, environment and public facilities management sector has remained excellent (1h22 to 0.01%).
In addition, support for real enterprises, including major flagship, specialized and new manufacturing, technology-based manufacturing, export-oriented manufacturing, among other key clients. As of 1h22, manufacturing loans amounted to 51,616 million yuan, an increase of 9.04 per cent from the beginning of the year, accounting for 12.3 per cent of corporate lending.
Trade banks speed up their transformation, and investment banks strengthen their direct financing and abs trade banks, mainly finance, trade, and foreign exchange. Financial operations depend mainly on government cooperation projects.
As of 1h22, the number of clients of finance, trade, foreign exchange services was 2589, 5230, and 34.80, representing an increase of 44.3%, respectively.
Investment banks strengthen direct financing. Bonds continue to grow at a high rate, with 1h22 undertaking $85,884 million in debt financing instruments for various types of debt, an increase of 27.9 per cent over the same period, maintaining regional leadership. 2.2 Retail operations: off-line currents + retail loans + wealth management
Intruder: Online upscaling, mobileization, landscape upscaling channels include direct sales banks, mobile banks, and micro-credit banks. Among these, (1) direct sales banks: Focusing on money, creating “scenes + payments + sedimentation” ecology. 1h22 direct sales of bank management assets to the extent that they are of such a magnitude.
Financial services, such as payments, are integrated into public life, health care, etc., leading to settlements and deposit deposits. (2) Mobile banking: configured as “bank function + day-to-day scenario + finance + wealth management (money-management + sales)”, basic functionality and day-to-day landscape as a means of diversion, financing and wealth management operations as a means of realization.
1h22 The number of clients contracted by personal mobile banks has reached 42.431 million, an increase of 27.6% over the same period, with mau peaking at 138.36 million. (3) The micro-letter matrix, which includes the micro-credit office, site queries, and related minor programs, is a general portal.
Figure 26: Rapid growth in the number of personal mobile bank users Figure 28: steady growth in retail aum Figure 29: Increase in the share of retail financial line deposits in aum balances
Finance: Consumer loans are sunk, mortgages are more efficient, credit loans are made out of rooster loans, which broaden client coverage through credit sunk, and raise the value depth of the group. As of 1h22, individual consumer loans amounted to 59,454 million, an increase of 37.2 per cent.
In the case of mortgages, initiatives have been made to adjust the pace and prices of investment, improve operational efficiency and client experience, and complete the construction of multi-location mortgage centres, with an increase of 22.8% compared to the previous year, representing an increase of 77%.
Figure 30: High growth in the balance of rooster loans Figure 31: Strong growth in mortgage lending Wealth management: team building + rich substitutes
In the short term, surrogates and finances are the main means of moving things forward quickly, and there is a need to enrich the product system (with increased family trust and insurance product introduction) and to expand the team of finance managers. In the long run, there is a need to build client hierarchies, provide differentiated services, and form a new team of finance managers.
Branding effects (the company has two fund service brands for finance and magic camps). As of 1h22, property management balances amounted to $354.9 billion, an increase of 38.2 per cent over the same period.
(i) Mortgage direction, optimization of the “Cloud to Loan” product platform, efficiency enhancement through client hierarchization, centralization, online mail queries, system re-evaluation, etc. The balance of the “Cloud to Credit” product at the end of 2021 amounted to $72.73 billion, compared to the same amount.
Growth of 24.0 per cent, representing 78.2 per cent of the total amount of microline loans, (2) credit, mainly concentrated on tax clients, mortgage-based clients, mortgage-based clients, bank stock settlements, and five categories of key clients, such as customers, farmers and others, to develop microcredit loans, implement contract management and differentiation.
Examination, use of the list system for grid-based marketing, differentiated regional strategies, replication and promotion of the “Taizhou model” in the provinces. (1) Extra-provincial branches focus mainly on “Cloud Credit”, searching for micro-enterprise financial parks, deep-deep mortgages and factory mortgages.
In addition, the Taiwan branch relies on independent institutional mechanisms, using the “run-the-street” model.
The Ministry has set up a special Ministry of Micro-credit Management to replicate and promote the “Taizhou model.” Micro-credits are growing steadily and improving their quality. 1h22 The balance of micro-credits amounts to $103,281 million.
Figure 35: High growth in credit and micro-credit balances Figure 36: Strong growth in the balance of micro-finance loans Figure 37: High growth in the balance of inclusive micro-finance loans
The quality of the assets was excellent, the capital driver factor was expanded (0.82%) and the provision coverage (580.1%) ranked fourth and first among the listed banks, respectively, leading the business. By type of loan, the quality of corporate loans improved, with an overall negative rate of 0.15 percentage points lower than at the beginning of the year.
The rate of non-performing individual loans has risen, down 0.06 percentage points from the beginning of the year.
Figure 41: Marginal improvements in the non-performing rate of loans in major sectors - poor rate of general lending (including discounts) for companies (%) - + - Trade and other poor rates (%)
o - Poor rate of individual housing loans (%) -  - Poor rate of individual loans (%) - ** - Poor rate of individual consumer loans and other bad rates (%)
The benchmark is 927,794 million rwa. A ratio of the core-level capital increment and the rwa increment can be calculated to detect a significant increase in the loan increment and the rwa increment in the unit capital increment since 2020.
Net interest differentials: The end-of-liability cost rate remained stable, but companies increased their real-economy support, led down the cost of physical financing, reduced loan returns in the context of recurrent epidemics and lpr reforms, and non-interest income: trust and other fiduciary commissions, guarantee commitments fees increased at a high rate, but invested
The cost of operating and running costs, which is down to 25 per cent by 2021, needs to be supported by a team size for the sale of credit and the micro-credit platform model, which is planned to be rolled out across the line.
For the banking sector, asset quality expectations are included in the relative valuation, and there is no way to move away from current market pessimism or optimistic expectations when the recent reference is used, while the forward reference does not provide guidance on the timing of average return, resulting in arbitrary results. Therefore, the present report uses the modified residual return model.
Both models assume that investment requires a return of 12 per cent, with a constant growth rate of 3 per cent. The residual returns model assumes that the remaining returns of the investing company will gradually be reduced to zero over the next 15 years.ddm assumes a second-phase recovery.
In particular, the initial version of the residual earnings model is book value pricing: corporate value = adjusted net assets + residual gains discounted. For the most part, the pb valuation of Hangzhou Bank is greater than 1 and therefore no longer discounts the fair value of the net assets as compared to other banks.
▪ Macroeconomic over-expected contractions: macroeconomic over-expected contractions not only stifle credit growth and asset quality, but also lead to a negative cycle of market pessimism about bank shares. The domestic epidemic is recurrent: the epidemic will limit the movement and consumption of residents and slow the growth of retail loans.
▪ The higher-than-expected deterioration in the quality of loans: if external shocks result in a serious deterioration in the quality of the assets of micro-enterprises, the public sector needs to increase its provision and the net profit will be seriously eroded.