incident: q1 achieved operating income of $68,978 million, or +6.01 per cent of the year, net profit on maternity of $4,773 million, or +20.16 per cent of the year, net profit on non-repatriation of the mother of $4,644 million, or +1 per cent of the year
q1 grew more rapidly than abroad, and the profits of the business performed better than those of the overseas.
The aquaculture sector has grown in double digits, with industries like empty houses, cooking power, smart buildings, and so on by more than 10%. Casatiq 1 has grown by 14%, the three-wing birdgates have increased by +85%, retail sales, and Ion Saint-Dy.
Overseas markets: 24q1 company overseas market revenues grew by 4% and operating profits by more than double digits.gfk data show that in January-February 24 years the company increased its sales in the European market by 0.9 pct to q1 Mäori on the same basis. 24q1 company achieved a Mäori rate of 28.95%, compared to +0.26 pt.
\triangleright ' s improved Māori rate is due mainly to: 1) the domestic market has benefited from changes in procurement and research and development end counts, the construction of a digitalized production and marketing synergy system, improved product structure, and the same increase in Māori rates;
2) Continued optimization of product structure in overseas markets and improvement in productivity utilization rates, Māori ratio as compared to the same ratio in cost terms: q1 consumption, management, R & D, financial cost ratio - 0.49 pct, net return profit rate of 6.92 per cent and ratio +0.82 pc, net profit rate of non-retroactivity
Improved cash flow from operating activities and decline in contractual liability levels (1) Corporate currency funds + transactional financial assets at the end of 24q1 totalled $5.460 billion, as a result of concentrated delivery of product orders q1.
Heil Jijit: Acquisition of the commercial refrigeration business in Cao Li, mainly as a result of increased profits and efficiency of operations in the current period; launch of a 24-year employee holding scheme, anchoring long-term development.
\triangleright Sindam Securities Co. Ltd. Core Stakeholder Scheme, a total of 711.5 million equity plan funds for participants
No more than 2400 people. ltd. h Stockholding Scheme participants are senior executives and core technicians.
The combined completion rate for this equity evaluation was calculated on the basis of a weighted average of the completion rate of the non-mortality net profit compound growth rate and the net asset rate of return rate of 30 persons, for a total of $68.5 million.
We believe that the company’s continuous disclosure of its employee-holding plans, with the speed of profit growth and asset rate of return, reflects the company’s expectations and confidence in sound long-term development. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we expect the company to achieve business income in 24-26 years.
Risk factors: Large fluctuations in raw material prices, less than expected recovery in consumer demand, double degree in maritime transport \triangleright & management. Used to work in commercial communications equipment development in the tp-link hardware development sector.
New wealth in 2017, the third in 2017, the Golden Bulls Award, the Crystal Ball Award, 2019, the Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, Spanish.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.