In the year, the cement industry achieved a total profit of 87.7 billion yuan, representing an increase of 94.4 per cent, the second highest in history.
Annual cement demand has not increased, and industry profits have improved mainly because of structural improvements at the supply end. In 2018, cement production was almost non-existent, leading the wrong peaks continued, the cycle of cement industry profited from the Matthews, and the top shares expanded from profit to valuation.
In the cement industry, there is no new Qiu Quantium, high cr10, process properties can be regulated, and leading firms will continue to have a price-fixing and market-occupancy rate.
Even if profits in the cement industry do not expand on a sustainable basis, the first shares can benefit from a re-engineering of valuations with higher city occupancy rates. The best catalyst against the industry, such as glass from overseas, is the best. The inventory data show that, as of the end of February, the country’s clinker stock was still at 55% of its historical allergies.
Certificate number: s110117120001 has been falling since its historical heights, but the absolute price remains high at the same time. Spring starts with a year-round Xuhuimin@cczq.com, suggesting active configuration of the cycle-type spring moves.
In the spring of the year, there was an increase of 25 or more dollars per ton in actual cement supplies.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Pilot Zone, 17th floor B of the China Sea International Centre, with no increase in the demand for cement in the year, and improved profits in the industry, mainly due to structural improvements at the supply end.
Cement capacity is almost non-existent, leading firms are synergizing, and the cyclical cement industry can be most profitable. We estimate the national average price of cement at $330 per ton in 2018, an increase of 6.8% in the same year. 2) The Matthew effect is evident, with the first share expanding from profit to valuation.
Fifty-eight percent, with only 33% and 45% of steel and coal (after the 2016 supply side reform). The cement industry has no additional capacity, highcr10, process properties can be regulated, leading firms will continue to increase their pricing rights and market share.
The best catalyst. Inventory data show that the national inventory of clinker was still 55% by the end of February.
The price of cement on the spot will show a pattern of rising prices in March-April. Although the price of cement on the spot has been falling from historical heights since December, absolute prices remain at historic highs. The spring starting point is a year-round adjustment, suggesting an active configuration of cycle-type spring moves.
The price of cement clinker in 2018 was higher than last year ' s average price.) The best coal output released less than expected, with coal powered in 2018.
Prices have been flat, and in 2019 they began to fall high. 3) In terms of the expansion of profits in the industry, the share market in conch cement was dominated by 2.1. A successful example of the state ' s equity incentive for equity.
In 1997, the first stock listing (00914.hk) was in Hong Kong. In 2002, the company returned to a stock listing, code 600585.sh.
Compared to their competitors, conch cement is a successful example of the country’s earlier introduction of equity incentives, and of the state’s entrepreneurial incentives. On the direct equity structure, conch cement-controlled shareholders are the State Finance Committee of Anhui Province.
Trade unions, management, through platforms such as China Creativity, China Creativity and Investment, have an indirect shareholding ratio higher than that of the State Finance Committee of Anhui Province. The effectiveness of corporate strategy and management together shapes the first and lowest-cost champion of conch cement production, and the company’s cost advantage of size cannot be replaced.
2.2. Single brand cement produces the most, with a minimum cost of 2.2.1 based on a “t-type” strategy, with a cost advantage of scale having become a moat. Cement as a standardized bulk product has a low technical threshold and industrial barriers arise from mineral resources, logistics and
Large-scale effects (regional pricing rights). As cement itself has low unit prices and is difficult to store, cement roads are sold at a radius of only 200 km. Starting in 1998, the company gradually laid out a “t-type” development strategy that integrates the traditional limestone-clinker-cement production line into a mill for the centralized production of clinker plus water transport plus powder distribution.
In the 18 years 2000-2017, corporate cement production expanded from 11 million tons to 333 million tons.
At the bottom, the company has a clinker production capacity of 244 million tons, cement production capacity of 333 million tons, and bone production capacity of 24.9 million tons. The market for cement production is 12.7 per cent, with the total size being second only to the Chinese building materials (multi-firm consolidation).
Using 2016 data, for example, conch cement costs $156 per tonne, 10 ton less than the average of listed companies, and 20 to 30 ton less than the average of the industry. Fuels are the most variable part of cement costs in terms of cost distribution. Fuel and power costs account for water.
Soil production is more than 60%, while industrial electricity prices are limited, and annual cost changes are mainly due to changes in fuel power coal. As cement demand accounts for less than 10% of total power coal consumption, the upstream bargaining power of the cement industry is weak.
Figure 5: Cost composition of conch cement (2012-2017h1) 2.2.3 Extensive M & As end with built-in market share increasing gradually, we believe that in 2018 there was no increase in cement supply, with demand falling by 1-2%, and cost focus shifting hedge requirements
The profits of the industry as a whole are equal. The total profits are equal, the cycle of industry is slow, the share of the industry is favoured with endogenous growth, the head of the conch cement is growing from the city of the pole advantage, the single brand is indestructible. We have increased the sales of conch cement and eliminated the growth of the industry from its total size.
Intra-firm growth rate = market share — industry demand growth — growth in corporate capacity expansion
With two large losses across the industry, the low-cost advantage of the conch is highlighted. In 2017, the only firm with a profit-making position across the industry experienced an expansion of growth, proof of conch's voice as the leader of the industry, and a qualitative change in the city's occupancy rate.
Changes in the market share of conch cement (2001-2019e) Increase in intrasoil sales of conch cement (2008-2017) Gains and losses from the cement industry over the years (2009-207)
2.2.2 With the largest distribution of production capacity abroad, the path of internationalization is beginning to brighten, and as the overall domestic economy slows down, the external layout becomes a necessary route for cement China’s tap to the world’s head. Since 2011, the conch has responded positively to national “one-way” policies, in Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, the United States of America, Indonesia, the United States, Indonesia, the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom, the United States, the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom, the United States of America, the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom, the United States of America, and the United States of America.
By the end of 2017, the company had four production lines abroad, six production lines under construction, and one production line to be built. Compared with the distribution of production lines, whether domestic or overseas, the conch cement is far ahead.
In early January, a performance forecast for 2017 was issued, with companies expected to make profits of $14.5-16.2 billion in 2017, and the stock price of conch cement has been rising steadily since 2017, but the company's performance in 2017 was still supermarketed, compared to similar companies, with a more flat rate of growth in conch revenues and an extremely strong climate of resistance in the cyclical industry.
In terms of asset return indicators, both in terms of roe and Māori, there is no doubt that they have long been at the forefront of the industry. Another point of concern is the high red rate.
Progressively maintained at 30%. The cement industry has lost new production capacity in recent years, and industry leaders are expected to maintain a high score. Figure 13: Conch versus comparable company Māori (2012 - 14: conch versus comparable company parent net profit (2012 - 12)
3.1. The supply is non-incremental, and the cement industry is the most profitable, compared to the surrounding steel, glass, and so on, and cement is the most profitable industry in all industries. The support comes from two sources, namely, cement, which in 2018 had almost no additional capacity.
The recovery of profits in the industry is due to the increased pricing power of firms that are collaborating with the region and are not dependent on the external supply side, with a total of 2,046 million tons of new clinker production nationwide, an increase of 1.12 per cent over the previous year. In 2018, the additional clinker production capacity is expected to be further reduced to 15 million tons, an increase of 0.81 per cent over the same period.
The year 2017 will be the year when the capacity of the cement industry will shift from rising to decreasing. By region, in 2017, the increase in clinker capacity was concentrated mainly in two large areas. With the exception of Tibet, which is still in the build-up phase, the impact of the additional capacity in other regions will be limited.
4.2 per cent new, 3.3 per cent new in Hunan, 2.9 per cent new in Fujian, 2.8 per cent new in Henan, and 3.1.2. Increase in other regions from 77 per cent to 93 per cent in the coordinated promotion of effective productive utilization in the industry, compared to the neighbouring industries of steel and coal, where the biggest difference is in the cement sector where improvements in supply are derived from industry.
Low reliance on external policy also determines the most sustained high profits in the cement industry. The large scale of production-limitation in the cement industry originated in 2016, and implementation became more stringent in 2017.
The power of the industry to set prices has been rising rapidly, and in 2018 it will continue to be the most stringent peak limit. In terms of cement production efficiency, the cement industry has been in excess of capacity since 2012. The advantage of the national faulty peak of cement production will continue in 2018.
As of the end of January, the first quarter of 2018 has seen a slight decline of 2% over the same period in 2017. We will keep track of the miscalculation plans and landings in the cement industry.
Downstream demand for cement is directly linked to investment, with capital, real estate, and rural needs at one-third of each station. On the capital side, an important contradiction is that capital orders are good and tight.
The market is mainly concerned about the impact of the tightening of ppp and the tightening of capital finance on infrastructure demand everywhere. While grass-roots research has shown that capital contractors and steel plants are providing the same direct feedback on capital construction in 2018, financial constraints and higher credit costs have been increasing since December 2017.
Against a background of tight funding, we are relatively cautious about capital needs, which are estimated to have fallen by 3% overall, corresponding to a decline in cement demand by 1%. We are not pessimistic about real-estate demand, mainly from larger stock construction areas and low-stock housing companies.
Since December, there has been a sudden shift in real estate regulation, with some second- and third-line cities beginning to ease their purchases, with high-frequency data showing a 20-30% increase in housing sales in January, compared to the same year. The stock build-up plus the housing stock is expected to be equal to the housing cement demand in 2018.
The need for cement for rural construction is difficult to measure accurately, and consideration of rural construction depends on local finance. We push rural construction demand by a capital acceleration of 3% for rural demand, corresponding to a 1% decline in cement demand.
Since 2017, the country’s main demand growth has been concentrated in South and East China. With tight funding trends, local finance has come to a greater test. We believe that, regionally, China’s East and South China continue to be the region with the strongest cement consumption.
Figure 28: Real estate investments by region (2015-2017) Figure 30: Use of clinker capacity in sub-provincial provinces (2017)
3.3. With the slow release of advanced coal production, the projected flat cost of power coal supply, weak demand and rising concentration in the industry, we expect an average annual price of water from 2018 to $330 per ton, corresponding to the cost line for the import of clinker. 2017, Year of clinker.
The average price of cement was $309 per ton. The average price of finished products rose by 6.8 per cent in 2018. In terms of cost, the cost of cement was concentrated mainly on electricity and coal, which together accounted for 60 per cent of the cost of cement.
Weather overlaps with advanced capacity are slower to release, with coal prices above the 600 ton red cordon throughout the year, with an annual average price of $644 per ton, an increase of $168 per ton in the ring, and a corresponding increase in cement costs of $22 per ton. We expect that, with the reduction in extreme weather and slow release of supplies, coal demand and demand will slow down in 2018.
The production of power coal is projected to increase slightly by 2 to 3 per cent over 2017, with industry maintaining an average annual price of around $635 per ton, which corresponds to a roughly equal cost per ton of cement. Average quarterly price of cement (2016-2017)
Cement cost distribution (2016) 3.4. With low stock support, spring cement or rising violence seasonally, we look very much at the spring rebound in March-April 2018.
In spite of the gradual slowdown in seasonal demand for cement since December, industry stock levels remain at 55%, with a national average spot price of $430 per ton as of the end of February, which has been historically high for almost a decade. Prices at the beginning of the year have been set for year-round movements, with spring-time cement or violent rises.
In terms of stock levels, such as coal, it is expected that the seasonal rise in industrial goods in the spring will be resonant.
The total profits of the industry have increased slightly, and the characteristics of stock-cycle fluctuations have slowed. But, with the rise in bargaining power, such as the conch, the front shares will have a significant Mahta effect.
Valuation rating: “plus” rating Profit assumption: 1) higher before and after 2017 average cement prices, higher average price of cement clinker in 2018 than last year's average increase of 6.4 to 330 yuan/ton. 2) less than expected release of advanced coal production capacity, average power coal in 2018
Prices are flat, and in 2019 they began to fall high. 3) In terms of profit expansion in the industry, the stock market share ratio for conch cement is 13 times higher, taking account of the foreign cycle of pe (ttm), 11 times the company ' s current pe, the company ' s reasonable p is now over-expected to deteriorate, and the weak logic of cement demand is no longer valid.
The fundamental underpinnings of industry’s supply and demand reversals are the effective responses of self-regulatory synergies. When demand falls significantly, or other expected externalities lead to a reduction in production limits, the oligarchic logic on the supply side is no longer in place.
The most uncontrollable cost of the cement industry is upstream powered coal fuels. In 2017, the price of powered coal rose significantly due to extreme weather and supply-side factors.
But the premise is that there is less synergy in the industry, and if the industry is able to continue, the price increases at the end of the raw material can be passed down to the downstream. The law, using legally compliant information, provides this report independently and objectively.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a customer of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility. This report is classified material of the company, such as non-clients, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to disclose it.
The report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy, and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments, and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the persons to be covered by this report, and consults with any professional financial consultant in the areas of finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of future relevant studies in this report and the Division. The company and the author will not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.