It's the first time it's ever seen anything like that, and it's the first time it's ever seen anything like it.
37.35 per cent; realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 125 million yuan, an increase of 34.52 per cent over the same period; the company is the lead company for domestic semiconductor equipment, with a product line value covering 20 per cent of the process, which is expected to reach depth; the beneficiary semiconductor industry accelerates the process of transfer to China.
Sub-process equipment, which requires rapid growth and stabilization of the component products, the rapid expansion of equipment operations, the volume of single-body value, the main clients of the electronic components are military engineering and aerospace, ships, precision instruments, etc., and the customer's viscosity, which is relatively stable, and is expected to maintain an increase of around 10 to 20 per cent in the future.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. Electronic equipment operations are growing rapidly, mainly at the semiconductor level and vacuum equipment.
The Division’s main electronics equipment battalion earned $1.440 billion, an increase of 44.52 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, the general semiconductor equipment (integrated circuit equipment +led equipment + photovoltaic equipment) earned $1,139 million, an increase of Yang Shaohui*
China’s semiconductor is equipped to build a two-wheel drive of “equipment” + “products.” The company integrated electricity shoohui.yang@bocchina.com
Roadlines cover 20% (value) of the core manufacturing process, and are expanding. E-products are growing steadily, providing stable earnings and profits; equipment technology and markets are breaking down, and equipment in the led, photovoltaic, etc. industries have largely been replaced by imports, with process equipment supported by a special 02-year-old facility.
Ongoing research and development of breakthroughs, etching machines, pvd, cvd, oxidizers, etc. have entered the main line of downstream manufacturers, are in the initial stages of import substitution, and the substitution rate has gradually increased. We judge that companies will benefit from the fruits of semiconductor industries moving to China, with greater elasticity.