North China: Acquisition of America's akrion company, technology plus market double harvest
The acquisition of assets related to the company’s cleaning machine and equipment operations and the signing of the relevant handover documents were successful. The acquisition was an efficient consolidation of the company’s original business, with deep integration, and is expected to help the company improve its research and development of the washing machine equipment and open a wider market.
As the leader of Chinese semiconductor equipment, product lines cover 20% of the core manufacturing process of the crystal circle. On January 16, 2018, Mr. Jo Jin-young, President of the North China Corporation, and Mr. Michaelloannou, Chief Executive Officer of the United States company Acronysstemsllc, were officially inaugurated at the company's headquarters in London, Pennsylvania, United States.
Signing of asset-related documents, Naura akrioninc., a new fully-owned subsidiary in the United States of America, formally acquired all the assets related to the liquidation of the akrion company.
On August 8, 2017, Nord China announced its intention to acquire the United States company Akrion for $15 million. For more than five months, it was approved by the Beijing Bureau of Commerce, the Development and Reform Commission, the Foreign Exchange Bureau, and the United States Government and the Taiwan Department of the Economy. It was finally approved and completed on January 16, 2018.
This is a very significant case of successful semiconductor acquisitions. This is the first Chinese acquisition since the inauguration of the president of the United States government, Donald Halfconductor Industry.
Production equipment rises with the “chip.” 2017.12.22 The Foreign Investment Commission of the United States and successive United States administrations are of particular concern. Cleaning machines are the key equipment most used in the semiconductive system, with large and growing markets.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting, and the washing machine is important and in high demand in the semiconductor system.
The process of cleaning has gone beyond the steps of the manufacturing process by removing defects and particles; the mechanical industry: railway equipment, engineering machinery, oil suits, one third of the sudden; the dram at the 20nm node has already taken up to 200 cleaning steps.
The market space for ball cleaning equipment, with a combined growth rate of 6.8 per cent between 2015 and 2020, is a huge and, after the acquisition of Yang Shaohui*, the company ' s product line was expanded and the technology of the product improved.
The cleaning machine was one of the main products of the original North China Revolution: the company revealed in its annual report 2016 that the company's 12 inches of cleaning machine accumulated fluids had broken over 600,000 major doors. In 2017, the company also made a breakthrough in products such as the copper-connected cleaning machine: a new saquaTM single-motor was installed on the central core of the 28 nanometer production line on 5 July 2017, which was combined with a puncture with a puncture/crow.
This acquisition effectively complemented and enhanced the northern Chinese semiconductor cleaning equipment product lines, and integrated cleaning operations included single-simple cleaning and batch cleaning of the two product lines, a further increase in the variety of cover processes, and a strong upgrading of the northern Chinese microelectronic cleaning facility.
The overall market competitiveness has enabled Uttar Pradesh to better provide global customers with a full range of cleaning process equipment, to integrate later to help companies open up a larger market space, and to integrate the former Purchasing Enterprise with Naurakrion at a later stage, through R & D, market opening, marketing channels, and after sale.
Collaboration in operational areas such as services, manufacturing and supply chains has resulted in a comprehensive upgrading of R & D capabilities, a reduction in the cost of products, a reduction in the delivery cycle, and a capture of the rapidly developing Chinese market, serving customers in such areas as Chineseic manufacturing, silicon crystal round manufacturing, advanced encapsulation, semiconductor lighting, micromechanical power systems and new semiconductors.
It is the most abundant product line (covering 20% of the entire process), the most technologically advanced (many of the equipment are received through the 02 special), and the base gold agency has the most configured equipment semiconductor, which we continue to recommend.