Trinasol (688599ch) 2023h1 profit level raised brightly and company accelerated the integration of the N-type industrial chain layouts 2023h1 profitlevelimproved, the companypanyacceleratedthen-typeindustrialchainintecontrollayout
The view focus is investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forengrishsummary) that the Tsill Energy 2023h1 profit level raises the bright eye, as previously disclosed by the company.
169.45%. Companies note that the growth in performance stems mainly from global brands, channel advantages, rapid growth of photovoltaic operations, upscaling of production capacity, increased sales and cost controls of 210 series of high-power products. Despite the volatility of industrial chain prices in the first half of the year, the growth in corporate performance remained strong.
H1 light-voltage product generated $34.954 billion, an increase of 21.10 per cent, or 70.78 per cent; h1 cargo 27gw, an increase of 50 per cent, and q2 cargo about 14gw, 2) company optimizes flexible solutions for multi-scenes one-stop systems, including photovoltaic + sand treatment, photovoltaic systems, etc.
One billion, or 112.98 per cent, of the same amount, and 4.5gw, or 3 per cent, of the distributed system operations. The company expands its intelligent energy operations and seeks to build a third-growth curve for the company. h1 smart energy receipts reach 1,190 million, or 58.46 per cent, or 1.14 per cent, and storage operations increase by more than 200 per cent.
At that time, the company expected the storage of energy batteries, straight-flow batteries and a combination of direct-flow products to reach 2023 at the end of the year, and it was actively involved in increasing the integrated layout of industrial chain capacity in a wave of light-voltage technology. 1) In the development of type N technology, the company released the i-topcon route at this year ' s s snec exhibition.
This figure, and the introduction of a new generation of advanced i-topcon technologies, has achieved an average output efficiency of 25.8 per cent and is expected to reach 26 per cent by the end of the year at a flat cost. At the same time, the top n-topcon component conversion efficiency has passed 700w, with good rates and efficiency reaching industry leaders.
2) With regard to the N-industrial chain layout, the company expects that by the end of 2023, the N-silicon production capacity will reach 50gw and that the N-silicon production capacity will increase across borders from the planned date of the end of 2022, while the N-silicon production capacity is expected to reach 40gw and the battery self-matching rate 70% +.
3) In the context of overall integration, the company expects global assembly/cell block/silicon production capacity to reach 95/75/50gw by the end of 2023, while the company indicates that the product type of component line will be adjusted periodically in the light of available battery capacity and municipal supply and demand planning to enhance the core product pricing advantages
Companies have stepped up their research and development investments to quickly take over technology patents. In the first half of the year, companies have developed 138 patents, accumulated 1218 patents, and continue to be in China’s leading position in the photovoltaic industry.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: based on the company ' s performance in the first half of the year and on the level of purchase orders, I am looking forward to six months of high profitability, which is expected to continue to improve as silicon capacity is released, compared to the value premium enjoyed by companies that are comparable to the integration of components; but taking into account the current downward valuation of the plate
And with the split of the company's distributed business, we've lowered the company's 2023pe valuation target to 16 times, and it's getting worse; the price of raw materials is higher than expected.