10%
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
CTGDF (601888 CH)
BUY (maintain)
Lockdown in Sanya likely represents yet another entry
opportunity
Target Price
RMB253.0
(Previous TP
RMB232.0)
Up/Downside
+33.2%
Sanya's Omicron subvariant BA.5.1.2 outbreak has led to ~700 positive cases as
Current Price
RMB189.5
of yesterday, and has prompted the city to initiate lockdown again subsequent to
the one in April this year. In response to this, CTGDF has suspended its Sanya
China Consumer Sector
operation (Sanya DFS Mall phase 1 and 2) starting from 5 Aug (same day as the
lockdown was initiated) until further notice. Judging from past experience, we
Joseph Wong
estimate that Sanya's social distancing policies will last for a month or so. This
would undoubtedly put a pause on the recovery that we have seen in June and
July, when August is at the core of the summer travel season. The incident has
Zheng Xiaohui
prompted us to lower our 2022E revenue by 14.9% considering also the
preliminary results announcement for 2Q. Meanwhile, we raise our 2022E GPM
by 1.4pp to factor in an improved discount discipline of the Hainan's duty free
business, and these in aggregate explain to an 8.1% cut in our 2022E net profits
and put us 6.6% below consensus. That said, similar to many other outbreaks in
the past, any disruptions from lockdowns to tourist traffic would only represent
temporary drags to share price, in our view. If the situation gets under control
within August, we still see scope for travel demand to recover sequentially into
4Q, particularly when the quarter is seasonally clustered with festivals and
shopping campaigns. We remain BUY-rated.
Shareholding Structure
China Travel Group
53.3%
An update on Hainan's current outbreak. 827 confirmed positive cases
HKSC
9.8%
were reported during 1-7 Aug in the province, with 689 cases being reported
CSFC
3.0%
in Sanya. Local government has initiated a lockdown and implemented city-
wide nucleic acid tests. Meanwhile, inbound/ outbound flights, and public
Share Performance
transportations are suspended. Tourists are permitted to return home only if
Absolute
Relative
1-mth
-9.9%
-3.6%
they are tested negative after completing the 7-day risk screening tests (i.e.,
3-mth
6.3%
11.1%
negative nucleic acid test results on day 1, 2, 3, 5, and 7).
6-mth
-14.8%
-4.2%
Solid July momentum. The Department of Commerce of Hainan Province
reported over RMB5bn (+21% YoY) sales for offshore duty-free operators
12-mth Price Performance
with RMB4bn duty-free sales (+9% YoY). The number extended from the
(RMB)
strength in June in which CTGDF reported a 13% YoY sales growth.
Valuation. Our new TP is based on an updated 45.0x (from 46.5x) roll-
forward mid-23E P/E (from end-22E) which still represents 2-year average
since 2020. We raised our target multiple in our last upgrade report to reflect
the potential re-rating driven by the sequentially recovering, though bumpy,
domestic tourist traffic over 2H22.
Auditor: PricewaterhouseCoopers
Related Reports
Looking past the weak 2Q; earnings
risk diminishing as consensus is
subtly edging down; upgrade to
1Q22 below market although GPM
momentum; keep Hold on fluid
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM does
not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors
to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or its
affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or
enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss,
damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information
contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIGM
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information,
advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information
and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make
investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf
of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in
this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume
any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or
published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBIGMG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBIGMG may distribute reports produced by its respective
foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is
distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289)
of Singapore, CMBIGMG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBIGMG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.