Launch of new products v20 and g20s, product power to maintain lead, stone technology (688169.sh) company to issue new products v20 and g20s, product power to maintain lead and “buy-in” ratings
On March 29, the company released two new items, v20 and g20s, from which V20s sold $4799/5399 (up and down), g20s sold $5399/5999 (up and down), and the product kept the lead on the same product.
They maintained a profit forecast, with a net return of 24.1/28.5/33.8 billion yuan in 2024-2026, corresponding to ps.v20 using the first two light source solid laser radar programme worldwide, eliminating lds, thinner airframes, combined stone pmd, English flyer, Opheum, the first 3d-tof two light source solid lasers worldwide.
Radar navigation avoidance programme, Starfleet, compared to the same product: (1) de-radar with bumped up, air height down to 82 mm (generally 100 mm or more for the type of floor sweeper) with easy access to low space such as bed floors, couches, etc. (2) line laser rotation navigation, 3d-tof dual-sourced light arrays, gears
With the advantages of distance, accuracy, and speed of response, accurate maps can be restored, and precision avoidance can be achieved. (3) Using both light sources to look at the same distance effectively solves the problem of 3d-tof's "multiscope interference" for ground sweepers. g20s locate high-end all-power flagship ships, cleaning capacity and convenience are further upgraded.
g20s are a domestic version of the overseas s8maxvoltra, which upgrades the drag and base stations' self-cleaning capabilities, locates the whole flag ship, and better caters to carpet families. In contrast to the same products, (1) a complete simulation of the artificial ground with a high frequency shock frequency of 4,000 times, combined with the industrial first-infested mechanical arm and edge.
Angular fixation of small disc drag-painting combinations, which enhances cleaning capacity. (2) Base stations add active brushing skills, which rises to an automatic underwater height of only 30 cm. (3) screwdrivers are combined with hair-smoking curls, double-smoking and hair-cutting. (4) support the matter and further connect intelligent homes. (5) mops rise to a height of 20 cm.
Some of the p10spro product pre-sales are out of order and performing well.
This new product is a series of medium- and high-end flagships that are expected to better match high-end consumption demand, the 2023.4 Profitability super-expected, and the new domestic and foreign product matrix that we believe is expected to support together strongly the performance of the 2024q2 domestic market.
The product is bright -- company information update report. Publication of land sweeper new items p10s and p10spro, product lead competitions - company information update.
1 Stone-distributed ground sweeper new items v20 and g20s, with product power remaining in the lead. On 29 March 2024, rock technology organized a global conference on new items and released two high-end flagship sweepers new items v20/g20s.
Of this amount, v20 was sold for $4799/5399 (up and down), using the global first 3dtof double-light, solid-source laser radar navigation barrier, which allows for the accurate reduction of maps under 82 mm of thin airframes and the precision shield. g20s sell for $5399/5999 (up and down), a domestic version of the overseas s8maxvultra.
Jie uses a combination of smart mechanical arms and edged small discs to fix, while upgrading the drag and base-station self-cleaning capability to locate the All-power Flagship. In contrast to products of the same type, stone V20 has a thiner airframe thickness and a stronger navigational shield.
Barriers, lower base station heights, and higher pass-over heights; rock g20s with greater ground cleanness and self-cleaning, higher moping up heights, and cheaper pricing. Product power continues to lead. V20 achieves precision reduction of maps under 82mm thin airframes and precision avoidance barriers.
Super thin new v20s, where the Starfleet lead system is able to achieve three-dimensional environmental awareness, which furthers navigational avoidance capabilities; two-armed and ultra thin fuselage designs have fully upgraded the edge clean-up coverage; self-defenses, double-swipe cleaning systems, curry hairs, and not easily entangled; self-cleaning, full-power stations, and real hands-free.
The first two light-source solid laser radar navigation avoidance technology in the world of rock technology is the 3d-tof application in the field of land sweepers, the ability to sense the three-dimensional environment, the building of physical space, the mapping, positioning, navigation and avoidance of ground sweep robots.
A new revolution in barrier technology. Tof refers to flight time, which calculates distance by light speed and by light flight time. The technology is currently applied in many areas such as autopilot and virtual reality, with the advantages of distance, precision, rapid response, etc.
When applied to ground sweep robots, there are a lot of reflective echo waves, such as ground, walls, etc., that can interfere with range accuracy, which is the industry’s famous problem of “multiscope interference.” Three of the top institutions in the Stone and Technology Consortium, British Flying, pmd, and Ophelia, have been working together for five years.
The 3d-tof launch programme with two light sources solved the problem by naming it the Starfleet pilot system. With multiple sensors, the Starfleet programme can achieve three main advantages compared to other navigation methods: (1) elimination of the lds laser radar, with the air height down to 82 mm (similar to the type of floor sweeper).
In 100 mm or more, there can be easy access to low-snap spaces such as bed floors, couches, etc. (2) the 3d-tof dual-luminescent programme, compared to the line laser rotation navigation, is a light array with the advantages of distance, accuracy, speed of response, etc., capable of accurately restoring the original map and achieving precision avoidance. (For example, the 21,600-point array of v20 can detect obstacles.)
Three-dimensional information of the size, width and height of the object, combined with the rgb camera, better able to identify the type of barrier, a differentiated escape strategy) (3) Using both light sources to look at the proximity at the same time and effectively address 3d-tof “multi-scope interference” figure 3: Stonestar lead system (left) firing face lasers simultaneously at the front and back ends, compared to the Line Laser Program (right)
To achieve better navigation and avoidance (2) tow arms, new flexiarm tow arms, one tow, for angles, corners, bottom of refrigerators and cabinets
In lower-mortality areas, it is possible to reach out automatically and to clean automatically the edges, which reach 98.8 per cent coverage. Figure 4: Stones v20 with brand-new flexiarm sweeps and drags arms (3) 82 mm ultra thin airframes
Most of the land sweepers on the market are 100 mm or more, and rock v20 is currently the world’s thinest machine product, and the filamentary body can drill into low-trend cracks like sofas and the bottom of cabinets, with a more intuitive user experience. Figure 5: Stone products are currently the world’s thinest, 82mm thinner body.
(4) Self-maintenance of the double spiral cleaning system, with a hair collection rate of as high as 99% v20 with a double roll brush, can easily comb the hair on the ground in the direction and in-roll motion, and then suck it off through the windmill. So it's either on the floor, tiles, hard ground, or soft.
On the carpets, v20 has a 99% pick-up rate for hair, and in addition, v20 has hair clean-up features that can significantly reduce the frequency of user maintenance and greatly improve user user ease.
Figure 6: Stones v20 has self-maintaining double-vortex cleaning systems (5) self-cleaning all-power stations v20 are equipped with a higher level of all-power base, with a total increase in clean-up capability.
In addition to the traditional all-power base station function, the sink at the bottom of v20 cleans the mops and designs a pair of scratches from the bottom of the scrubber, which can automatically wash the base of the base station and significantly reduce the frequency of manual clean-up of the base station by the users themselves. In addition, the base station can also perform hot water debacterization, shrouding, self-drying, which effectively inhibits bacteria.
Figure 7: V20 is equipped with a higher all-power base 3 and rock g20s to locate high-end all-power flagships, which further upgrades their clean-up capabilities.
High-end flag ship, labeled at $5399, upper and lower-water version at $5999, with four-sector dual-shock ground systems, dynamic mechanical arm plus small-hand drag, automatic lift-up of 20 mm tow sheeting, base station automatic brushing, etc. Figure 9: Stone release g series of all-power flag ship sweeper new items g20s
(i) Sector 4 double-shock ground system (full simulation of real manual ground) G20s mopeds are divided into four areas, with the front seismic zone focusing on dissipating the stains, the middle area cleaning the stains, the back seismic zone consolidating the cleanness, the harvest area completely absorbing the water, and the whole cleaning operation company.
A new generation of sonic swirling ground modules has increased by 16.5 per cent, and the frequency of vibrations has increased from 3,000 to 4,000 per minute; an increase in the region and an increase in the frequency of vibrations naturally allows g20s.
Disruption of persistent stains more effectively. (2) A mechanical arm + a small round hand drags. A small round hand drag can rotate at high speed, with a very limited edge, and a full range of cleanliness can be achieved.
(3) Automatically lifts the mop 20 mm to avoid secondary contamination. g20s automatically raise the mop from the previous 8 mm to the top 20 mm in the industry.
The flagship of the stone is equipped with the most comprehensive base station function, capable of washing the mop, collecting dust, adding cleaning fluids, rehydrating the machine, drying it, scavenging it, scavenging the base station, cleaning itself, whole-chain antibacterial, etc. Active cleaning of the mop process, which is called “washing, brushing, scratching”, which is a high-speed brush, imitating hand after hot water soaks.
The machine shaves the stains, the water, and then simulates the man's clean-up, and then he drys the rags, which is tested in Rhinetuv, Germany, with a rate of 99.99% for shampoo. Figure 11: Active cleaning of mops short for “cleaning, brushing, scratching”.
Fig. 12: Stones g20s have mopping dust collection, water fillings, drying, pollution detection, base station clean-up, whole chain antibacterial, etc. Up and down water base station is only 44.6 cm deep, 30 cm high, easily placed in the house.
One key search, one-stamping function: g20s have a pet-seeking feature that allows a sweeper robot to find your pet at home, take a picture and send it, and an online cloud-sniffing cat. The new flag ship is smarter and more connected to intelligent homes.
Innovative companies with power and equipment, rocks have been working on a consumer-centred software ecology while working on product hardware. This rock-g20s new flagship series supports the matterr smart home agreement, either through a built-in voice helper, or by app, app, applewatch, applewatch, small program, desktop grouping, etc.
The head sweeper is expected to be another intellectual touch point for smart family solutions.4 Revenue forecasting and investment advice are less than expected for new products to be sold; raw material price risk; and demand for high overseas inflation is less than expected.