New Olympic shares (60803), utilities, distribution of gas chain, business operations to the south-west securities research and development centre
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2022, which generated 73.02 billion yuan (+41.0 per cent) in the first half of the year, and the company’s operating income continued to grow at a high rate. The company’s operating income continued to grow as a result of increased sales of natural gas and the rapid expansion of integrated energy operations. The company’s total sales of natural gas in the first half of 2022 were 18.840 billion.
About 10.4 per cent of China's total natural gas consumption was achieved, with an increase of 56.670 billion yuan, or 44.5 per cent in the same year; combined energy sales in the first half of the year amounted to 10.8 billion kWh, an increase of 34.2 per cent in the same year, generating operating income of $6.13 billion, vertically laid gas chains, and synergies in integration. 1) Upstream: companies expand their gas supply.
A diversified supply sector, with companies acquiring eng liquid plant resources through equity investments and processing on a proxy basis, while companies purchasing international gas resources in conjunction with domestic ownership and hosting of ng liquid plant resources in tons of tons, with a cumulative volume of about 7.14 million tons, long-term indexing with multiple price indices, targeting of gas source costs, etc.) mid-stream:
(c) Downstream: 2022 Total company sales of natural gas in the first half of 2022 amounted to 18.840 billion, accounting for some of China ' s apparent natural gas consumption.
A city gas project, with sustained stabilization of new customer access, will guarantee a steady increase in the company’s natural gas sales. The proposed reorganisation of the Qingshan receiving station will further serve as a support point. The company will be able to be more flexible now that the first and second phase of the Nuevo Ochang receiving station can reach 7.5 million tons/year.
Use the support point of the canoe receiving station, enabling the industrial chain through upstream, middle and lower-stream synergies, efficient integrated operations, less than expected demand for marine gas, and less than expected expansion of integrated energy operations. 1 Gas smart operator, upstream and downstream synergetic development.
1.1 The vertically configured natural gas industry chain, based on the advantages of horizontal expansion, focuses on the gas industry chain and gradually completes the consolidation of the group gas assets.
In 2004-2016, the company expanded its operations and expanded its size through a number of acquisitions, resulting in the completion of a series of energy chemical injections into integrated energy enterprises covering the production and marketing of lang, coal, methanol products, and energy technology and engineering services. In recent years, the company has gradually restructured its operations, selling agricultural and veterinary medicines in 2019, and completing its work with New Olympics in August 2020.
Reorganization of energy assets, with companies taking advantage of the brand, technology and channel advantages of the New Olympic Group, focusing on the natural gas industry chain, setting up the gas industry chain up and down, and building on the synergies of the energy programme, horizontally expanding hydrogen, storage and photovoltaic operations to become natural gas intelligent ecological operators.
Figure 1: New Olympic stock development, upstream/downstream distribution of natural gas chains, integrated and synergized. By acquiring energy from New Olympics, connecting natural gas up/down, companies create synergies between upstream sources of gas resources and low visitors depending on the energy base of New Olympics.
Household gas distribution and integrated energy operations that transform gas sales into multi-goods and increase the volume of retail gas in companies. The company’s core business now covers natural gas development, production, processing and investment, energy technology engineering services, production and marketing of energy chemical products, and integrated energy operations.
Figure 2: Companies completing the top and bottom distribution of the natural gas industry chain Upstream gas supply: companies actively expand gas supply, with diversified suppliers and channels. On the one hand, companies access eng liquid plant resources through equity investment, alternative processing, and fully-owned subsidiaries use coal-bed gas.
Ing: The new energy-generation project to build 200,000 tons of stable light hydrocarbons by adding a pilot industry for hydrogenification and catalytic core free gasification technologies, which would result in 200 million annual cogeneration of natural gas, on the other hand, the acquisition of international gas resources by companies, domestic ownership and hosting of eng liquid plant resources and non-conventional resources, etc., to domestic industries, urban gas, power plants, transportation energy, etc.
Clients sell natural gas, and companies signed 4.8 million tons of international ng resources in the first half of 2022, totalling about 7.14 million tons long, linked to multiple price indices, and locked gas-source costs. In the case of middle- and middle-swain gas storage, the receiving station in Shoshan would act as a support point to enhance the CICA’s access to resources.
The Ochang Hill Liquefied Natural Gas (lng) Receiving and Repositioning Station is the country's first large private eng reception station, which has been delivered in phase I and phase II, with a physical processing capacity of 7.5 million tonnes/year, and the company's efficient handling capacity is closely linked to the vast consumer markets and customer demand in the China-East region of Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Jiangxi and Shanghai.
In the first half of 2022, the company’s gas sales amounted to $2 billion, an increase of 37.2% over the same period, and the company’s intention was to issue shares and pay cash to purchase 90% of New Orc Hill’s shares, and the efficiency of receiving station operations is expected to increase further after the asset is injected. In addition, the subsidiary’s new site works on gas pipelines and lng receiving stations.
Downstream gas distribution: companies have become one of the largest gas distributors in the country through the acquisition of New Olympic energy. Companies depend on large downstream customers for gas distribution, with total sales of natural gas in the first half of 2022 amounting to 18.840 billion, representing approximately 10.4% of China’s apparent natural gas consumption.
The horizontal layout of the energy business is expected to become the company’s second growth curve. Companies use the green corporate solution as an entry point for the development of energy-efficient end-use measurement services such as energy-efficient and process-efficient energy facility hosting operations.
Twenty-seven general energy projects have been completed and put into operation, with a cumulative total of 177 energy-improving projects, and 40 general energy projects are currently under construction, with potential combined energy sales expected to reach 38 billion kilowatts (kWh) after the completion of all projects under construction and delivery. Depending on the synergies of the energy programme, the company is distributed light-voltage with a contract size of 380 megawatts in 2021.
The company has actively deployed hydrogen energy technology and has implemented engineering applications, relying on the subsidiary’s new land project to provide the whole of the pec project, with 32 projects under construction and delivered hydrogen engineering. On Liaoninghouse Island, the company uses its own natural gas as a feedstock, relying on its own hydrogen patent technology, to design and build its own hydrogen plant, and to provide 12 million-odd-year hydrogen to clients in the pharmaceutical industry.
By the first half of 2022, New Olympics held 48.2% of New Olympic shares, Mr. Wang Yushang, the real controlr, indirectly controlling New Olympic energy through New Olympic shares, and investing in New Olympics, New Olympic Holdings, Portraits, and Wye's holding of 69.9% of the company's shares were announced by the company on March 25th.
The Repurchase Report, which repurchases the company’s shares in the form of a centralized competitive transaction, proposes to buy back a total of US$ 120 million for equity incentives and a purchase price range of not more than US$ 25 per share. This repurchase demonstrates the firm’s faith in future development prospects, and, by implementing equity incentives, improves incentives to bind management and core personnel interests and drives the company to further develop.
1.2 Focusing on natural gas operations, achieving rapid growth in performance. Reorganization of corporate assets in 2020 led to the formation of a major business centred on natural gas. In 2019, company operations were dominated by energy engineering, coal, chemicals and trade, accounting for nearly 90 per cent; in 2021, company gas retailing, wholesale,
Direct sales account for 75% of the business, which is a core business. The company relies on the energy of New Olympics for downstream gas distribution, engineering installation, integrated energy operations, and value-added operations, which complement the original upstream lang business, and the restructuring of the company to take advantage of the integration of the production chain and achieve synergetic development.
Energy engineering, "coal" chemical industry, "lng" trade industry, biopharmaceuticals have continued to grow and the net profit of the parent has fallen. In 2017-2019, the total gas sales of the company's annual recovery division were 18.840 billion, and the direct sale, retailing and wholesale of natural gas generated 56.670 billion dollars in operating revenue.
A 44.5 per cent increase over the same year; IEC revenues of $6.13 billion, an increase of 50.1 per cent over the same year, sustaining high growth; Coal prices, significant increases in corporate coal sales, 1.3 billion yuan over the same period, an increase of 13.3 per cent from the return to the home; A net return profit achieved by the company during the first half of the year, a decrease of 26.1 per cent over the same period, mainly due to upstream natural gas procurement prices.
The company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate levels have declined as a result of upstream gas prices. In the first half of 2022, the company ' s combined Māori cost increased and the company ' s overall Māori rate declined as a result of the relatively high share of retail wholesale gas operations; the Māori rate for construction and installation operations increased from 48.1 per cent in 2019 to 50.4 per cent; and the Māori rate for integrated energy operations increased from 18.1 per cent to Māori.
Levels of stability: The rise in coal prices has led to an increase in the Māori rate of the company ' s coal business and a further decrease in the Māor ratio of the company ' s coal business, 69.6 per cent in 2021, and a gain/loss on the methanol business. Assumption 1: For gas distribution, the company ' s gas retailing, direct sales, wholesale prices and Māori prices are mirrored by natural gas prices
Assumption 2: For engineering and installation operations, the company ' s residential and business users continue to expand, with business users receiving access at a cost of $203/(single/day) and residential users at an average cost of $2350/household, and for 2022, the level of business Māori is 48 per cent.
Assumption 4: For coal and methanol operations, subject to the price of raw coal, the company increased the price of its own coal and methanol products, with coal selling at an average price of 600 yuan per ton, 480 yuan per ton, 450 yuan per ton in 2022-2024, and methanol selling at an average price of 2022-2024, we selected nine sources of energy similar to the New Olympics stock, new green energy, Shenzhen gas as comparable companies, and three could do so.
The net annual return profit will maintain a mixed growth rate of 13.0%, with the first coverage given to the “holding” rating. The prices of eng abroad continue to rise, the assets of the canyon lng receiving station are indeterminate, downstream gas demand is less than expected, and integrated energy operations are not expanding as expected.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.