The New Olympics shares ennaturalgas (600803ch) semi-annual review: the core profits have grown significantly and the reception stations have been restructured successfully 1h22report: coreprofitincreasedsubstantially, ngterminalreorganizationwasapproved
In the first half of the year, the core profit was 2.26 billion yuan, +49 per cent.
2.259 billion, or 48.85 per cent more than the previous year. The main reasons for the growth in corporate core profits were: (1) higher profit contributions from direct sales business than in the same period of the previous year; (2) higher sales coverage in the coal industry, higher unit prices and higher profit contributions than in the same period of the previous year.
• Upstream and downstream integration, building smart ecological operators in the gas industry. The company has a strong downstream distribution capacity, with 254 urban gas projects covering 20 provinces of the country, mostly in economically developed areas along the south-east coast as of the end of June 2022.
During the first half of the year, the company sold 18,836 million cubic metres, representing about 10.4 per cent of China’s daily apparent consumption, and the market share will widen further as the policy of double carbon progresses. At the same time, in terms of upstream access to resources, the company promotes international and regional cooperation.
Domestic, long-term and off-the-shelf, gas and liquid, land and sea resources interact flexibly, operate in an integrated manner, and optimize the pool of resources. Within the country, companies deepen their strategic cooperation with large companies such as China Oil, China Petrochemicals, China Sea Oil, etc., to obtain more pipeline gas contracts
At the same time, companies have established stable cooperation with non-conventional resource operators such as Yamato and Kawasaka, which have accumulated more than 3 million square days of unconventional resources and have developed a variety of areas such as Hebei and Shandong.
In the first half of the year, the company signed a new international ling resource of 4.8 million tons, cumulatively.
The recapitalization of the New Orcsung receiving station was successfully completed. The recapitalization project was approved by the CSRC in August 2022 for the repatriation and completion of the targeted assets.
The new unit is available. The number of processing stations in Xiaozhou is 7.5 million tonnes/year, and is in the forefront of the industry. It is highly significant and highly efficient in linking the vast consumer markets of China’s eastern regions, such as Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Shanghai and others.
The needs of the field and its clients, which create flexible linkages between domestic and international markets, can be achieved through eco-cooperative approaches such as window swaps, tri-window use, and the creation of corridors covering the import of lang resources along the coasts of North, East and South China.
An important platform for global resource allocation, which allows for dynamic adjustments in the long-term and short-term procurement of eng resources overseas, leading to a more stable and market-competitive pool of resources. In addition, New Olympic shares can be traded in windows, can-container leasing, ling, etc.
New types of operations, such as ship accoutrements, offshore bonded warehouses, eng tank land-cum-sea transport, offer additional possibilities for creating flexible and diversified domestic and international distribution channels for natural gas.
Xinhu.