The Utun bus (600066) continues to function, showing long-term value to the Southwest Securities Institute.
In the first half of the year, the company sold 27,000 buses, an increase of 3.73 per cent. Of these, 17,000 vehicles sold in large and medium, a decrease of 4.81 per cent in the same year, and the largest in the industry.
The total volume has declined the same year, with the continuation of the new energy bus “old for new” policy in the second half of the year, and the expansion of demonstration projects such as the fourteenth and second batch of “public transport cities” and urban-rural transport integration, which are expected to increase demand in the same way. The company will continue to work in the hotel and bus markets in the second half of the year, drawing on the full rice section.
• The external layout continues to deepen, and export sales are growing over time. According to the China Bus Statistics Information Network, the volume of exports of large and medium-sized buses in the first half of the year grew by 16.51 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and growth is expected to continue in the second half of the year.
The external layout has continued to deepen, building on a self-researched new energy technology platform and a global high-end product matrix, deepening the “one country one” localization strategy, with the expectation that future sales of high-end new energy vehicle-type exports will continue to be strong. Companies have accelerated the deployment and development of high-end overseas products, with the first exchange of a new generation of pure inter-city caric12e in June.
Vita, an Italian operator, continues 610 km, and it is expected that the subsequent export of new energy buses will continue to be stable at a higher level and share the growth of the company with investors.
The product matrix continues to be enriched (2025-04-29) 2. Woo-train (600066): inward sales + export performance 3.woot-trailer (600066): leader of a bus.
Quality product services globally (2025-02-20) have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.