The 25m6 sales were impressive and the structure continued to be good The ring ratio + 37%, 25h1 achieved 21,300 bus sales, the same year + 4%; 25m6 of these companies continued to improve exports and new energy sources, which are expected to guarantee high growth in the company ' s future.
The bus market as a whole is in a period of cyclical recovery, with old and new policies expected to boost domestic bus prices compared to the trend of 300 deep, and now recovering, with large export space for the overseas bus market, while new energy penetration rates are expected to rise.
The future structure of corporate sales is expected to be optimized, new energy passenger vehicle exports in the export structure are expected to continue to improve, new energy passenger vehicle sales are expected to continue to rise, subsequent growth channels and product advantages are evident, driven by exports and new energy sources, and medium- and long-term competitiveness is expected to continue.
The marketing, services and accessories system is well developed, with significant quantitative advantages, with sales dominated by direct sales, sales-based models, salesmen outnumbered competitors, product services and accessories networks, and service models diversified. At the same time, companies use their own power and smart networks.
• Investment proposals: China’s passenger-car exports are growing, and companies will be the leading exporters of passenger-cars.
1.q3 Performance meets expectations, focussing on the q4 policy, 2. Leaders of the q4 industry, domestic recovery and maritime use of legal compliance information, independent and objective presentation of the present report. Data and information used in the present report are from open information in the market, and I have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.