There has been a steady increase in profitability, with net profits growing by 16% in the second quarter of the year compared to the same year, while the export of cars and commercial vehicles continues to be released, with net profits increasing by 16% in the second quarter of the year compared to the same year.
21,321 vehicles sold, i.e. + 3.7 per cent of the same year, operating income of $16.13 billion, i.e. almost equal, net profit to the mother $1.94 billion, i.e. + 15.6 per cent of the same year; in the first quarter, the Woo-tung bus, 2502 battalion, received $9.7 billion, i.e. the same amount, i.e. 51 per cent of the same year, the ring was returned to the mother, i.e. $1.18 billion, i.e. 16 per cent of the same year, the ring + 56 per cent of the sum, i.e., $91 million.
The profitability is robust, and the marketing structure is gradually optimized. The profit-making capacity of the bus is 22.9%, which is expected to be largely a marginal contribution from the release of new energy sources (25H1W).
Commercial payment cycle; Utseng bus 2502 asset impairment of $110 million, credit impairment of $60 million, and asset disposal gain of $176 million. Overall, corporate performance is released steadily, thanks to solid cost-control capabilities, continued scale effects, and medium- and high-end strategic evolution.
With the increase in export sales (including the rise in the share of new energy sources) and the ongoing domestic rehabilitation (catalyzing public transport with old-change policies), and the opening of the scene (increased penetration of new energy sources in inter-city and passenger seats), the Department is expected to continue to receive high-quality, incremental orders.
In the medium-to-long term, the cycle and growth are still on track, and Woo-tung’s performance is expected to continue to release. At the end of the industry: one country is recovering: domestic bus demand is expected to continue to recover (with old policy swaps); two export releases: about 280,000 vehicles are sold annually abroad, less than 10% of new energy penetration is higher than domestic penetration.
Utunbus (600066.sh) - Promising profitability, increasing net profits by one quarter, and multinational overseas designated policies to promote the replacement of new energy buses; Utun terminal: 1 export market
Building an innovative model of “technology plus services exports” that captures the continuous breakthrough of the new energy development window overseas, the Wootong bus (600066.sh) - a sound profit-making, medium-term red-rewarding shareholder, upgraded from “manufacturing and marketing” to “manufacturing services plus solutions” and continued competitiveness
(a) The Wootong bus (600066.sh) - excellent cash flow performance, boosted by domestic and foreign resonance, and gradually expanded overseas from Asia, Latin America, Africa and other regions with advanced passenger industry such as Europe to promote industrial value chains to medium-to-high ends, with the prospect of fully benefiting from the expansion of new energy sources abroad;
The Utunbus (600066.sh) – export and internal sales resonance, net profits continue to rise – Mäori improvements in risk management + preferred markets, and domestic profits are expected to recover. The investment proposal is a global champion of growth and dividends, with a “better than the big market” rating.
The sum of billions of yuan, which is almost even, the net profit to the mother is 1.94 billion yuan, or +15.6 per cent of the year; in a single quarter, the performance of the Yutong bus, 2502 Battalion, or 25 billion yuan, or + 5 per cent of the year, and the Ring + 41 per cent of the year, has been continuously released, thanks to factors such as the stability of domestic enterprises, the volume of export operations and continued cost control.
Figure 2: Quarterly revenue (millions of dollars) and rate of increase Net interest rate of 12.2 per cent, corresponding to +1.7 ptt, is expected mainly to be marginal contributions from new energy export emissions (25h1 Wootung Nun, net operating cash flow of $1.72 billion and fluctuations in cash flows in the second quarter, mainly expected to be compressed to suppliers
By and large, corporate performance has been released steadily, thanks to solid cost-control capabilities, the continued release of scale effects, and the evolution of medium- and high-level strategies. Looking forward to the year 2025, on the one hand, the increase in export sales (including the rise in the share of new energy sources) and the ongoing domestic rehabilitation (catalyzing public transport with old and new policies), as well as the opening of the scene (intercity cars, seats)
The company is expected to continue to receive high-quality incremental orders. Meanwhile, the company has released 2502 sales of 2,118 items, or 46% of the year.
Figure 6: Utunbus rates (%): Utunbus quarterly rates (%)
By the first half of 2024, the company had accumulated over 100,000 passenger vehicles of all types, and the products were sold out to Chile, Mexico, Ethiopia, Angola, Tanzania, the Philippines, Australia, Malaysia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan and Uzbekistan.
Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Qatar, the United Kingdom, France, Denmark, Norway, Finland, etc., are among the major countries and regions in need of buses worldwide. In the main market, companies have become one of the main bus suppliers. In the new energy passenger vehicle domain, in Qatar, Mexico, the United Kingdom, Denmark, Norway, Greece, Chile, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan.
Many countries or regions have created bulk sales and well-functioning green public transport, contributing to global carbon reduction. Companies have adopted a combination of direct sales and distribution in overseas markets, and now overseas sales and services networks have achieved the global target market layout through more than 60 subsidiaries, offices, and distributions.
The multi-channel model of partnership and direct marketing has covered six regions in the Americas, Africa, CIS, Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East and Europe: at the same time, taking advantage of technological and industrial chain advantages, companies have worked locally in more than a dozen countries and regions, including Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Ethiopia and Malaysia, through kd assembly.
To upgrade the business model from "product output" to "technology output and brand authorization". Recently, the Woo-tung passenger vehicle officially released new energy technologies dmt (mixed technology) and yaa in Pakistan, displaying four main power vehicles: H9, H12, e9, e12pr0. 400 pure electric buses signed with the Pakistani partner wil
The procurement agreement, which marks the official arrival of Pakistan’s #largest single new energy bus order, the largest public transport order, the largest market sub-order, and the largest commercial bus order, has written a historic chapter of the “Three Firsts.” Looking ahead, it is hoped that there will be a resonance, both within and outside the country:
Overseas: With the recovery of the global economy and improved demand for public transport, as well as major events, exhibitions and events on schedule, it is expected that demand in the bus industry will continue to grow in a resilient manner, while social recognition of new energy buses will continue to increase, with environmental protection requirements, international image enhancement and new energy vehicle technology.
The demand for new energy sources in overseas markets will continue as a result of such factors as progress and economic growth.