In 2018, the U.S. National High School was less profitable than the company's initial guidelines, and our main concern is the recovery in annual profit growth in the growth prospects of the company's core power cell business.
▪ We believe that further government cuts in subsidies will put more pressure on China’s growth in power cell demand between 2019 and 2020 cgs-cimbam/market consensus: power. Moreover, Ningde’s business is smaller in size, and the country’s high prices and profits should be higher.
The year 2018 was less than expected; profit growth recovered in the first quarter of 2019, but the contraction of the Maori rate was still a major problem for the sale of new energy vehicles, which contributed to the rapid growth of the core new energy motor battery business in the country's high school and the first quarter of the year.
Division revenue grew faster than the previous quarter to 65.3 per cent, but the company ' s Māori rate fell by 2.8 percentage points to 30 per cent over the same quarter. The public division saved some of the administrative and marketing costs. However, the company ' s net profit for the first quarter increased by only 25.2 per cent over the same period, owing to rising financing costs and rising effective tax rates.
The increase in the demand for new energy vehicles, with uncertainty and further price reductions, has led to profit pressures, and profit increases remain low in long-term visibility. Although the sales of new energy cars have increased by 182.6% on a year-on-month basis, this is mainly due to the refilling of Oem manufacturers.
Moreover, subsidy cuts will place further pressure on the average sales price of power cell producers and on the Māori rate. The Ningde era does not have the same technological and cost competitiveness as the country’s leading ones, and will be more dangerous when faced with massive government cuts in subsidies and increased competition.
The rise in accounts receivable also requires extra attention, the RMB 100 million increased to RMB 1,559 million in 2018. Although operating cash flows in the first quarter of 2019 showed signs of improvement, we still have to look at operating cash flows throughout the year.
Zhang Kai, cpa bythenumbers
We're not going to be able to do that, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, notbetkenasanindication oroaranteoffutureperformance, and noorientationorwarnty, expressorimplied, irmadergardingfutureperformance. the recipientofthithrestouldunderstandandcomprehensenttheinvestivesanditsrelaedriss, and whereencececessaryconsultt theinancialavisersprincipatementation.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Allopinionististesreflexthejudgmentoftheanalystonthedateofthithreportandaresubbjecttochandewothoutnotice.chinagalaxyinternationalland/or therevantpartnersherebydisclaisoftheirlibilisirisingffromtheinauracy, incorrectnessansandincompletessofthisreportanditsatattachment/sand/or anyactionorororororororororogormissionmadeotherof.accordedingly, thisportmustbereadinjunjactionwiththisdisclammer.
Id. (6881.hk; 601881.ch) is thedirectand/orindirecting companythegroupofcompaniesunderchinagalaxy international financial force.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
chinagalaxyinternationalelevantpartiesmay, to theextentpermitbylaw, fromtimetotimeparticipateorvesinfinancringtransactionswith the securitiesofthecompany(ies)mentationinthisreport, performsercenceforsolicitbusinessfroomsuchcompanyy(ies), and/orhaveaposibilityholding, orthormaticinterest, oraffectttransactions, inschesciritationsortionsotheron, orthormentsrelatedherto.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Ortradein thesecuritiescoveredIresearchverseissuesday afterthedateofissuesueofthisreport; (3) theservesan officeofanyof thehongkong-listed companiescoverinthisreport; and (4) hasannyfinalinterestsin the Hongkong-listedcompanies
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
No partifthismalmaybereproducedoredistributed without thepriorwrittenconsentofachinagalexyinternationalsecuritys (hongkong)co., Limited. 20/f,wingoncentre, 111 connaughtroadcentral, Sheungwan, Hongkong.generalline: 3698-68888.