A joint venture with tataautocomp to speed up the international market layout is strongly recommended (maintain)
On 14 May 2019, the company announced a joint venture agreement between the fully-owned subsidiaries of the U.S.A. High Power Energy Co. Ltd. (L.) and tataautocomp, which they intend to co-invest in a joint venture in India to run a battery-related business. The U.S. Co. Co. provided 40 million prints in cash.
The company's main line of lithium phosphate, with a high target, has a steady third-largest output in the industry, after the Ninder era and Biady.
As described in the bulletin, the company plans to sell power cell products of 14.45gwh in 2019, based on a marketing plan currently established after communication with its customers, with an increase of 254.16% in real sales in comparison with the target in 2018, including about 4gwh in Jiang Xiaohua, about 2.8gwh in the North, and about 1gwh in the New Energetic Vehicle, among others.
In 2019, a core product of 12.94gwh could actually be produced, with a output gap of about 1.51gwh to be supplemented by the current debt swap project. Joint venture with the Indian tataautocomp, followed by the internationalization of Bosch, will follow.
Tataautocomp, a company owned by the Indian tatag group, is the largest automobile company in India. This time, a joint venture with tata will fully integrate the advantages of the company’s powered lithium battery technology with its battery cooling system, bms, etc., to help speed up the company’s products.
Meanwhile, following the procurement framework agreement with Bosch in February of this year, and the successful entry into Bosch’s global supply chain, the company’s internationalization process has again borne fruit. The decline in power cell prices is a trend, and the company’s Māori ratio is now second only to the Ningde era among listed companies.
All of them are low-priced lithium phosphate products, but the company’s cost control is still not weaker than that of a leading battery company, benefiting from a shift from diaphragm procurement to a joint venture, with the Māori ratio of 2019q1 recovering from all of 2018.
In-depth report — Guogu (002074.sz): The recovery of lithium, re-emission of corporate values with cost-oriented expansion of the company's capacity; delivery of company orders to a lesser extent than expected; price of battery products falling
Quicker than expected; less than expected sales of electric vehicles throughout the year; less than expected rise of lithium phosphate; and less than expected increase of lithium phosphate.
Xu Wai: Master of Technology from Zhejiang University, two years of experience in securities research, covering power generation from new sources. Li Xiaohowo: Master of Space Engineering from Beijing University of Technology, one year of experience in securities research, covering vehicles from new sources.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City