On 1 May 2018, the company issued its annual report for 2018 and its quarterly report for 2019: it was collected in 2018.
51.3 billion yuan, or 6.0 per cent increase in the same year; 580 million yuan, or 30.8 per cent decrease in the same year; 2019q1, or 1.75 billion yuan, or 65.3 per cent increase in the same year; and 200 million dollars, or 25.2 per cent increase in the same year.
The performance growth in 2018 was mainly the result of the company ' s new capacity release, with the company ' s power cell collection of $4.56 billion in 2018, an increase of 12.31 per cent in the same year, the transmission and distribution equipment of $430 million, a decrease of 26 per cent in the same year, and the company ' s power cell load of 3.1gwh in the whole year 2018, an increase of 60.62 per cent in the first quarter of 2019.
On the whole, the company’s capacity and capacity increased rapidly in 2018, but the Māori rate declined significantly, mainly because of the fall in product prices due to the fall in subsidy policy and increased competition in the industry.
The company’s lithium product is good, and it's in third place, and now, from the industry as a whole, the company’s output is in third place, after the Ninder era and Biadey. In the case of a substantial subsidy, some of the price-sensitive models are expected to be replaced by three-dollar batteries with phosphate.
Lithium titanium batteries, mainly due to safer and less expensive phosphate lithium batteries, which are more profitable for low-cost vehicles. The company has been focusing on the area of lithium phosphate batteries, which now have a single energy density of 190wh/kg and a battery bag energy density of 140wh/kg, ranking in the forefront of the industry, and is expected to have low-end vehicle power.
Overseas customers have made a breakthrough and are expected to further improve their international competitiveness. With regard to customer structures, company batteries are supplied mainly in the use of vehicles, iev6el, a50 et cetera for the new energy sources of Jiang Xianghuai and the new energy ec phosphate battery. In addition, there are phosphate lithium batteries in the Chiré, Congtai, etc.
Accompanied by the company ' s major overseas clients, who have made a breakthrough into the Bosch supply chain, the clients have begun to be introduced by the country ' s new energy team, which is a wide-ranging source of evidence on the power plant: Pan Yong-la Xiamen University, Master of Finance, eight years of portfolio research experience, covering mainly engineering and electrical equipment.
Xu Wai: Master of Technology, Zhejiang University, two years of portfolio research experience, covering mainly new energy sources for power generation. Li Xiaohowo, Master of Space Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, one year of portfolio research experience, covering mainly new energy vehicles.