The number of live pigs is increasing at a very high rate, and it is hoped to achieve a very high price. Newly, it is hoped that the company will issue a bulletin on pig sales in 2018 and January 2019, selling 2.553 million live pigs in 2018, representing a 49 per cent change in comparison (of which 2,342.5 million head of commercial pigs, 19.20 million head of pigs, pig growing pigs).
The growth of pig production is steadily increasing. The company started its military pig farming operations in 2015, and the production of pig farming activities has been growing faster, with the number of pigs sold from 2015 to 2018.
87.28 million headlines have risen to about 3 million head, with the company adjusting its statistical caliber to 2.553 million head in 2018, and the annual compound rate of growth in unadjusted number of live pig sizes is about Oyang Woo swords.
109.49%, with a 50% rise in the same year in January 2019, the main growth in pig sales is the reversal of the pig cycle, which is expected to lead to an increase in the symbiotic performance of the pig. On the industry side, the African pigpest is on the rise, with a high degree of decomposition, a 15% decline in the stock of pigs and a shortage of pigs in the market.
On the firm’s side, the business of raw pigs and poultry chains will improve significantly as a result of higher product prices. Companies have the strength and determination to organize the whole chain.
The company is ahead of its strategy for the integrated industrial chain of agribusiness, and is expected to take the lead in the transformation of the industry.
Forge Fukuda, Fukuwa, the free-trade experiment in China.
No. China Sea International Centre B, 17th floor, in a way that uses legally compliant information, independently and objectively, to present this report.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. Readers who do not have business relations with the company are not its customers, and the company does not have proper responsibilities.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.