Stabilised and high-quality track, strong position of internal capital pcb tap, deep south circuit (002916.sz) depth study, 21 May 2019.
1. The three major operations are driven by high growth and have a strong domestic pcb leader. Reliance on public funds, focusing on electronic connectivity, with three operations, namely printed circuit boards, envelopes and electronic packaging, has created a unique industry.
The special "3-in-one" business layout, with companies ranking in the first half of 2018, is the top 10 in pcb, the highest in the world. The size of the collection doubled over five years, the net return to the mother grew fourfold, and the marginal effect was significant.
Research assistant: Wei Dae-chul 2. High-growth, high-quality track.
Beneficiary. The global pcb industry grew steadily with the development of the information industry, with 13.5% in the decade, well above the global level of 2.3%. China now accounts for more than 50% of the world ' s annual output.
Industry will further expand its industrial space, and the subsequent growth momentum will remain strong. Companies are qualified for portfolio investment consulting, are influenced by upstream and downstream demand and upstream discussion.
Price rights will lead to a sustained increase in industry concentration, leading companies will be well-placed, covering the most downstream client areas in the same industry.
Rapid growth in applications such as 5g, service storage, etc. is the first to benefit. Future capacity-raising is expected to generate more than 300 million net profits per year after delivery, adding up to higher unit prices for high-frequency products, with sustained high growth prospects.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings. Deep South circuits are expected to be 2019e-2021e times higher. Deep South circuits are home-grown pcb-manufacturing pioneers, with potential space in the future business area, with a first-time coverage of an “enhanced” rating.
I. The country’s first pcb company, three major business drivers of high growth 1, three decades of deep-farming pcb, 30 years of steady domestic leadership, 30 years of growing experience, business expansion opening up space for future growth. The company was founded in 1984 and began to grow.
In the game board; in 1993 it became a two-sided, multi-layered telecommunications industry, and the pcb operation became fully fledged: in 2008, the company began its electronic assembly business, and the following year it entered the semiconductor envelopes field, breaking the foreign monopoly: in 2015, the non-tin-deep-south semiconductor envelopes project (a phase) became operational.
In 2017, the first corporate-led cpca (China Electronics Industry Association) group standard was officially released, while the company made a successful landing on the mid-point of the deep-seal. As the 5g industry accelerates, the car’s electronic intelligence ratio is increasing, and the company is expected to expand further in the future.
The company focuses on the area of electronic connectivity and is committed to “building an integrator of world-class electronic circuit technologies and solutions.” The company owns printed circuit boards (pcb, primecircuitboard), enveloped boards.
And the three operations of IEC form the unique “3-in-one” business layout of the industry. Companies offer their clients one-stop solutions for professional efficiency by performing value chain services such as programme design, manufacturing, electronic assembly, microassembly, and testing.
Electronics, telecommunications equipment, car electronics, etc... In the first half of 2018, deep south was ranked 10th in the world's pcb company, and now the company has a long-term and stable strategic partnership with top global manufacturers, with the main clients: Hwa, Naking, Nokia, General Electric, etc.
By the first quarter of 2019, the company had a total asset of $8,863 million, an asset-liability rate of 55.75 per cent, and an annualized net asset rate of return.
(roe) 20.24%. The first major shareholder is a limited corporation of the Chinese Air Industry Group (CAG) with a limited control. The second is the share of the land equity fund and the Social Security Fund, respectively.
On the subsidiary side, the company currently has five major subsidiaries, all holding 100% of the shares, including no tin-deep south, no south-deep south south, and no tin-deep south-deep south, with production bases covering pcb, pcba, seal.
Businesses such as slabs, where there is synergy among subsidiaries.3 Financial indicators and business analysis are nearly fourfold higher. The main reason for this is that three major business synergies are beginning to emerge, pulling
The growth in corporate revenue growth; the marginal effects of growing companies, coupled with the company’s operating costs control, are a net profit increase much faster than the growth in revenue. The income structure is relatively stable, with a steady increase in the Maori rate of printing circuits and sealing boards.
Production of circuit boards, envelopes and electronics. By 2015 the collection of electronic boards and envelopes increased significantly by 6.4 pct and 6.5 pct, respectively. The company ' s three main lines of operations for 2015-2018 accounted for a more stable share of income, using printed circuit boards.
In terms of Māori rates, the company has the highest Māori rate of enveloped boards, 29.69 per cent in 2018, compared to the previous year +3.6 ptt, followed by Māori printed circuit boards, with 23.04 per cent in 2018 compared to +0.7 ptt. From 2016 to 2018, the company steadily increased the Māori rate of printing circuit boards and enveloped boards.
The circuit board business is the result of product structural upgrading and plant efficiency improvements; the enveloped board has been significantly enhanced by the use and sale of production and marginal benefits. Cost rates have been reduced over the years, and companies have significantly improved their profitability.
We believe that there are a number of reasons for: (1) the rapid increase in the size of the company and the obvious marginal effects; (2) the effective avoidance of the impact of the rise in raw materials prices by the public sector through long-term purchase orders in respect of raw materials; and (3) the firm ' s internal strict tariff controls, with three cost rates being reduced each year as a result of operating efficiency.
At present, companies are not at the top of the list, and future profits are expected to rise further with such factors as efficiency gains and upgrading of high-end products. Research and development costs are higher than those of the same industry, and there is a clear advantage in the pool of talent.
Especially in the 5g era, where products require a longer cycle from R & D to practical applications, companies have a long-term focus on R & D inputs, pre-positioning future industrial chains ahead of their counterparts in absolute terms, thus ensuring a strong leader. The company currently has 1386 R & D staff, directly occupying them.
According to about 15% of all employees, with a large number of autonomous patents, scientific and technological achievements, and a number of products and technologies in an international lead position, the company has been working for 30 years in the pcb industry, relying on state-owned shareholders and focusing on electronic connectivity.
We believe that companies have built a solid foundation on high-end pcb, and that there is a strong growth momentum in moving into multi-sector leading firms’ supply chains:
1. Trends in the industry: the company ' s high-quality track, where the industry as a whole is growing steadily with the information industry, and where it is better able to reap the benefits of increased concentration. 2) Core competitiveness of companies: through many years of R & D and operations, the company is well organized, people are better organized.
In the future, with the build-up of 5g, the products in question are expected to achieve the highest level of reserves and patents.
Global production of pcb is expected to reach $74.756 billion by 2023, and the combined annual growth rate of global production of pcb (cagr) by 2018-2023 will reach 3.7 per cent per year, which is the driving force behind growth in the pcb sector.
China’s continental market grew well above global levels, and the trend towards continued domestic transfer of the industrial chain was evident. In 2018, China’s continental pcb output amounted to $32.702 billion, an increase of 10 per cent over the same year in 2017, representing 52.4 per cent of global pcb gross domestic product (GDP) and a composite annual growth rate of pcb gross domestic product (Cagr) in China’s mainland 2018-2023.
China’s mainland combined annual growth rate of pcb (cagr) was 13.5 per cent, growing at a much faster rate than the global average of water and being the largest production base for pcb, China’s share of global pcb production is projected to be 54.3 per cent by 2023, and the global capacity of pcb production continues to shift to China’s mainland.
2. Growth dynamics: Emerging areas inject sustained dynamic energy into the industry, with broad prospects for the future (1) cloud computing +5g commercial, with downstream telecommunications electronics opening up new opportunities for growth. pcb industries have a clearer growth cycle as communication technologies update.
Further upscaling, 5g landings and impact on the pcb sector are concentrated on two main areas: 1) continuous growth and upgrading of the downstream telecommunications electronics sector; 2) 5g construction period, with an explosive increase in the demand for pcb and an increase in the demand for high-frequency equipment, pcb is expected
Servers are growing steadily and pc is relatively saturated with tablets. Computers and network equipment are one of the major downstream applications of pcb, mainly pc and servers, and are expected to grow rapidly as clouds are calculated, edged and fast-moving. Prismark statistics show that they are calculated in 2018.
The production of pcb in the area of machinery and network equipment is about 27% of the world ' s total production of pcb industry, and the global volume of pc exports was 260 million in 2018, a slight decline over the same period. The global market for pc is now relatively saturated, and the future volume of pc is likely to fall slightly from the current level; at the same time, the global server is 2018.
A total of 12.95 million deliveries, an increase of 3.14 per cent over the same period, are expected to continue to grow steadily in the future. 5g base stations will be well over the 4g era, and high frequency pcb is expected to rise at full cost. As requested by the Ministry of Information and Communications, it is expected that an early deployment of 5g will use 3.5 ghz medium frequency band (4g at around 2000mhz).
High, the smaller the single station coverage, so in the combination of base stations, the 5g era will replace the old base station with a small base station, a home base station, a multilayered ultra-secret network, with a base station of at least 4 g's 5g's information volume and transmission rate far above 4g, and the antenna's technological change will dominate the 5g application.
The most important components. Massivemimo (large-scale antenna technology), based on a significant increase in base stations, provides a significant increase in the number of antennas to improve spectrum efficiency and reduce delay, so that the number of pcbs per station is significantly higher than 4g. In the pcb type, a large number of base stations and end antennas will drive high frequency and multiple layers.
pcb and base material demand surges. HFpcb is a disaggregated product with high technical barriers in the industry, which must be filled with the requirement of very low power constants and medium losses. The value of individual macro stations pcb is 20 to 40 thousand yuan, and the profitability of their products is much higher than that of traditional pcb. From base stations, the number of single stations is pcb and pcb unit prices.
In three ways, we believe that, during the construction phase of 5g, the pcb volume price increase is more certain. (2) Auto-intelligentization will trigger the explosion of car electron, and pcb will bear the brunt.
Automobile electronics have developed in two main directions, car-body electronic control devices and vehicle electronic control devices. The control devices include total power controls, chassis and body electronic controls: car-borne electronics include vehicle information system navigation systems, vehicle-borne communications systems, vehicle-borne networks, etc.
The continuous upgrading of the physiology benefits mainly from the following two aspects: (1) a new generation of communication technologies triggers a transition to electronic car technology; and (2) new energy vehicle technology matures and changes in power systems accelerate car digitization from traditional fuel-powered to battery-powered systems, with a significant increase in car digitization.
Up, two of the most rapid increases in demand were: 1) smart driving as a long-term driving safety system adas, battery management system bms, etc., which is an important guarantee for the future to achieve unmanned driving: 2) car-borne electronics, vehicle-borne communications, represented by smart seating, and a basic need to build vehicle and object-networking.
The production value of car pcb will continue to grow at a faster rate, as a result of the higher degree of car electron and the higher value of bicycle pcb. The ratio of car pcb to the electronic product of the car as a whole is about 2% and the share of the market below pcb is about 10%.
In the future, the cost of car electronics as a whole will be close to 50%. Without the number of cars, the value of pcb remains at least double that of a single car as a whole.
Automobiles can add to each other in varying degrees. 3. Future trends: transfer of industry to the domestic level, increased concentration of industry, accelerated rise of domestic taps, including bronze, copper balls, coatings, semi-solidated tablets, gold salt and ink, etc., with overall material costs exceeded
60% of them have a direct impact on the performance of pcb, which is one of the key raw materials. The brassboard industry has a medium-higher market of more than 70%, the price options are higher, and the price volatility of products has a greater impact downstream.
As industries move faster into the country, concentration is expected to increase further. In terms of distribution and growth, developed countries have been limited to environmental pressures and labour costs, and industries have generally grown at a slower rate than in the world.
By contrast, China’s annual compound growth rate, which is significantly higher than the global average, has risen to more than 50%, thanks to its capacity advantage and its telecommunications electronic consumption, and is now a global pcb production centre. On the other hand, the concentration of the industry as a whole is still relatively loose.
Industry concentration is low, with only 6 per cent of the world ' s first pcb market, and only $5.7 billion a year in the global cr10 market, accounting for 1.28 per cent of the global market share, ranked 21st in the world, 10th in the first half of 2018, and the highest among domestic and Chinese firms.
The higher end of the product becomes a future product requirement, accelerating the rise of domestic poles. The downstream demand for equipment continues to move in the direction of light, thin intelligence, thus increasing the demand for high end products from pcb. The demand for products such as high hdi boards, which have more stacked layers, smaller lines, and can carry more functional modules, is increasing.
High. Domestic and domestic pcb taps with capital, technology, etc. are expected to replace imports of high-end products. According to Prismark, China’s high-technology content pcb is projected to grow at a high rate in the future, for example, with the enveloped base plate, which is expected to grow at a combined rate of 3.55% in 2016-2021, well above the global rate of 0.14%.
It is hoped to achieve a nationalized import replacement at the mid-to-high end of pcb, with a strong pcb tap that will further expand its leading edge. Thirdly, the company’s leader’s advantage is highlighted, with the ability to raise production to open up the space for subsequent growth1, the business layout is complete, and the medium-to-high end product technology is leading.
The company provides a one-stop service from circuit design, pcb/baseboard products, material substitution, welding, sealing tests, etc., in combination with business capabilities and industry chains. The deep south circuits currently have three operations in print boards, envelopes and electronic fittings (which contain the entire set of electronic wholes/systems).
From samples to small and medium batches to mass production combined manufacturing capacity to provide a professional and efficient one-stop integrated solution for customers through value chain-wide services such as programme design, manufacturing, electronic assembly, microassembly and testing.
In the areas of communications, aerospace, industrial medicine, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, services/storage, among the domestic pcb manufacturers, the downstream customers of companies are the most widely covered. Communications product demand is concentrated on 8-16 floor pcb, and company samples can be up to 100 floors.
The ratio of machine products downstream is about 60 to 70 per cent, with mainstream demand now dominated by 8 to 16 floors. High-speed circuits increase the amount of information processed, demands for high-density walking, blinding/blinding, etc., and high-speed modules pcb are up to 40 floors. Companies have mature high frequency/through long-term high R & D inputs.
High-speed plate processing processes, which can now reach 100 floors of double-sided pressure backboards, have been recognized as important clients. In 2017, the autonomous “Computer High-Wide Rate Core Backboard” was awarded the China Electronic Information Industry Award for Excellent Innovations (CTP) and the Ministry of Industry and Informatization (MII) for the use of metal-based printing boards.
The Division ' s long-term maintenance of technical barriers plays an important role.2 It secures high-end client resources and benefits from downstream customer data business expansion.
From 2015 to 2018, the top five customers of the deep south circuits were China, China, China, Samsung, Nokia, Weiwei, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
The firm’s products, technologies, and services are highly customized, while the development of new customers is well under way, providing a boost to the company’s long-term stability, and further release of productive capacity and sustained high growth prospects.
The company currently has three production bases, Shenzhen Longgang, Tinless and Nantong, of which tin-free and Nantung belong to the Muthing Project. (1) Shenzhen Longang comprises pcb, pcb, pcba, pcb, and pcb.
There are two factories, pcba operations, and (2) no tin-deep south contains pcb, pcb, pcba operations, pcb, pcb, and one plant: a tin-free base-plating plant with a total investment of 1,015 million yuan and a construction cycle of two years.
After childbirth, it is expected that an additional 600,000 square metres of annual capacity will be added each year, generating an average annual income of about 1,379 million yuan, and achieving an average annual net profit of about 193 million yuan. The future of the tin-free plant will be primarily oriented towards the storage market, with a larger volume of requirements than (3) the North-South industry, mainly pcb, with a total investment of 731 million yuan, for a two-year construction cycle.
The project is now certified as a third-party system. The pcb capacity will increase by 340,000 square metres per year after delivery, and is expected to yield an average annual income of about 825 million yuan after delivery, with an average annual net profit of about 108 million yuan.
In this case, additional layers of printed circuit board technology are required to meet the need for isolation.
Roadboards are also larger than in the 4g period, and given the 5g base station launch power increase and the higher frequency range, the 5g radio frequency circuit board also has higher requirements for the high-speed and high-frequency performance of materials. Overall, therefore, the number of layers has increased, the size has increased, the material has been required to increase, and the single plate has been raised.
The value of the pcb operation is still the company’s most core business, releasing production capacity, increasing the price of the base station’s high frequency pcb volume from the 5g construction cycle, and increasing industry concentration is projected to be 2019-2020.
We expect that 2019e - 2021e will be in operation for three years.
The other is the device module, i.e. the test card, etc., is relatively small. The business is expected to be 2019e-2021e, III. On the basis of listed companies in the same industry, share shares, Xinyang Electronics, and Zonta Technologies are selected as comparable companies.
Deep South is a leading domestic pcb manufacturing company that has the widest coverage of downstream customers and secure core customer supply chains, which can provide companies with greater elastic growth elasticity; the products are expected to rise at a higher price during the initial construction period of 5g.
The company is expected to build a new plant by 2020, but there are still projects that are not as fast as expected and energy release rates of 2, 5g are below expectations. The company's main growth point in the short term is from the construction of the 5g base station, with market feedback and capital input.
Most of the costs of company-owned pcb come from upstream raw materials, although companies have long-term supply agreements in place, but there is still a high risk of price fluctuations in raw materials. Since open compliance channels, the report’s analytical logic is based on one’s own professional understanding.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.