(b) Long-term competitiveness rating: equal to industry average company fundamentals (RMB)
The capital side has a significant advantage; the net difference is higher than the line line, and the net profit increases are still ahead. Agricultural companies have a network of businesses in urban and rural areas across the country, with significantly higher numbers of branches and staff than the line.
Traditional liabilities are less stressful. The share of farm deposits in interest-bearing liabilities is significantly higher than that of partners and the structure of the deposits varies from 87.9% of interest-bearing liabilities at the end of June 17, to 57.2% of personal deposits and 56.3% of current deposits in total deposits.
The cost has been low, the net profit spread of the company has been higher than the benchmark, and the net interest spread of the first half of the year has risen from 3 bps to 2.24% over the first quarter. The net profit rate of the firm has remained at the top of the row, with 1.86% in 16 years, the first of the four rows; the net profit rate of the first half of the year was 3.28%, of which the net profit rate was collected.
Bad agricultural practices, concerns and overdue loans were double-reduced; provision coverage was higher than the bid line. At the end of June, the negative balance was 3.11 per cent lower than at the end of the first quarter, with an end-of-period negative rate of 2.19 per cent lower than at the end of the first quarter 14bps, with the worst negative downs in the rows and negative double-falls in the agricultural sector.
Liu Zhiping has also achieved a double drop in both loans and late loans, with a small 0.1% decrease in the balance of end-of-service loans, and 3.62% of end-of-term loans of concern, a decrease of 26bps compared to the beginning of the year.
The company’s poor pressure and the quality of its assets have improved significantly, but the rates of poor farming, concern-group lending and overdue lending are still high. The agricultural sector’s provision coverage has been higher than the target.
All right, end-of-cycle farm provision coverage is 181.8 per cent, an increase of 8.2 percentage points from the end of the first quarter, with less pressure on the provision than against the labels.
The firm’s capital-side advantages will be further highlighted in the financial leverage environment. Net corporate profits remain at the forefront of the front line, and the firm’s net interest income and revenue rebound are evidently positive in the first half of 17 years; the company’s asset quality has improved significantly, and it is not good.
There is a double drop in both interest and overdue loans. The company has a higher level of coverage than the labels, a wider range of pressure than the farmers’ channels, and a significantly better structure of liabilities than their counterparts: they have a network of businesses in urban and rural areas throughout the country, with significantly higher number of branches and staff than the labels. As of the end of 2016, agriculture
There are 23,695 branches in the country, with a total workforce of 496,700 people, which is significantly higher than in several other major businesses. To benefit from a wide range of channels, companies have a strong capacity to hold, and deposits continue to outpace the target, with deposits growing by 7.1% in the first half of 2017 compared to the beginning of the year, with less pressure on traditional liabilities.
The share of farm bank deposits in interest-bearing liabilities was significantly higher than the share of joint sector deposits in interest-bearing liabilities, with 87.9 per cent of interest-bearing liabilities at the end of June 17, followed by 86.7 per cent of industry deposits; and, at the same time, the farmer ' s point of contact was more extensive in the district market, with a comparative position of individual deposits in the county market.
Notably, the share of individual bank deposits in total deposits at the end of June was 57.2 per cent, well above the 8 percentage points of the industry immediately behind them; the share of end-of-term farm current deposits in total deposits was 56.3 per cent, after recruitment (62.4 per cent).
After benefiting from the cost advantage of the end of the liability, the agriculture/business net difference is at the top of the line; the netting spread rebounded in the second quarter of 17 years. The farm/business deposit structure was excellent, and the cost of deposits was consistently low, with 1.36 per cent in the first half of 2017, slightly higher than recruitment (1.24 per cent) and construction/building (1.34 per cent).
To benefit from the financial advantage, the farmers’ net income gap has been at the forefront, with the farmers’ net interest gap of 2.24 per cent in the first half of 2017, maintaining the highest of the four major lines, and raising the ring by 3 bps over the first quarter. We believe that the advantages of the farmers’ capital have been further highlighted in the financial deleveraging environment.
The rate of net profit growth has remained high; the improvement in cost income has been most pronounced; the rate of net profit growth has remained high; and the growth in net interest income in the first half of 17 has been faster than the recovery. The rate of net farm profit growth has remained high at 1.86 per cent in 16 years.
Top in four rows; net profit grew by 3.28 per cent in the first half of 17 years, with an increase of 6.36 per cent in the same year and a clear advance in the rate of increase in the same year. In 2016, farm yields fell by 5.62 per cent in the same year, and in 17 years the faster rate of growth was mainly due to higher net interest earnings from firm interest spreads and higher net interest charges.
Cost controls have been tightened, with the most significant improvement in the cost-earner ratio. Farming cost revenues are at a higher level than in one of the four main lines, but in recent years they have increased cost controls, with significant cost improvements. In the first half of 2017, farm costs were 28.31%, a decrease of 1.72 percentage points and cost gains.
The absolute level of entry, while still at the highest level in the major estates, showed the largest improvement, with industry falling by 0.5 per cent and construction and middle rows increasing by 0.02 per cent and 1.14 per cent, respectively.
• Poor farming practices, concerns and overdue loans have been double-drawn; asset quality has improved significantly, but in absolute terms is higher than bid lines. The poor agricultural performance rate has been high, but it has been declining since the second half of the 16th century, with a poor agricultural performance rate of 2.19 per cent at the end of June 2017, down 14bps from the end of the first quarter.
The largest decline occurred in the middle of the row: the negative balance in agriculture fell by 3.11 per cent at the end of June 17, compared with the end of the first quarter, and the negative balance in agriculture fell by double. At the same time, the two-fold drop in both the outstanding and the outstanding loans in the first half of the year resulted in a small drop of 0.1 per cent in the balance of the end-of-cycle loans in the focus group and 3.62 per cent in the end-of-cycle loans in the focus group.
Undesirable pressure and a marked improvement in the quality of assets, however, poor agricultural practices, interest-group lending ratios and over-term lending rates remain high on the mark.
In 2016, it fell significantly, down from 173%. By the end of June 2017, the agricultural sector provided coverage and the company’s provision coverage was significantly higher than that of several other major companies.
In the financial-leveraging environment, the advantages of the public-sector capital end will be further highlighted. Net corporate profits remain at the forefront of the line, with a better growth in net corporate interest income and apparent rebounds in revenue in the first half of 17 years; and the quality of corporate assets has improved significantly.
We expect a net profit to increase by 2.8% and 3.8% in the year 2017-2018, a continuing decline in the economy, a continuing credit risk surge, market systemic risks, corporate business risks, etc.
Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three statements Analysis of rating ratios for relevant reports in the market: Analysis of rating ratios for related reports in the market
After the average calculation, the final rating is obtained as an average market investment The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the enterprise's fundamentals and assesses the results of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry in which it is located.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.