Tungwee shares (600438.sh) Photovoltaic Silicon Battery double taps, fast-tracked integrated component layout, “Photovolt + Agriculture” dual industry, with 62.5% of income from photovoltage silicon and battery.
In 2016, through a reorganization of assets, the main agricultural operations, such as water feed, animal feed, were injected into a listed company to form a two-sector layout for “photovoltaic + agriculture”. Since then, the share of photovoltaic operations has continued to rise, with three main operations: photovoltaic silicon/cell assemblies/agriculture receiving in 2021.
In 2019, the company began to expand silicon production during the industry ' s low valley, and in 2020 it became the world ' s number one silicon producer in 2021.
The PV film is the number one product in many years, with an accelerated release of type n production capacity in 2023. The company is a leading player in photovoltaics, with a global share of battery film production of 13.1% and 14.7% in 2020/2011, respectively.
We expect the company to have a battery plate N by the end of 22-24. The company now has an output capacity of 8.5gw in n-topcon, and has a test line in n-genetic knots. Rapid entry into downstream components, transformation of integrated components.
14/80/110gw, yield 8/33/62gw. With its own visibility in the photovoltaic industry, silicon cell ring leadership, and ample capital in hand, companies are expected to quickly open the domestic central assembly market and gradually extend the layout to overseas markets.
As silicon drops in prices and the supply side bottlenecks are removed, the photovoltaic sector will continue to grow at a high rate. We expect to accelerate the technological change in the photovoltage industry, N-type battery, throughout the year 2023-2025, with pre-existing R & D accumulations and substantial capital reserves.
Businesses are expected to meet better development opportunities. Profit forecasting and valuation: we expect the company to return to its net profits from 2022-2024 and the expected risks; components are not expanding as much as expected.
The company's predecessor, Sichuan Tungwee Feeds Ltd., was established in 1995 and placed on the market in 2004, with an early focus on the production and marketing of aquatic and animal feed.
In 2004, the Tonway Group acquired 50% of Yongxiang resin, and two years later, the Yongxiang resins formed the Yongxiang silicon industry. In 2013, the Tonway Group acquired the Fertilizer Saiwi industry and moved to the Battery Industry. In 2014, the Tonway Group established new energy sources and operated photovoltaic power stations. In 2016, the Tonway shares acquired Yongxiang shares,
Fertilizing solar energy (formerly a compost saviour) and Tungwee new energy sources, putting in assets to complete the photovoltaic business, officially opening up a two-way agricultural and new energy industry with shares. After many years of operation and development, the company became a multi-crystal silicon and solar cell tap, with a multi-crystal silicon production capacity of 230,000 tons a year, solar energy by the end of 2022.
The shares are concentrated and stable. Tonway Group Limited is the first shareholder in Tonway, with a share ratio of 43.85%. Tonway Group shareholders are Liu Han Won and his wife Yamei, with shares of 80% and 20%, respectively.
In addition, the Hong Kong Central Clearing House Ltd. holds 6.8% of the shares, the second largest shareholder in the Tonway stock, with no more than 5% of the other shareholders. The central and stable equity structure is conducive to the company’s operation and development.
A number of national and international honours, including the Standing Committee of the National Chamber of Commerce and Industry, the Executive President of the New Energy Chamber of the National Chamber of Commerce and Industry, have made outstanding contributions to the development of the country’s agro-pastoral and photovoltaic industries.
The industry of corporate management is experienced and technologically strong, ensuring that companies are both agropastoral and photovoltaic in terms of development strategies and technological innovation. Photovoltaics, corporate silicon, cell block chain production, and fast-tracked downstream components from the second half of 2022.
In agriculture, the company is mainly engaged in research and development, production and marketing of aquatic and animal feed, and currently has over 10 million tons of annual feed production, which is sold throughout the country and in some parts of South-East Asia.
In 2016, the share of income from agriculture and livestock was 66.6 per cent, and the share of income from polysilica and chemical and solar cells and components.
With the rapid expansion of photovoltaic operations, the share of revenues from silicon and chemical and solar cell and component operations rose to 26.8 per cent and 35.7 per cent respectively, respectively, with the rate of gross domestic product (GDP) falling from 14.7 per cent to 14.7 per cent since 2017.
Figure 5: Māori ratio of company operations, global carbon neutrality and consensus + photovoltaic parity, industry in high-speed development
The photovoltaic industry was first emerging in Europe and has so far gone through four phases. 1) The early stages of development: between 2004 and 2010, with Europe as the development centre, Governments introduced proficient subsidies and large-scale commercialization of the photovoltaic industry.
2) Adjustment period: In 2011-2013, the outbreak of the European debt crisis led to significant reductions in photovoltaic subsidies in European countries, and lower rates of return on investment and faster expansion of upstream capacity led to an imbalance in supply and demand in the sector. Moreover, Europe and the United States launched a “double back” survey of our country, which severely constrained the development of its photovoltaic sector.
3) Long-term: from 2014 to 2018, the Photovoltaic Development Centre gradually moved to China, where the Circular on Volatile Leverage for Healthy Development of the Photovoltaic Industry, the Solar Development 13th Plan and various subsidy measures contributed to the rapid development of the photovoltaic sector. By the end of 2018, China had achieved a total number of photovoltaics.
174.2gw, nearly nine times as high as 19.4gw in 2013. 4) Parity period: from 2019 to the present, countries have set carbon emission targets, and clean energy sources have been favoured. Technological advances have led to declining photovoltaic costs and industry entering parity.
Figure 6: Summary of the evolution of the photovoltaic industry: As the environmental climate issues brought about by global warming have become more visible, the “carbon neutral” has gained broad global attention and support, and many countries and regions have proposed their own carbon neutrals and targets.
Photovoltaics are one of the most cost-effective and wide-ranging types of energy products in renewable energy. The global installed capacity of renewable energy in 2021 was 302gw, of which the photovoltaic machine for the first time passed by half, accounting for 56% of the total. On the other hand, in terms of the size of the power generation, the current photovoltaic capacity is currently high.
The share of electricity generation in the electricity market is still small. Global photovoltaic power supply was only 3.7 per cent in 2021, and there was no room for substitution of non-renewable energy from photovoltaic power. Figure 7: Global installed capacity of new renewable energy sources in 2021 (gw)
Figure 8: Photovoltaic power as a share of total global electricity supply The cost of photovoltaic power levels has continued to decline rapidly over the past decade as technologies have evolved, processes have advanced and industrial chains have improved, dropping by almost 90 per cent over the decade from the highest-cost energy source to the highest-cost cost globally
The rapid decline in the cost of electricity generation has led to a gradual move away from dependence on policy subsidies in countries around the world, with domestic photovoltaic power entering full price parity from 2022. At the policy level, carbon neutrals and targets continue to drive clean energy transformations and propose their own decarbonization targets; at the market level, the current photovoltaic costs are already in place.
Competitive, and future industrial mitigation efficiency gains will continue. Policy and market factors determine the market space and potential demand size of the photovoltaic industry. Figure 9: Comparison of global power generation costs for different types of energy (usd/mwh)
As the cost of photovoltaic power continues to decline, and as countries around the world attach importance and impetus to energy conservation and carbon reduction, the number of photovoltaic machines has continued to grow. The number of new global installed machines has increased continuously, from 32gw in 2012 to about 230gw in 2022, with a 10-year capr of 21.8%, with a Chinese market of 34.5% in 10 years, significantly higher than the global rate of growth.
Silicon polycrystals: supply releases, prices will go down the path, silicon is the next element of the crust, second only to oxygen, and it is widely found in rocks, sand and soil, and in the crust.
In order to get a higher purity than a compound, it would be necessary to use high-purity quartz (sio2) as a raw material, which would be reduced by carbon to liquid silicon when it melts at high temperatures in the electric arc furnaces. After liquid silicon flows out of cooling, the metal silicon (also known as industrial silicon or coarse silicon) becomes solid and is a raw material for the manufacture of multi-crystal silicon (also known as silicon).
Silicon purity is about 96-99% and can be raised to 99.9-99% after grinding and acid washing. For better photovoltaic batteries, the purity of silicon material is required to be above 99.9999%, so that industrial silicon is required to be purified, i.e., the silicon preparation process.
In 2021, global multi-crystal silicon production increased by 23.2 per cent over the same period, with electronic-grade multi-crystal silicon yielding about 3.70 million tons, solar-grade massive silicon about 584,000 tons, and granular silicon about 21,000 tons.
The global multi-crystal silicon production capacity is 774,000 tons, an increase of 273% over the same period, and the additional production capacity is mainly located in China. The multi-crystal silicon preparation is in the chemical industry, with relatively complex production equipment and more stringent control requirements for the reaction environment, so that the multi-crysil silicon plant is built over a longer period of time and usually takes 1.5-2 years.
When demand changes rapidly in the industry, there is a significant time lag in adjusting silicon production capacity. Silicon production in 2018, 2019 can be significantly larger than the downstream link and is in excess; silicon production capacity was slightly scarce by the end of 2020; and silicon production capacity was significantly smaller than downstream production by the end of 2021, and the state of scarcity increased.
Silicon prices are at the bottom of the month at around $60 per kilogram, allowing many overseas silicon production to shut down and exit the market. Then, as countries around the world move into the photovoltaic phase and carbon neutralization and targeting, the photovoltaic industry.
Demand is clearly good, supply and demand of silicon material are reversed and prices are starting to rise up to a high of $307/kg. From a competitive pattern point of view, the silicon chain is more concentrated, with industry output cr5 running from 58% in 2019 to Figure 15: Silicon sector capacity concentration
Figure 16: Production concentration in the silicon industry. Among the top 10 enterprises ranked in 2021 in global multi-crystal silicon production, Chinese firms held seven seats, the top four being Tonway, Sang-hoon, Dae-chung, New Tseng, and overseas firms such as Waqk, Oci, Korea, and Hemlock, the United States.
The cost of domestic production of silicon is significant, and the core equipment used to produce silicon in Siemens is largely nationalized. As domestic silicon companies move into large-scale production, China’s share of the market in the silicon sector is expected to follow.
In 2023, new entrants into the silicon industry became more productive and the pattern of competition will be fragmented. So, in 2023, the price of silicon material will open down the road.
The photovoltaic battery industry has outlined a rapid increase in global battery production as the photovoltaic industry has developed rapidly, with global battery production reaching 25gw in 2010 and 224gw by 2021, with a compound growth rate of about 22 per cent over the period.
Nine of the top 10 companies in the world in 2021 were Chinese. Of the global battery production of 423.5gw at the end of 2021, 364gw was located in China and 32gw in South-East Asia was owned by Chinese enterprises.
In terms of competitive patterns, the concentration of global photovoltaic battery production increased markedly in 2020, with cr5/cr10 rising by 14.8/15.9 pct, while in 2021 the concentration of capacity was generally stable, with cr5/cr10 changing by 2021, the state of significant improvement.
The difference between concentration and trends in output concentration indicates that head enterprises start at significantly better rates than industry. Figure 18: Photovoltaic battery production concentration, Figure 19: Photovoltaic battery production concentration
At a minimum of about 0.8/w a year, by the end of November 2022, the price rose to a maximum of 1.36/w, and on the end of November 2022, the price of the single crystal perc battery was $1.10/w and there was still room for future decline.
Photovoltaic cells are powered by optical voltage, and when light is irradiated on the surface of the solar battery, the photon is absorbed so that the p-n knot (type p semiconductor and type n semiconductor interface area) produces electro-vessels on both sides of the battery.
The main factors that affect the PV efficiency of batteries are optical wear and electrical wear, which are reduced by various measures, namely, the evolution of the PV technology route, the transformation effect, and figure 21: The working principles of the PV cell.
Figure 22: Loss types and influence factors of crystal silicon batteries have been replaced by polysilica tablets since 2017, perc batteries have replaced aluminium backfield (bsf) batteries, and single crystal perc battery technology has gradually become the dominant market, resulting in an iterative of the most recent battery technology route.
As perc battery technology matures, the current efficiency of p-perc battery technology conversion is close to the theoretical limit, with less and less room for upgrading, and more and more businesses in the industry invest in new battery capacity. There is still much room for improvement in the efficiency of single-crystal battery technology conversions of n, represented by topcon, hetonic knots (hjt) and ibc.
As the perc battery volume conversion efficiency approaches the theoretical limit, battery manufacturers gradually accelerate the development and volume of N battery technology, which includes Topcon, hjt, and ibc. The current topcon technology route is widely accepted in the downstream market, with many head integration componentrs and battery vendor layouts of topcon production.
Production capacity, including crystallography, Crystal, Sky, Tung Wai, Lungi, etc. By the end of 2022, the industry-wide Topcon could produce about 85gw, and the industry-wide Topcon could be expected to produce 330gw by the end of 2023, with 200gw added throughout the year; the Xbc route, Lungi and Aishon, had produced a mass of production at the end of 2022.
A total of 25gw; a planning capacity of over 130gw for the future of heterogeneous knots.
By the end of 2021, the global component capacity stood at 465.2gw, an increase of 45.4 per cent in the same year and a global component production of 220.8gw in 2021, an increase of 34.9 per cent in the same year. Components can be divided into crystal silicon and thin membrane components. Production concentration of global photovoltile components in crystal silicon groups has been steadily increasing continuously and production concentration stopped in 2021.
As a result of the scarcity of silicon materials, head-assembly companies have a higher rate of start-up than industry averages, with greater size advantages and raw material availability. Global component production in 2021 was 47% cr and production in 56% cr. Until 2020, photovoltaic component costs continued to decline, driven by continued efficiency gains in photovoltaic power technologies.
In July 2020, there was an upward trend in the price of photovoltaic glass, followed by an upturn in the price of silicon, which led to a significant increase in the price of the components up to $2.05/w. In December 2022, the price of silicon material fell significantly, and the price of the clusters began to fall. As of 10 March, the price of the components was 1.78/w, the cost of the future components and the cost of the future components.
There is still room for further decline in prices. Figure 28: Price trends for photovoltaic components ($/w)  batteries + components are becoming more integrated
There are two types of competitors in the PV chain, integrated and specialized, each of which has advantages and disadvantages for different industries and stages. We believe that when there are high barriers in an industry chain, especially technical barriers, specialized manufacturers have the opportunity to rely on technical barriers to achieve better performance than integrated producers; conversely, for example,
There are no obvious barriers to the fruit chain, and an integrated business model has a stronger scale effect and stability. During the many years of technology decline in the photovoltaic industry, some firms can earn dividends on the basis of a phased technological lead, but in the long run it does not create an insurmountable moat, and the advantages of an integrated business model are relatively significant.
In addition, because of the length of the PV industry chain, a segment of firms introducing differentiated products with an integrated production capacity has become markedly more efficient. As a result, head-to-head photovoltaic component manufacturers have increased their vertically integrated layout over the past few years, while battery-to-head conglomerates have extended their shares to components since the second half of 2022.
Given the pattern of competition in the component markets, the market share of the five integrated component players listed above has increased continuously, as a result of which the proportion of self-supplied batteries in the global component products has increased, the demand for extra-cell batteries has been reduced, and the market space for specialized battery manufacturers has been squeezed. In this context, the battle of specialized battery producers has been fought.
Selectively, or rely on technological innovation to improve the competitiveness of products, such as topcon batteries with a stockholding, abc batteries with an Aio shares, which are one of the leading companies in their respective technology lines; or directly extend to downstream components, where they are part of the integrated component trades, such as leading shares in the battery film industry.
On the one hand, it is possible to further increase the self-supply of batteries across the industry and reduce the size of the market for external batteries; on the other hand, it is possible to have some impact on the market pattern of the components, the speed at which the component ' s delivery of cr5 rises may slow, and the list of top5 firms may change over the next 2-3 years.
By the end of 2022, the company had a multi-crystal silicon capacity of 230,000 tons, all of which had been fully loaded or even overstretched, with a utilization rate of 129.9 per cent in 2021 and 1.9/68.7 per 108,000 tons in 2018-2021, respectively, up from the same rate.
In 2021, over 100,000 tons of capacity were invested to fully benefit from the rising price of silicon.
The company’s production of silicon in 2020 was the world’s number one, with a share of 16.5% and a further increase of 0.5 to 17% in 2021. The company’s current production capacity of silicon is 230,000 tons, distributed across three major production bases: Sichuan Lai hill, 100,000 tons, and the interior of the city.
The company is currently building 120,000 tons of Ley Hill, and is expected to be operational and fully operational. The total number of projects to be built is 520,000 tons, which is expected to continue in 2024. The silicon product is less variable, and the overall price level of the company ' s products is closer to that of 2020 and 2021.
The company’s multi-crysilica product is still at a higher level of profitability than large-scale energy and new energy sources for head silicon enterprises. Substream enterprises generally and upstream silicon companies sign long sheets to ease silicon supply and demand and lock in the future.
Three to five years of silicon purchases to ensure stability in production operations. Companies have long sheets and good cooperative relationships with downstream companies like tcl, Lungi Green Energy, Crystal Energy, etc. Sub-prime companies are involved in silicon production projects.
The company’s subsidiary, Yongxiang, contributed $1.02 billion, 85% of the shares, Lungi Green, $180 million, 15% of the shares, and the joint venture created Sichuan Youngxiang New Energy Technology Ltd. The joint venture division has been investing in the construction of 76,000 tons of high-purity silicon projects in the first and second phases of Le Shan.
In addition, the company has entered into a joint venture agreement with Crystal Energy, Skylight Energy, and Kyoto Express for the expansion of production capacity.
Not only does it provide sufficient funds to secure the pace of expansion, it also takes full advantage of the company’s leadership in the silicon field, strengthening the integration of industrial resource sharing, and strengthening and upgrading the company’s position in the industry. The company is a leading company in the photovoltaics sector, with an expected 70gw output by the end of 2022, a 56% increase from the previous year.
Since 2017, the number of battery shipments from companies has been the highest in the world for five consecutive years. The share of battery shipments in the first half of 2022 has now exceeded 75 per cent. By the end of 2022, 8.5gw of the company ' s 70gw production capacity was on the n-topcon route, and it is expected that the increase in production will be fully converted to the n-cell technology in 2023 and beyond.
Tomway has been ranked first in the global PV market for many years, with the city accounting for 14.7% in 2021, an increase of 1.6 pct compared to the previous year. With the continued expansion of solar cell capacity and the operation of company components, company competitiveness in the PV sector is expected to increase further.
Figure 37: Global share of battery film market (by production) 2020 Figure 38: Global share of battery film market (by production) in 2021
The three-year Māori rate is consistently high. The world’s first and ever-increasing volume of goods has gained a certain measure of scale, guaranteeing that the production capacity of Tonway will remain at a consistently high level, with commercial coronation and crystalline energy sources in 2018-2021.
The main cost of PV batteries is direct materials, which account for 80-90%, followed by manufacturing costs and direct labour. In 2019-2021, the cost of single watts for company battery manufacturing was 0.08/0.06/0.05, a constant downward trend, and was lower than the cost of single watts of 0.00.009/0.009 per cent for Aio shares. According to the company ' s annual report, single crystal perc in 2021.
At the end of September 2022, the company had reached 70gw solar cell capacity, including the n-topcon production capacity of the third phase of 8.5gw at the end of September 2022, with more than 90% of the company’s large-scale (182 mm or 210 mm) battery capacity.
As industry leaders, companies have leading technological reserves and production conditions on all types of new battery technologies. The hjt company, building on the 400mw test line in 2019, added a 1gw test line in 2021 and has already formed a scale of Hjt battery film sales.
8.5gw produces capacity, which is expected to accelerate further in 2023. In addition, some of the company’s perc battery production lines have reserved room for upgrading to Topcon.
On 22 September 2022, the company announced its intention to sign an investment agreement with the Salt City Commission for the Efficient Photovoltaic Component Manufacturing Base Project to invest $4 billion in the 25gw Efficient Photovoltaic Component Production Base Project, the first official company to issue.
Notice of expansion component operations. The output capacity of the company ' s components is expected to reach 14gw by the end of 2022, reaching 80gw by the end of 2023. Figure 43: Annual output of the company ' s components (gw) yuan/w, which is significantly lower than 1.995 yuan/w of 100 million crystals, and 2.020 yuan/w yuan of Lungi Leaf.
After a large-scale entry into the component chain, for the first time in the bidding market for the domestic component, the company became involved in bidding for the domestic component and has so far accumulated at least 7.9gw of the winning capacity. In addition to the competitive bidding market for the active domestic component, the company is actively working on the distribution of channels in the overseas market.
On 25 March 2023, the company signed a three-year supply agreement for components of 1gw to optimize the layout of the European market with a prominent Austrian luminous firm, energy 3,000 solargmbh. On 1 March 2023, the company signed a supply agreement for 100mw components with a supplier, Minlea, from Tungwei and Otli. On 13 February 2023, the company and the pvo signed an agreement for the supply of components.
International signed the 2023 400mw component supply agreement. In addition to working with overseas enterprises, the company signed the 30mw component supply agreement with the Hangzhou Hae-Hing Power to open up the South African market.
Figure 45: The company contracted with the Minlea site, using its aquaculture experience and resources, and using the technology and cost advantages of the photovoltaic industry as a combination, innovatively developed and implemented the “fishing as one” industry model, i.e., aquaculture in ponds while on the surface of the water
By 30 June 2022, the company had been working in Hubei, Anhui, Jiangsu, Shandong, Tianjin, Jiang.
The 51 photovoltaic power stations built in the west, Guangdong, Hunan, Inner Mongolia and others have accumulated a network of more than 3.12gw.
In agriculture, the company's main business is the research, production and marketing of products such as aquatic feed, animal feed, and so on. It has a potential for more than 10 million tons of fodder, more than 80 feed-manufacturing molecules, and the production of fodder is sold throughout the country and to countries in South-East Asia such as Viet Nam, Bangladesh and other countries.
As the company’s core product, there are currently more than 200 varieties of aqueous feed suitable for fresh water and seawater, which are branded as the domestic aquatic feed industry. In 2021, the company’s feed business earned $24.59 billion, an increase of 17.5 per cent, and its feed sales of 55.16 million tons, an increase of 5.1 per cent.
The company ' s 2021 feed business Māori rate was 9.5% higher than the comparable company China Group and the new and promising feed business. The company ' s growth in photovoltaic operations in 2016 and 2021 led to an increase in company performance.
The Māori rate rose by 19.4 per cent in 2017 to 6 pct, net interest rate by 7.8 per cent in 2017, and thereafter profitability was relatively stable by 2.9 pct in the same year. The company Māori rate and net interest rate increased significantly in 2021, rising to 27.7 per cent and 13.8 per cent, respectively, as a result of the sharp rise in the price of silicon products, and was projected to increase further in the first three quarters of 2022.
Corporate combined Māori rates and net interest rates will decline in 2023 as silicon supplies are released and prices fall. Corporate turnover rates have been declining in recent years. In 2021, corporate receivables/stock turnover/upturns, corporate year-end receivables, inventory, fixed assets and accounts payable reflected higher yields at year-end
The company’s operating cash flow is abundant and is well funded. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company’s operations expanded and its profits increased.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
Photovoltaic silicon operations: Silicon supplies were released in 2023 and prices went down, and we expect silicon to contain 35/75/90,000 tons of production capacity at year-end, 33/55/83 million tons of combined-calibre silicon and 56/41/34 per cent of Māori, respectively.
Of these, the output of the n-type was 38/58/83gw, the p-type was 62/62/57gw, and the output of the PV cell as a whole was 70/89/103gw, of which 37/28/21gw was sold externally and self-supplied components were produced 33/62/81gw. Photovoltaic power station: we assume that the company’s power station operations remained stable and the company’s PV station was expected to operate for 23-25 years.
On the basis of the above-mentioned major operating income and Māori projections, we conduct a scenario analysis of the company ' s current costs, tax rates, dividends, and the profit projections, which were previously assumed to be neutral, the optimism scenario would increase the yield rate, based on the above-mentioned main assumptions, using the fcff valuation method to obtain a reasonable value range for the company.
An analysis of the sensitivity of the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive to the weighted average capital cost (wacc) and the constant growth rate, is presented below as an analysis of the sensitivity of the changes in the absolute valuation of the Division in relation to these two factors.
The company’s main business is multi-crystal silicon, photovoltaic battery and photovoltaic components, and we've selected integrated components for a proximate valuation of green energy, large-scale energy for silicon companies, and a battery-plate company, Amitium shares, as comparable companies.
A weight of 20/50/30 per cent, respectively, is calculated to calculate the weighted average of the comparable corporate valuation indicators. The leading firms in the field, and the future component business weights will be increased, so we give Tonway a share in the division as a light-volatile silicon and battery-plate lead business, where there are advantages in size and profitability.
With a view to sustainability, a future drive to the downstream of the integrated component layout is expected to bring stronger synergies between the plates, we have adopted absolute valuation and relative valuation methods that combine from multiple angles to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company's free cash flow calculations, weighted average capital cost (wacc) calculations, tv assumptions and comparability over the next few years.
The selection of the company's valuation parameters has been integrated into the judgement of many individuals, which has led to the wind of a deviation in the valuation; the high 10-year free cash flow calculation, which has led to the risk of an optimistic valuation;2 the weighted average capital cost (wacc) has had a very significant impact on the firm's absolute valuation, which we calculate at Wacc.
Assuming a risk-free interest rate of 3.2 per cent and a risk premium of 6.5 per cent, there may still be a risk of an overvaluation of the company's valuation due to a low estimate or margin for these parameters;
4. In conducting the relative valuation, we selected the weighted average dynamic pe of the comparable company in 2023 as a reference for the relative valuation, giving the company 11-12 times the 2023 pe. The relative valuation method may present a risk that the price of silicon products will fall faster than expected.
2. Risks of less than expected expansion of the company ' s production capacity, risk of less than expected expansion of component markets, risk of changes in silicon production technology
A large proportion of corporate products are exported, and tariff and trade policies in some countries have a greater impact on the sale and profitability of corporate products. There may be a risk that the deterioration in international trade will result in less than expected sales.
There are more new entrants into the silicon industry in 2023, and there is a risk of increased competition; companies enter components, and there is a risk of increased competition The authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author