A steady increase in performance and a sustained increase in net interest rate levels 19 March 2018: China Ocean Light and Light recently released its annual 2017 report, bringing the company ' s operating income to $6362 million in 2017, an increase of 8.66 per cent over the previous year; realization of net profit attributable to the parent company
China PV (00217.sz) recorded steady growth in 2017 and positive factors continued to accumulate, looking forward to the company ' s development in 2018. In 2017, China PV achieved an operating income of $6362 million, an increase of 8.66 per cent, compared with 825 million, a net profit of 12.48 per cent, compared to the parent company. The company ' s Māori sales rate was 35.04 per cent, maintaining a steady increase.
Trends; net sales interest rates of 13.62 per cent, which have been growing for five consecutive years. The increase in net profits during the reporting period was mainly due to the same increase in the Māori rate of the product as in the off-the-shelf income. It is a matter of concern that the revenue from the company ' s four main business plates, the cable components and integrated products, increased by 44.57 per cent, and the Māori rate increased significantly, reflecting the increase in the profitability of the company ' s products as they moved towards integration. In 2018, the military reform process was gradually concluding.
Further opening up of tenders; new round of weapons-renewal replacement speeds, which will effectively release the market demand accumulated in the previous period; continued growth of the country's new energy automobile industry: the pre-transition phase in the communications sector: urban orbital transport construction accompanied by a sustained acceleration of the urbanization process; the pace of national production of key components; the continuous increase in market concentration in the connector industry in technological progress; and the continued promotion of “slender body, pooling of resources and core industries” by the China-China light power industry
In our view, based on these positive factors, the company’s performance for the entire year 2018 is expected to continue to grow well. The Du Jingming Research Assistant implements equity incentives with clear performance targets.
\triangleright Incentives has a 2-year, 3-year break-down period and a 1/3-year break-off rate per year. The options include a net asset return of no less than 13% in the year preceding the unlockable day, a compound growth rate of no less than 15% in the previous three years, a business profit rate of no less than 12.20% in the previous year, and not less than the average for the industry.
This broad range of equity incentives provides a sufficient incentive for the company's core members to achieve interest binding, and also highlights the future development of the company's employees for China's PV.
Risk factors: Increased cost of raw materials or human resources may reduce the Māori rate of products; company expansion to high-end interconnections is not as high as expected. \triangleright Sinda Securities Inc.
Itd House No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing, which includes the publication of famous Euro-American periodicals, such as reviewboututuresmarkets, journalportfoliomanage, journalftrading.
This report is prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decisions in this category. Both parties have strictly agreed on rights and obligations. The present report is intended only for specific clients, not for the general public.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.