In 2017, the company achieved $6361 million in operating income, an increase of 8.6 per cent over the previous year, and $925 million in operating profits.
There has been a steady growth in performance. According to the announcement, the main reasons for the growth in corporate performance are the continued opening of new markets, new customers, vigorous product innovation and technological closure, steady growth in communications, new energy vehicles, and defence markets, new breakthroughs in strategic and emerging areas, and rapid growth in international markets.
In addition, the company has advanced in its efforts to optimize integration, and to further improve the quality and efficiency of its operations. The company is a connectionr and solution leader, a civil-military business and a high-growth business. The company is China’s largest military-industrial defense and technology solution for interconnectivity in high-end manufacturing areas.
We believe that the future growth in the company's aviation and engineering operations is mainly due to the following three factors:
\triangleright is large and the connectionr as the basic electronic element of signal transmission is rapidly increasing in demand;
The profitability will be increased, for example, by the company's installation of the C919 aircraft integration rack, the unit price, and the company's penetration in the fields of space, ships, electronics, ground equipment, etc., based on maintaining its absolute superiority in the field of aviation and military engineering.
At the same time, the areas of communications, relays and new energy vehicles, which are the main applications of the company ' s private goods connectors, are among the high-end civilian sectors, where the relatively large new energy automobile business will continue to grow faster as the industry grows as a whole, and where communications operations can benefit from the progressive development of the future 5g network and overseas operations.
In January 2017, the company awarded a total of 5.9572 million restricted shares to its top/middle managers, core technicians and affiliates, and the core cadres.
At 0.98887% of the total stock stock of the company. We believe that the implementation of equity incentives, on the one hand, binds core employee interests for the long-term development of the company, and, on the other hand, the incentive programme imposes requirements on the company ' s performance, 33.40%, and one of the conditions for unblocking the combined growth of operating income in the three fiscal years preceding the year is not low.
Annual business income growth is no less than 18.31%. We believe that company connectors and solutions are growing well, and that core employee interests are tied together, so that in the future the new energy automobile business, which can generate equity incentives, is not growing as expected; the new product is not industrialized as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board