1. The net profit rate is at an all-time high, with cable components and integrated product operations showing a record high:
The net profits of the company grew faster than the income of the company, reaching 13.62 per cent at an all-time high, and the Māori rate at an all-time high in nearly seven years, we believe that the main reason for this is the high Māori rate of cable components and the volume of integrated product operations. In sub-operations, the connectionr business generated revenue of 3,722 million yuan, an increase of 1.33 per cent, and the lightware and PV business generated revenues of 1,117 million.
RMB, 0.77% more than in the same year. The cable component and the integrated products business generated 1,396 million yuan, a significant increase of 44.57%, the cable component and the integrated products business increased by 3.85 percentage points to 38.29%, the highest Maori sub-plate, and the electrical connectors and lightware and photovoltaic equipment, a rise of 0.14 percentage points and 1.04 percentage points, respectively, in the fourth quarter of the year.
The company’s annual report also discloses a cash dividend of $1.20 (including taxes) to all shareholders for every 10 shares, based on the company’s total equity interest assigned at the time of implementation.
In our opinion, the year 2018 will be a double-crossing point in the military industry, i.e., the execution of compensatory orders and the expansion of orders in the three years after the 13th and 15th years. According to the grass-roots research, the military industry has been able to expand its supply of goods and services.
The military changes have had a different impact on the sub-industry, the main station is less affected by the re-engineering, and we see that the sub-industry of aviation, ships, weapons, etc., continued to grow in 2018, while the electronics industry has a larger number of compensatory orders. At the same time, we believe that companies have a stronger genes for innovation in military goods, with a higher share of new products with exclusive supply rights (single value added and a higher Maori rate) and a higher volume of downstream products in the future.
Interest rates are still expected to remain high. 3. New-energy vehicles are moving by car or growing considerably, and the transition to integrated equipment is continuing in the future: companies quickly expanded to more than 600 million in size since 2013, as they entered the new energy business earlier, and the current commercial vehicle vehicle value is about a multiplier.
The value of bicycles is two to three times higher, although in 2017 the number of commercial cars contracted considerably across the industry, and the number of cars in use grew faster. The company’s main advantage is that cable components and integrated products, other than connectors, account for more than 70% or more of the value of these operations. We judge that the company’s future strategy in relation to new energy vehicles is to continue the transition to integrated equipment suppliers, while using vehicles.
Infiltration to mainstream producers, responding positively to the downside of the new energy car subsidy policy in 2017, has led to major breakthroughs in the market for smart Internet cars and logistics vehicles, based on the consolidation and upgrading of existing market ownership rates. According to the revenue points, export operations achieved $490 million in 2017, a substantial increase of 59.78%, and the share of revenue increased by 247.
In the run-up to the transition from 4g to 5g, growth is expected to be smoother in 2018. On the 5g side, the company's communications connectors are used mainly for wireless, eastern sources of wealth and wisdom, distribution stations and data centre equipment, with customers primarily serving as the core suppliers of our communications base stations, such as Naking and Hua.
A supplier of high-speed interconnection solutions with 56 gbps high-speed connectors, and a national support fund of $46.2 million, is expected to achieve the capacity to produce 10 million high-speed 56gbps high-speed connectors with the project. We believe that the rapid development of communications technology, the replacement of communications equipment and the maintenance and maintenance of existing equipment will release some stock demand for the communications connector market, in addition to that.
The construction peak of 5g is expected to provide new growth space for the development of corporate communications. 15x. We believe that the company is now in market style, that performance and valuation match are high, that pegs are close to 1 and that growth in performance over the next three years is more characterised.
The air force's equipment is not as fast as expected; the public goods market is less than expected.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Zhang Cheuk Qi's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.