Chen Sheng Fan, Zhou Xiao Xiao, has earned 1.396 billion yuan, or 21.95 per cent, an increase of 44.57 per cent, and the Māori rate.
For four of the company’s products, there was a significant increase in revenue from cable components and integrated products, and a marked increase in the Māori rate, reflecting the trend towards the integration of the company’s products from instruments, as well as an increase in the value added of the product.
There has been a marked increase in the financial cost rate, mainly affected by exchange losses, with exchange gains of $26.31 million in 2016 partially offset by an overall financial cost of $23.17 million, with only an overall rate of cost, with companies operating well in 2017 and achieving steady growth in performance.
Incentives are banned for two years, unlocked for three years at a rate of one third per year, and one of the unlocking conditions is a compound increase in operating income in the three fiscal years preceding the day.
It binds core employee interests for the long-term development of the company, while, on the other hand, the incentive plan sets clear performance targets, and we believe that the company connectors and solutions are growing well, while at the same time it binds core employee interests, so that future equity incentives can be unlocked, and the company is expected to be able to do so in the future.
From 2018 to 2020, the company was able to maintain a faster growth in its performance. The company was a connectionr and solution leader, a high-growth civil-military business, and the largest military-industrial defense and high-end manufacturing technology solution in China.
Providers, whose products are mainly used in the fields of aviation, communications, new energy vehicles, and transhipment. In our view, the growth in the company's future aviation and engineering operations is mainly due to the following three factors:
\triangleright is large and the connectionr as the basic electronic element of signal transmission is rapidly increasing in demand;
The profit margin will be raised, such as the company's installation of an integrated aircraft set up for c919, the unit price, based on maintaining an absolute preponderant position in the field of aviation and military engineering, the company's performance in space, ships, medium light power will be evaluated quickly: 2017.
Increased penetration in areas such as electronics, ground equipment, smooth operations and steady growth in performance, as well as communications, transhipments, new energy vehicles, etc., which are the main applications of the company ' s private goods connector
In the high-end civil sector, the relatively large new energy automobile business will continue to grow faster as the industry grows as a whole, and the communications business will benefit from the progressive development of the future 5g network and the rapid growth of overseas operations, with a good growth of the overall private sector.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment proposals: The downstream model R & D process, accompanied by military connector products, has fallen short of expectations; new energy vehicles, communications, etc., are becoming increasingly competitive.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board