The performance of the mechanical industry in the three-quarterly reports shows a sustained global warming, with significant improvements in the areas of specialized equipment, engineering machinery, cold chain logistics, self-motivation and heavy machinery, and we recommend a sustained focus on the direction and performance of the above-mentioned plates.
Net profits increased by more than 50 per cent over the same period, three-quarterly reported profits continued to rise, resulting in a multiple decline in the overall valuation of the plate, a decline of 51.98 per cent, from 118.97 to 57.13 per cent of the statistical calibre reported in 2016, according to the Sino-Sincial Industry Classification, in the three-quarterly report for 2017, which, in our view, was accompanied by a global and sustained recovery in the mechanical industry as a whole, and a continued rapid decline in the annual report for 2017, with a reasonable valuation and investment values.
In addition, with the increase in the national production rate in the semiconductor sector, the semiconductor sector has built up new production capacity, increased capital spending, and investment opportunities in the semiconductor equipment sector have been highlighted.
In the current period, PV (002179.sz) is in the middle, market hot spots, industry depths, and pursuits.
In the first three quarters of 2017, China achieved $4.5 billion in operating income, compared to the best of the companies in the industry.
The net interest rate on sales is 14.76%, which has been growing for four consecutive years, and the main reason for the increase in net profits during the reporting period is a shift in output, which is followed up and justified if equity changes are proposed. The increase in the Māori stock ratio is the same as the increase in the off-the-shelf earnings.
For the next three months, I'm the leader of a stable and growing industry, the white horse of a pure industrial industry.
In the defense market, where companies are well-developed, the industry has become stronger, and new breakthroughs are being made in connecting technology in high-tech areas.
Quick upgrade the company's R & D production capacity and speed. A layout in advanced regions like Europe, the United States, and emerging economic zones has successfully entered the international telecommunications giant's supply of cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 West Side of Beijing.
In terms of R & D, the company ' s autonomous development of fluid connectors has reached an internationally advanced level of technology that fills the domestic technology gap; the high-speed back-link technology breakthroughs have resolved the problem of the integrity of the high-speed transmission data signals; the new power-driven solution for liquid cooling of vehicles has reached a technological breakthrough that has established the company ' s leading position in the field of high-power charging.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the PV eps to be $1.16 per unit, $1.49 per unit and $1.85 per unit in mid-2019; we maintain the `buy-in' rating of PV China.
In July 2016, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, where he conducted research in the mechanical industry. Sunda Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter “Sunda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has approved. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.