According to the annual performance report of the mechanical industry, there has been a sustained global warming in the mechanical industry, with significant improvements in the areas of specialized equipment, engineering machinery, 3c automation, semiconductor equipment and heavy machinery, and we recommend that we keep an eye on the direction and performance of the above plates.
The performance has continued to improve, according to the Sino-Chinese industry classification, from 118.97 of the 2016 annual report to the current sub-sets, the downwinding of the engineering and machinery industry has remained high, the global engineering and machinery industry has continued to improve, the national engineering process has resumed in March/April and the industry is expected to continue to perform well. We believe that the value of the trio, Willow (the head of the entire plant) and the persistent hydraulic pressure (the head of the parts with the core technology) is high.
In addition, with the increase in national production in the semiconductor sector, the semiconductor sector has built new production capacity, increased capital spending, and the semiconductor equipment industry investment engine, the Dokming Research Assistant has highlighted the fact that the units are growing more robustly and their performance is growing more certainly, and we suggest that attention be paid to the leading enterprises, such as Crystal Gear, the North China and the South.
It's a weekly industry product that gathers policy foresight, medium-air photovoltaics (002179.sz) market hot spots, industry depths, and pursuits.
[Excellently] Industry covers the best in the company, with steady growth in performance every 1 to 2017, and positive factors that continue to accumulate, looking forward to the company ' s development in 2018.
In the next three months, we'll be looking at the increase in the Māori rate of the product as compared to the increase in the off-the-shelf income. It's a matter of concern that in the company's four major business plates, the cable components and collections are the same.
They believe that these stock trends will be a significant victory over the market, with the growth in revenue from product-based operations reaching 44.57%, and a significant increase in the Māori rate, reflecting a rise in the profitability of the company’s products as they move towards integration. In 2018, the military reform process was gradually concluding, with the military-industrial market opening up more tenders; and a new round of weapons and equipment.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. renews the pace at which the accumulated market demand will be effectively released; the country ' s new energy automobile industry continues to flourish; and the area of communications enters the cindasecuritiesco.ltd
Prior to the 5g transition; urban orbital transport construction accompanied by continuous acceleration of the urbanization process; continued acceleration of the nationalization of key components; building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City Gate in Beijing City West Side; continuous increase in market concentration in the connector industry as a result of technological advances; and continued “skinning, pooling of resources and core industries” by medium-sized photovoltaic power.
Incentives include a two-year no-sale period, a three-year break-down period, and a one-third break-off rate per year.
The net asset returns of not less than 13% in the year prior to the release date, the combined growth rates of the first three years were no less than 15%, the profits of the previous year were no less than those of the core members, the benefits were tied, and the firm’s employees’ confidence in the future development of PV in China was also highlighted.
Studies on: smooth growth in performance and sustained increases in the level of net interest rates. 2018.03.19; Reservation of steady growth and good progress in product development, published in leading European-American journals such as Journaloportfoliomanement, Journaloftrade, Research Assistant. Master of International Trade, People ' s University of China, Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering and Machinery, University of Dalian Science. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2016 for research in the mechanical engineering industry.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.