Things are changing, and the lithium exploration process or the end - the Lithium industry (002460) reported three-quarterly reviews of the increase in lithium salt prices, the continued increase in lithium batteries, the positive rate of growth in the q3 battalion: the increase in the sales of lithium salt.
However, the average price of lithium carbonate q3 in the battery class dropped by 10%, affecting the growth of the harvest; lithium cell capacity released in sequence and sales continued to increase. Taken together, the growth in the q3 battalion reversed the previous pattern of relative depth 300 indexes.
The three-quarterly negative-year-on-year increase, with the Maori rate held hostage to the price run-1.3 pct; the Government’s subsidy and the fair-value increase in the shareholding of lithium salt contributed to a positive increase in net profit on the return of q1-3. Things are changing, and the lithium bottoming process or the end: Australia’s altura mine has recently broken down.
Production hosting process, which is difficult to keep the lithium industry mobile to maintain existing production, let alone add new capacity, both at the end of the resource and at the end of the process; based on our tracking of the global lithium company, the supply end, the lowest-cost salt lake in South America and the greenbuses in Australia combined
About 400,000 tonnes of capacity, slightly higher than the level of lithium salt demand in 2019, with a minimum cash cost of approximately RMB 35,000 per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram.
At a price level, enterprises not only cannot afford to add to their production costs or even update their operating lines, data cut-off date: October 29, 2020, prices have fallen undefeated; national production of 99.5% battery-grade lithium carbonate has recently recovered slightly, with electrolyte liquids.
The price of lithium hexafluoride has increased by 30% over the August low, and the recovery of the price is also a bottom signal. Assessments - industry bottom expansions, strengthening the vanguard status - lithium should go beyond the cycle, casting global competitiveness: corporate cash on the books exceeds $4.6 billion and operating cash flows 20
Since then, improvements have been made and valuable financial resources have been made available to reverse expansion. At the end of the resource, the low-cost salt lake project, which produces 40,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate, has been operational for 21 years: at the end of the process, 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production is under construction; and at the end of the battery, there is an orderly expansion of the battery, consumption and power of lithium.
Power increases, solid-state lithium batteries lead the industry in building test lines. There is reason to believe that companies will build global competitiveness after this cycle and fierce competition.
The global competitiveness of lithium salt is maintained by the car industry chain. New energy vehicle penetration is not as good as expected, and the lithium industry is not as fast as expected.