Performance improvement is evident, and the gradual release of capacity continues to be appreciated. The lithium industry (002460) announces performance: significant improvement. Battery operations pull + investment returns are recognized.
\triangleright performance growth is mainly due to: 1) sales of lithium salt products have increased on a par, although the price of lithium salt products has continued to decline on a year-to-year basis; 2) production of battery plates has been released in an orderly manner, and tws batteries have been phased in and sales have increased; 3) company holdings of pilbara have increased
Stock prices recovered, and the share price of pilbara q3 rose from A$0.25 to A$0.325, as a result of which the company's investments were estimated.
At the same time, on 19 August, it was announced that the company had signed a partnership agreement with the Jiangt electric power plant and its subsidiaries for the production of lithium salt products to be leased for the production line for the production of lithium salt for preparation in the early spring, which would run from 1 October 2020 to 31 March 2023.
Management fees of $192 million are paid to the Jiangt electric power plant. Through leasing cooperation, companies can rapidly expand lithium salt production capacity. Industry: lithium salt prices hit the bottom and the price of lithium salt rebounded. Lithium concentrate prices have now fallen below $500 per ton. Australia's mineral capacity has contracted overall; and lithium concentrate prices are right.
Lithium salt processing plants have generally lost between about US$-2000 and US$1,000 in average, and lithium salt plants have generally suffered losses. Although the industry is still in a state of supply and demand, as Europe’s new energy car market has grown rapidly and domestic new energy automobile sales have improved, lithium salt prices are expected to rebound from 2021 onwards, looking at upstream resource firms with high-quality resources.
After the company's pre-consumption of high-price inventory, there is still room for downsides at the cost side, continuing to look at the hydrogen produced by the acceleration of high nickelization. Performance will continue to grow at a high rate in 2021, and the 2021 valuation is expected to drop to 44 times, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
New projects are not moving as fast as expected and downstream demand downside risks.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.