Launching of a draft employee holding plan to further improve the long-term momentum
▪ Events: 2022/1/24 company issues the first draft of the plan for outstanding employee holdings, the amount of which will be purchased within six months of its adoption by the shareholders’ meeting, with a 36-month duration. The funds are not more than $35 million in legal remuneration for the company’s employees, while the controlling shareholder, Mr. Yao Liangsong, raises the funds.
The total size of this employee holding scheme does not exceed 70 million. The scheme includes directors, supervisors, senior managers, and other core personnel, with a total of no more than 230 persons, including no more than seven directors, supervisors and senior managers.
The employee holding scheme improves the corporate talent incentive system and promotes the company’s long-term health. Seven people, including company directors, supervisors and senior managers, account for 12.14% of the shareholding plan, other core employees account for 87.16% of the shareholding plan, and the company attracts outstanding staff and improves staff cohesion by sharing the results of its operations.
In 2021, income grew beautifully, with profits rising by 28-38% in raw materials. The workforce strengthened its management and professional workforce to make the company rich in the product matrix, and the cleaning business drove the company's growth. The company's 2021q1-3 cabinets/shelters/baskets
Strong companies grow. Companies build up their operations, and Europeans build up their homes in Starling House, where they grow at a very high rate. We see the pipeline as the main driving force for the company’s future development, leading to long-term growth in the company’s performance on a continuous basis.
Yearly performance forecast reviews: The leader Alpha continues to highlight the fact that income is growing faster than we expected.  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: The company issues drafts of employee holdings, highlighting the company's president on the one hand.
The confidence in the development of the 2022-01-21 phase, on the one hand, and the skill sets of the professional workforce, on the other, inspire team development. We maintain billions of dollars, corresponding to p32, 26, 22x. The company’s custom industry is strong, traditional distribution channels are strong.
Three-quarterly reviews: Supermarket Premiums for Income are clear, big channels are growing faster, stubble channels are ahead of their peers, maintain the period, channel shop speeds 2021-10-28.
Mid-year review: Re-upgrading, third-growth path becoming clearer. 2021-08-East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board