Euroland (603833): q4 is slightly overpaid.
Personalized design, R & D, production, sale and ~657 million dollars, corresponding to 15% ~ + 20%.
The company has an international home-based manufacturing base, and its strategy is to promote income growth and short-term pressure on profits from raw materials.
It's a little longer than expected. Against the background of the same increase in the retailing of furniture, the company continues to promote retailing and dressing, including house-wide customization, closets, baths, wooden doors, walls, etc.
Paper, kitchen appliances, bedding, etc., forming a diversified industry that maintains robust growth; in addition, wooden baths and other new products are growing at a high rate. In the future, we continue to appreciate that corporate innovation and product expansion are mutually reinforcing, leading to higher rates of growth than industry. q4 raw materials are priced.
The 52-week equity space (in dollars) has further increased, the multiplicity of businesses has declined over the past year due to increased competition, and corporate profit margins have been pressured at a high base, and given the company ' s greater cost-control capabilities, q4 is expected to be profitable.
In the face of higher prices for raw materials, the company, as a leader in the industry, is expected to use brand power to make easier price increases and cost controls and maintain a higher level of profit than the industry.
The advantages of retail outlets are clear, and the risks of sound business development can be controlled. Companies have a strong position in traditional retail operations, with a strong circulation b/h (many) share, the largest number of outlets, and a strong market presence, while companies are taking control of the industry.
As of November 5th, the company's consolidation bill was $2 billion, or +104% of the year, leading the industry. The industry of large sizes is still well advanced, with robust and high return capacity, and it is expected that the industry's real-estate credit risk will increase.
Companies will also strengthen the collection of accounts receivable, but the overall risk is manageable, given the fragmented client structure and better credit. We believe that companies are productive, cost-controlled, and marketing capable of maintaining a pre-eminence in the change of channels, leading to healthy, better-than-industry development.
In the case of cabinets, the company pushes the all-cooking custom model to keep the cabinets robustly growing, and the industry has a strong first position. The closets are developed through house-wide customization, and continue to grow, and under the integrated sales model of the cabinet + package + door wall system, wooden doors and others.
At the same time, the company continues to expand its metal windows and windows, as well as its main accessories, and has been able to reach out to 14805210001.
In a cooperative way, software and home branding products are incorporated into their own marketing systems, and the system is gradually being shaped. Companies, based on basic dishes such as cabinets, closets, etc., continue to promote other types of goods, expand their boundaries, and have wide scope for future development.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: we think that companies can maintain pre-emptive advantage in new channels, such as dressing, based on the advantages of traditional distribution channels; based on the niche cabinets, s148012100014
The innovation of channels and the expansion of goods are mutually reinforcing, driving companies to grow into “one-size-fits-all.” The company’s net return profits are expected to be 27.57 in 2021-2023.
Europa residence (603833): 04 is a little over-expected, and everyone's strategic, and the source of financial prosperity in the East is Liu Tanda.
Changja Jay, research assistant profile, Shen Chong Lwin.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that q4 income is slightly higher than expected, that everyone is strategic and that there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.