(a) Households in Europe: higher income and increased competitiveness throughout the year
Price increases with raw materials, seasonal fluctuations in company subsidies to distributors, impairments in bulk operating receivables
The house-wide suite continues to be powerful, with the depth of Mouss being tied to a full-house suite with a 12-month maximum/minimum value and a high degree of recognition; 2 customised core + accessories + door wall system
The integrated marketing model has opened up a new path for industry sales, with a projected increase of more than 10 per cent in the value of passenger manifests throughout the year; on the 3rd channel: the accelerated expansion of bagging and dressing, the company has continued to evaluate over the past few years: the revenue end is over-expected and the closet business has accelerated.
The results of the occupation of the front channels have gradually begun to show.
At a time of overall pressure, the competitive advantage of the company's cabinets is evident. 1 Continue the cabinet + strategy, cooking power, etc.
It is expected that throughout the 21-year period, retail distributors will be able to increase their sales to more than 15 per cent as a result of the Euro21h1 fast-loading project;3 and further advance the "cook-made" model.
The q2 acceleration is expected to reflect a steady increase in retail sales performance by digging up the kitchen and pulling up the cabinet. Europa cabinets have continued to grow in competitiveness over the past year, stretching far beyond at least two competitors.
In the fashion sector, Europe and Starling House go hand-in-hand, with a doubling of their expected income throughout the year, and the main feeder business also breaks through, contributing to the increase. In the domestic apparel business, the company has a high speed under the pull of the closet and the dressing business.
Growth, at least double-digit growth, is expected to occur throughout the year. The branding home and the Europeans are two-wing-driven, and their unique platform model is expected to lead to a more than 50 per cent complex growth in the Europeans in the next two years.
In view of the fact that companies can become 4 trillion-strong households, Europe is home: with a year-round rise in income, competitiveness is becoming more pronounced and the future of the industry is at its forefront, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Europa Homes: Growing income and competitiveness throughout the year
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.