The company launched the first phase of its outstanding employee-stocking programme, with a total of not more than $70 million.
The project was launched by 230 employees, who tied company and core employee interests. The company continued to expand its production and launched its employee holding scheme, based on long-term development. The total amount of funds for this scheme did not exceed $70 million, of which the company’s employees were legally paid and held shareholders, and its chairman, Yao Liang Song, provided loans.
The scheme has about 230 holders, of whom no more than 7 senior directors and directors, has been renewed for 36 months, with locks regularly passing the last stock through to 12 months after the employee holding scheme. It provides incentives to strengthen the cohesion of core business personnel and looks forward to long-term development.
The launch of the Equity Incentives Plan in the month, which targets net profits for the period 2021-2023 as no less than the Employment Holdings Plan, half of which is financed by loans from the Chairman of the Board, is expected to enhance the cohesion and motivation of the company ' s core staff, and bind the company ' s interests to 230 core business cadres.
The company, by virtue of its position as a chef's handler, maintains high income and profit growth. In 2021, income is expected to rise by 198.99-213.73.
We believe that industry pressure is a good time for leading firms to accelerate their growth rates and to look firmly at corporate resilience. Companies are expected to take full advantage of their unique advantages in marketing, channels, supply chains, etc., and multi-product-channel expansion strategies are expected to work well with equity incentives and employee ownership schemes.
Implementation, which further boosts the city ' s presence and strengthens the industry ' s leadership.
Eurasia: All channels are working, multiple advantages are formed, competition in the industry is increasing, new products are not expanding as expected, and prices of raw materials are volatile.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations Light manufacturing: light domestic work