First non-financial coverage report for transport and shipping ports Northern coastal hub port, growth and dividends
Investment rating: Purchase (for the first time) North China's oil hub port to integrate dividends into growth. Qingdao is the largest port in the north of China, with an advantage over the location of the Ito-North Asian shipping centre, depending on the vast economic hinterland, with cargo and container throughput remaining the highest in the world.
IV.V. The company provides container, dry bulk, liquid bulk handling and support services, logistics, and port consolidation processes in the Shandong Province of Liu Xiaoning Province, which gradually release the integration effects of port development.
The company’s financial performance continues to be optimized, and the roe-run industry, with a significant red rate, growth and dividends.
Wang Xewu Container plate: The northern hub port is growing strongly. In 2024, the company achieved 3.217 million tons of container throughput (7.2 per cent over the same period) and 1,678 million yuan (39.89 per cent over the same period) for total profits.
As the northern container hub port, it covers a large interior with a high density of routes, growing kinetic energy. Rates: marketized pricing is expected to release space for rate growth; capacity: automated container terminal construction increases 30% operational efficiency. Currently, dock handling efficiency is 60.9 natural boxes/hours and continues to expand.
Zhang Fuk-chul Leng ceiling; in terms of throughput: the gap between Shandong's foreign trade imports and exports is widening, the structure of foreign trade, which is dominated by mechanical and electrical products, is highly compatible with container transport, and the base of the goods is stable. In addition, companies are expanding their routes, expanding their channels, building them, building them.
Dry ports, reinforced regional hub status through a network of heavily laid routes, liquid bulk plates: short-term pressure, long-term resilience. In 2024, the refining efficiency of the inland refineries continued to lose, international games were added to the price of crude oil, the processing load of the interior refineries continued to be low, and corporate fluid bulk swallowed.
At the same time, as a cluster advantage of the country's major petrochemical industries, the company has evolved into a model for the operation of the former post-port plant to reduce efficiency gains.
Qingdao Harbour, the first largest port in the north, and the second largest foreign trade port in China, has a steady global cargo and container throughput. Fourth, fifth, the two-wheel-drive business model of "container plus liquid dispersion" has worked well.
In the context of the continued release of the dividend, we expect the company ' s net return profit in 2025-2027 to be 5) port support services and other operations: we expect port support services to be in line with other industries in 2025-2027 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fourth, fifth, the two-wheel-drive business model of "container plus fluid" has worked well. Corporate growth is coupled with dividends.
1. Port of the North China Oil Pooling Hub 1. Qingdao Port currently operates and manages the Grand Port, the former Bay, the Yellow Island Oil Port, the Dong Jiaguchi Port and the five main ports of the Vi Harbour District.
The port of Qingdao benefits from port integration reforms in Shandong Province, with a steady increase in operating profits, roe maintaining a leading industry, sufficient cash flow, and a significant red rate.
1.1. Development journey: Key ports in North China to the Shanghai Port Group. Qingdao Port Port Port Port Port opened in 1892 and served as an important international trading hub in the Western Pacific Ocean, 1974 and 1987, respectively.
On 15 November 2014, and then on 6 June 2014 and 21 January 2019, Hong Kong and Shanghai Stock Exchange were listed on their main boards. The company currently operates the five main port areas of the Grand Port, the former Harbour, the Yellow Island Oil Port, the Dong Jiaguchi Port and the Wei Harbour District, which provide, inter alia, loading and unloading of containers, metal ore, coal, crude oil, etc.
Chart 2: Port consolidation in Shandong Province is continuing to re-establish inter-port business relations. On the basis of equity integration, Shandong Province is working to break down the old pattern of interests and re-establish business relations.
With Qingdao Harbour as a hub, Sunshine Harbour, Smoking Harbour as a base, Bay Harbour as an extended port, supported by a small group, and multi-inland ports as a base, the integrated development model is gradually being improved. With Qingdao Harbour as a hub, other ports as a port of supply, and the opening of feeder routes between ports, emphasizing the interconnectivity of port operations, the uniqueness of ports in the province, and the different directions of development.
It has been identified that the problem of disorderly competition and duplication of construction in ports has been fundamentally alleviated, raising traffic efficiency in Shandong ports by 20%. In addition, the Group has re-integrated more than 100 business modules, such as logistics and trade, that operate independently in ports to develop new and emerging operations, such as supply chain services.
Figure 4: Positioning of the ports in Shandong, a natural deep-water port in the north, with a prominent port hub, is a natural deep-water area in the north of the country at 36 degrees north latitude, deep-water and unfrozen.
Qingdao Harbour is located at the heart of the Northeast Asian port, occupying the heart of the Rim Sea port complex, the Yangtze delta harbour complex and the Japanese-Korean port complex. It is an important bridgehead for the “one-way” confluence, one of the closest ports to the international main route in the north of the country, with a prominent hub.
Over 200 container shipping routes have established a network of routes with more than 700 ports in more than 180 countries and regions around the world, with the highest shipping density in China’s northern ports.
1.3. The hinterland economy supports throughput and continues to optimize its financial performance. Port throughput is among the highest in the world and its economic advantages are evident. In 2024, Qingdao Port had an annual capacity of 694 million tons (a 4.5 per cent increase in the same year) and containers had a yearly capacity of 32.17 million TEU (a 7.2 per cent increase in the same year).
The economic development of the hinterland cities, the structure of industry, and the dynamism of foreign trade can affect port through demand for goods sources. In 2024, Shandong Province, the largest hinterland province, has a GDP of more than 9.8 trillion yuan and is third-largest in the country.
The industrial structure is 6.7:40:53.1. In terms of foreign trade activity, Shandong Province imports and exports of goods totalled 3.38 trillion yuan (a 3.5 per cent increase in the same year). ASEAN, the United States and the European Union are the top three trading markets in Shandong Province, with a combined “one-way” total of 209 trillion yuan, representing 61.9 per cent of the province's total imports and exports.
In 2024, the company achieved business income of 18,941 million yuan (a year-on-year increase in the average net asset return of the company, which was 12.65 per cent, remained largely stable for the last five years, and continued to be a leader in the a-share industry. Container plates contributed the largest volume of business, while liquid bulk plates continued to make the most profit.
In 2024, the share of operations, logistics and port value-added services was 52 per cent and 40 per cent, respectively, of the five major operating blocks of profit flow and port value-added services, port support services, etc. Containers as at 31 December 2024
Blocks accounted for the highest share of total operations, 32.0 per cent, liquid bulk handling and support services 28.4 per cent, logistics and port value-added services 22.7 per cent, with logistics and port support services contributing the most in 2024 in terms of revenue structure, accounting for $751 million, or 40 per cent of total revenue.
Cash flows are abundant, and the red rate is at the top of the industry. In the Three-Year Shares Red Return Plan 2025-2027, the company committed itself that, when profits were made in the year and the accumulated undistributed profits were positive, the annual cash share of the company would be no less than the one available for distribution in the year, but it would always be positive and would support the steady split.
Cost controls are tight and asset-liability ratios are low in the industry. Corporate costs are kept low. In 2024, financial costs fell by 44.67 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of lower interest rates on borrowing and reduced size of interest-bearing liabilities.
2.1. Container plates: The northern hub port, with strong growth, has increased its contribution to total profits and is expected to become a new engine of growth. In 2024, the amount of container throughput by companies now stands at 3,217 million teu (7.2 per cent more than the same year), contributing more than 30 per cent to total profits.
The current operating income was $1,678 million (a 39.89 per cent increase over the same period). The increase in the cost of labour, agency and transportation resulted in a decrease in the Māori rate by 61.46 per cent, from 3.07 pct to 77.07 per cent. The company ' s container block was operated mainly by joint ventures such as qqct, with 49.61 per cent of total profits coming from investment returns to joint and associated companies, with the return on investment being the same as the return on investment.
Growth of 22.91%. Since the company acquired Weihai Development Co. Ltd. in 2022, and showing an expansion in the size of profits, containerized operations Figure 25: Performance of container block segments versus company profits 2019-2024
▪ Profit of container block holding companies (millions of dollars) - container block segment performance increased by % on a year-on-year basis. A series of port price reform policies, including compressed charges, promoted marketing of port handling rates, etc.
After 21 years of raising some of the foreign trade container rates, the level of fees at Qingdao is still lower than in Europe and the US and surrounding countries and regions, and there is still room for improvement. Since the reform of port integration in Shandong Province, the problem of malignant competition between ports has been significantly reduced and the rates are better.
The docks, with the full application of the fully automated container terminal smart control system (a-tos), and the innovation of seven major technologies, ranging from software to hardware and devices to core systems, are national production. The automated docks are more traditional than the conventional ones, with operational efficiency and a new world record of efficiency in handling the automated container terminals, with clear capacity advantages, and are expected to drive corporate container throughput.
Figure 26: Automated container terminal at Qingdao Island, which is the third most secure port in the country, forms a solid hinterland support. Other major hinterlands, such as Jiangsu, Henan, Shaanxi, all have a large economy, and together form a multi-level, multi-layered cargo base.
In 2024, Shandong Province achieved a total of 3.38 trillion yuan (a 3.5 per cent increase over the same period) in foreign trade exports and imports. For the first time, the number of enterprises with export and import performance exceeded 70,000 (an 7.9 per cent increase over the same period), and the outward-looking economic characteristics are clear. In terms of trade products, more than 40 per cent of exports were made by mechanical and electrical goods (carried mainly by container ships).
Traditional industries in the provinces, complete industrial chains in the mechanical and electrical industries, industrial clusters, and significant scale effects continue to inject energy into the development of Shandong’s foreign trade. In the first two months of 2025, exports of electromechanical and electrical products increased by 9.5%, contributing more than 60% to overall export growth, and are well developed and are expected to become a central driver of container throughput.
In 2024, Shandong completed a combined transport investment of 325.2 billion yuan, a high-speed railway mileage of 3047 km, highways of 8,755 km, civil airports of 10, and a total of 22 general-purpose airports.
The combined transport investment ensured the completion of 250 billion yuan and the expected advancement of 141 priority projects will strengthen “hard connectivity” along yellow basin transport infrastructure, upgrade “soft connectivity” levels such as transport services, customs clearance facilities, further improve the “air and sea” intermodal transport network, support the development of an international shipping centre in Qingdao and provide more efficient logistics guarantees for port resource pooling.
In 2022-2024, the company added 66 new containers, with an average annual increase of 22. The company actively promoted the development of Euro-American routes, such as the mid- and long-range maritime and the Musky ships, to international transit routes to South-East Asia, the Middle East and Japan. As of 30 June 2024, the number of containers in transit was equal to that of the company.
As an international hub in North-East Asia, the company captured Shandong Free Trade Zone, Shanghai Model Zone and rcep, with exports and imports from Shandong to emerging markets (ASEAN, Latin America, Africa) growing by 5.9 per cent, 7.4 per cent and 6.3 per cent, respectively. Total imports and exports from “one-way” countries accounted for 61.9 per cent of total imports and exports from Shandong Province, all well above traditional markets (United States, Europe).
Export trends have increased by 1.2% and 3.5% of imports and exports. Export trends have led to the expectation that emerging markets will continue to offer much of their trade in the province of Shandong in 2025, and that there will still be significant room for growth in container throughput.
Ten new inland ports, with an increase of 15.3 per cent in the volume of sea and iron combined containers, doubled their volume compared to 2018 and remained the country’s highest in 10 consecutive years. Since the port integration, the regional hub of Qingdao Port has been highlighted and has evolved into a network of insiders centred on the Qingdao port, supported by sunphotos, smoke stations, milliums, Ningbo, Dalian, and the island of Qin.
The origin of the goods was collected at Qingdao Central Port, where a “end-to-end” logistics service system along the yellow basin market was established to facilitate the concentration of multiple sources of goods in Qingdao Port.3 The number of containers in the port has steadily increased. In 2024, Qingdao Port hosted 9009 ships, with a total tonnage of 4.71 tons.
Millions of tons, ranking 6th of the world’s top 30 ports, are ranked first among China’s northern ports; the number of ships of more than 3 kteu (17k+, 8-17k, 3-8kteu) is sixth in the world, according to split models. Since 2025, the number of Qingdao Port containers in port has remained stable, growing at about 2%, and their importance in the international shipping network has continued to grow steadily.
Port Qingdao container throughput (vanteu) Port Qingdao container throughput in Shandong Province Port Group ratio 2.2. Liquid bulk plate: short-term pressure, long-term resilience
Liquid bulk operations are under pressure and the market position is stable.1 In recent years, liquid bulk throughput and load pressure have slowed down and even negative growth. As of 2024, liquid bulk handling and support services have achieved an operating income of $3.670 billion (a reduction in the impact of the competition and a lower rate of operation of co-location processing plants, resulting in a reduction in the volume of related cargo operations).2 However, in the global oil tanker port pattern,
Figure 34: Negative growth in the performance of the company ' s liquid bulk block segment in 2024 for corporate profits Figure 33: Negative growth in the performance of the liquid bulk block segment in 2024
Profit of liquid bulk block holding companies (millions of dollars)  Performance of liquid bulk block segments (millions of dollars) Gain on investment of liquid bulk plate against joint venture/associated enterprises (billions of dollars)
▪ Liquid bulk block segment performance as a percentage of the company's total profit — liquid bulk block segment performance as a percentage of the year-on-year increase % Figure 35: Year-on-year drop in liquid bulk throughput
Tightening supply and demand on both sides of supply caused (1) the short-term pressure on Shandong refinery operations to remain low.
The bottom point since 2017. The decline in the operational load of the hinterland refineries and the reduced demand for crude oil procurement directly hampered crude oil2 imports further reducing profit margins. China’s crude oil imports were highly dependent on countries such as Russia and Iran (30% of total crude oil imports). Since the United States Department of the Treasury increased its sanctions against Russia on 10 January, Shandong Ports have been gathering since the United States Department of the Treasury stepped up sanctions on Russia.
The Mission's ban on the porting of more than 100 tanker vessels under United States sanctions has not only increased the price of international crude oil, but has also prompted local refineries in Shandong to find new procurement channels, temporarily increase the cost of raw materials, further reduce refinery profits, reduce the long-term resilience of good-quality assets together with the ecology of the hinterland industry.
This reorganization focuses on the consolidation of oil-related assets, the oil-based company, which is mainly engaged in liquid bulk port handling and tank storage, and operates a 300,000-ton-grade crude oil terminal in the mid-port area of Sunshine.
With synergies, it is expected that the company’s liquid bulk operations will be further expanded, using the tank passenger advantage to improve the pipeline. 2024, the company continues to release resources such as terminals, storage tanks, pipelines, etc., making full use of crude oil futures and cutting warehouses, adding 800,000 cubic metres of authorized storage and completing the release of about 400,000 tons of futures.
The company’s oil pipelines are well developed, with the East Yellow Line, the Yellow Plumbing Line, the Yellow Island - the China-Pulsified Great Pipeline, the Yellow Island-National Reserve Repository Pipeline, the Yellow Plumbing Pipeline and the Dong-Doi Port-Kun-Kun-Lu-Lu-Jing, and the Lubei Oil Pipeline connecting the crude oil industry chain “gold pipeline” from the Yellow Sea to the China Sea.
Beneath refining capacity contributes to demand space. Shandong is an important source of crude oil imports and processing in the country. In 2024, Shandong Province imported 91,182,000 tons of crude oil (28.3 per cent of the total value of Shandong imports during the same period), processed 12,567.2 million tons of crude oil, and the total volume of crude oil imports and processing was the highest in the country. Shandong is also an important refinery in the country.
The former post-port plant model supports long-term demand. In recent years, Shandong has been working to build a world-class high-end chemical industry base.
To date, there are 84 chemical parks in Shandong Province, the immediate interior industrial complex in Qingdao Province - the Tong family oral chemical industrial park and the Pingdu new river chemical industrial park - which form a “double nuclear” layout within the province, gradually forming an industrial ecology supported by Qingdao and developed in synergy with Qingdao.
By way of example, based on the world's deep-water port, it takes advantage of a combination of cans, marinas, long lines of pipelines to form a model of “pre-ports” whereby crude oil can be reduced by more than 30 per cent in logistics costs through direct pipelines. In 2023, the industrial value of the park was over $28 billion.
The report on the work of the Ministry indicates that the Tung Jiaguchi Project has accelerated and that if it succeeds, it is expected to expand further the size of Tung's oral production campus to provide stable demand support for liquid bulk throughput in Qingdao.
Dry groceries are growing slowly, and business volume drives profits. In 2024, company dry groceries amounted to 252 million, and cargo ships amounted to 3,044 ships with a total tonnage of 168 million tons, ranked tenth globally. The company bulk plates were operated mainly by controlling stock companies and subsidiaries, with performances derived mainly from side-sheet operations.
Driving. 2024 The company ' s dry bulk plate generated $4,482 million (a 4.06% increase over the same period), the gross profit of 9.73 wharf construction boosts productivity and joint marketing expands the hinterland market. The construction of the tons of ore docks in the Qingdao port area since 2022 has had a combined effect, significantly increasing the efficiency of the handling of the ore. In addition, the railways on the north bank of the former port area have been upgraded.
On the demand side, companies are working together with the railway sector to deepen their strategic collaboration with key clients to expand new markets in the interior and extend the logistics service chain.
In 2024, 21 new clients were developed, adding 3 million tons of cargo to the bulk market and expanding continuously. At the same time, the Department made significant efforts to leverage hardware advantages such as the marinas, large piles, and to develop value-added services such as mine mixing, sifting, and making customers more sticky. 5) Port support services and other operations: we expect port support services to be split with other businesses in 2025-2027.
Qingdao Harbour, the first largest port in the North, China’s second largest foreign trade port, has a steady fourth and fifth global cargo and container throughput, and a two-wheel-drive business model of “container + liquid” has proved to be effective. The integrated port integration dividend in Shandong Province continues to be released, with a “buy-in” rating given the company’s growing performance and its high dividends.
1) Risk of macroeconomic volatility: Increased downside domestic macroeconomic pressure, leading to a slowdown in the hinterland economy, which could directly weaken port throughput. 2) Port integration or less than expected: companies benefit from port integration, and if the port consolidation in Shandong Province does not advance as expected, companies will be able to do so.
3) The international macro-trade situation is less than anticipated: ports are an important channel for external trade, and changes in the international macro-trade situation will have a direct impact on corporate performance. 4) Cash dividends are not as good as expected: corporate profits decline, red-rate adjustments and capital spending plans may affect shareholder returns
Appendices: A summary of the financial projections indicates my personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have done so with diligence, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective production of this report, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.