Electronics, light device platform taps, light engine construction, second, are industry leaders in the light device platform taps.
M & A, market price on basic materials such as fine ceramics, engineering plastics, composite metals, optical glass (RMK): 136.60 yuan accumulated a number of global leading core process technologies that have evolved into 16 product lines
The supporting optical device as a whole solution and the advanced optical encapsulation of the two core business blocks provide global clients with multiple vertically integrated one-stop solutions. From the ai belt, the computing needs have erupted, with the company earning $1.939 billion in 23 years, resulting in a net profit for the mother.
730 million yuan, an increase of 62% and 81%, respectively. 24q1 continued the high growth trend, achieving a sustained increase in the demand for ai development-led numeracy, and a sustained increase in the landscape of the light communication industry.
The difference between supply and demand leads to a high-winding cycle in the light module. Changes in network architecture and hardware overlaps, a continuous increase in downstream cloud producers, and capital spending on cloud operations continue to push industry upscaling and upscaling. 1) Network architecture light module requirements for cloud data centres
(ii) In order to meet the numeracy of large models, landfalls, etc., downstream cloud manufacturers continue to increase their ai and cloud operations.
The forward-looking light engine is expected to be a new growth pole in corporate performance. With the data centres, the data centres are mutually supportive of each other.
The combined bandwidth continues to be upgraded, the light module power consumption, the port density of the switchboard, the light power exchange capacity, etc. highlights the fact that the light engine has become a solution of both integration and performance.
In 2020, the company raised an additional $786 million for the construction of high-speed light engines for 5 g and data centres. As the demand for artificial intelligence and numeracy increases, high-speed light modules such as 800g/1.6t are released.
There's hope for new opportunities. Profit forecasts, valuations, and ratings of hundreds of millions of dollars, which corresponds to eps of $3.62, $5.71 and $7.12.
The light engine business is expected to be a new growth pole for companies as the industry’s leading platform-type lightware supplier. We value it 45 times the market value of $6,6415 million in 2024, to the extent that the market competes more; the product overlaps more than expected; and downstream demand is less than expected.
I. Platform-type lightware suppliers, with steady growth in profitability, 1.1 Unsourced light device start-ups, forming the two core services of the overall solution of the optical device and the advanced optical envelope.
The company is a leading provider of the overall solution of optical devices and an advanced optical encapsulation service (oms), whose products are widely used in the fields of optical communications, laser radar, biooptics. Established in 2005, it has accumulated in such basic materials as precision ceramics, engineering plastics, composite metals, optical glass after many years of research and extension and acquisition.
Many of the world’s leading core process technologies provide global clients with multiple vertically integrated one-stop product solutions. The company has formed two core business blocks, one-stop solutions, supported by 16 product lines, and an advanced optical envelope.
Global dual headquarters, with Japan, Shenzhen, Suzhou as a research and development centre, the United States, Singapore, Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Wuhan as a sales point, Jiangxi and Thailand (under construction) as a production-based global net layout. Since 23 years, corporate beneficiaries have achieved high performance growth, with 24q1 continuing high growth.
Chart 1: Fibre communication development history. The company continues to expand horizontally in the field of optical devices. The company has built up wave-combined coupling techniques, fau fibre-optic array design and manufacturing techniques, to-can/box from a lightless device.
The company, after nearly two decades of internal and external growth, has achieved the complete coverage of the non-sourced light units required for the light module.
Sixteen unsourced device product lines, which form the eight-point lightware solution, provide clients with a vertically integrated one-stop product solution, which is widely applied to different applications such as telecommunications, data centres, enterprise networks, etc. At the same time, the common administration relies on the existing mature optical communications industry optical device development platform, which is expanded to include downstream laser radar, medical testing, etc.
As of 24 April 2024, the company’s top three shareholders were the company’s former shareholders.
(a) Access to additional services (4.41 per cent), where the sum of Xiaojun farmers, Euro-Yan couples and their children (collaborate actors) hold shares of Tianfurin and 100 per cent.
With the introduction of equity incentives to tie executives and employees, high-target growth confidence is evident. To improve the corporate long-term effectiveness of incentives, draw and retain professional technicians and core cadres, the company issued an announcement on 13 November 2023 to implement the 2023 equity incentive scheme with a view to fully mobilizing staff motivation and creativity and effectively promoting core team cohesion and corporate nuclears.
The incentive plan is to award 3 million shares in a limited number of incentives, with a price of $39.66 per share, for a total of 400 persons, representing about 1.2 companies operating well, with product expansion contributing to annual growth.
The emergence of models such aschatgpt, which led to the outbreak of demand for arithmetic, and the continued steady growth of demand for high-speed optical device products for the construction of global data centres, especially faster growth in demand for high-speed, sourced and non-sourced high-speed products for companies, led to a gradual improvement in corporate revenue collection structures, and new growth poles for light-source devices. The company generated $1.939 billion in 2023.
The annual collection of light-based devices increased by 156.24% and 242.52%, respectively, and contributed significantly to the growth of the company’s performance. Photo-based devices are devices capable of achieving the PV conversion function, which currently include products such as to encapsulation, OSa high-speed light sets, high-speed light engines, etc. The rapid growth of light-based devices is attributable to 1) accompanied by technological overlaps and products in the industry.
Upgraded, end demand gradually released, and client demand for corporate light-sourced devices increased. 2) High integration of light-sourced device products, and the amount of extra shopping required, made itself more expensive. The rise in volume has made the light-sourced device a company camp, mainly due to the application of new technology in the ai and artificial intelligence, the high-speed light module demand exhibition in overseas and domestic markets since 2023.
In order to meet strong market demand, the Thai base is expected to test production in May of this year, and will continue to build net corporate profits as capacity is released. Figure 10: Corporate profitability remains stable
The increase in the Māori rate is mainly due to 1) company orders are full, capacity utilization continues to improve and Māori improves. 2) Changes in product structure have benefited from the trend of ai, and the relative increase in demand for high Māori high-speed product markets has led to an increase in the Māori rate of companies in aggregate. During the same period, the Māori rate of companies was higher than the average of comparable companies in the industry, mainly in light communication.
The size of the company is in comparable companies, but the rate of increase is in the forefront of the industry. The trend of the beneficiary and the need for arithmetic has increased, the demand for high-speed optical device products from the global data centre construction has continued to grow, and the suppliers of the light module/light engine have increased the volume of the collection to the direct benefit of companies, middle-aged scavengers, new euphoria, etc., by the same rate as before the industry.
The company, as a provider of one-stop solutions for scarce platforms in the country, sold 81.64 per cent of the top five clients by 2023, with Fabrinet, the company’s top customer, accounting for 53.61 per cent of total annual sales, total sales amounting to $1.039 billion, and large customers in overseas markets contributing high sales. At the same time, the company’s 400g and 800g optical device products were realized.
Large-scale bulk delivery, with a rising share of source light devices. More services from sweeps. Development of source products. New technologies for high-speed products, and early deployment of 1.6t, silicon light roads.
With a reduced share of operating income, companies continue to improve their management efficiency, further enhance their profitability and Māori, and second, the one-way demand surge, the light engine becomes the new growth pole of performance, 2.1 light communications is gradually becoming the mainstream mode of transmission, and the company is located upstream of the industry chain.
In the context of the rapid growth of global information and data connectivity, the amount of data generated by the terminals has doubled every few years, the current basic electronic communication structure is becoming less and less able to meet the demand for data transmission, and photovoltaic information technology is rising. Photocommunication is a light signal for information carriers and a fibre-optic transmission.
Transport medium, light module is electro-optically converted, and the information is transmitted in the form of a light signal. The light communication system has the advantage of a wide bandwidth of the channel, a large transmission capacity, a long relay distance, and a good resistance to interference. The basic light communication system consists of three parts: a light transmitter, a communications channel, and a light receiver. The light transmitter converts the telecommunications.
To form a laser signal, then the laser beam from the laser modem forms a light signal and transmits the light signal through fibre-optics, and then the optical receiver converts the light signal received from the fibre-optic end of the output into the original telecommunications signal.
The company is located on the upper edge of the PV industry chain, with products covering optical components and optical devices. From an industrial chain perspective, the basic construction of photochips, chips, structures, accessories, etc. constitute the upper edge of the PV industry, where the industry travels as luminous assemblies and light modules, and the industry assembles downstream into system equipment, which is ultimately applied to the telecommunications market, such as fibre-optic access, 4g/5g mobile communication networks, cloud computing, etc.
The light module is a core piece of equipment that achieves light signals in light communications, telecoms to convert each other. The light module consists mainly of photochips, electro-chips, photo-components and other structural elements, of which the upstream lightware component is the major part of the cost of the light module.
The cost of light-launched tosa and light-received torosa is higher in the lightware component. Tosa's main body is the laser chip (vcsel, dfb, eml, etc.) and Rossa's main body is the detector chip (apd/pin, etc.). The core function of the light module is the conversion of light telecommunications, with the application site divided into two main areas: 4g/5g wireless network,
Fixed broadband fttx, transmission and digital network represent telecommunications areas: data centre areas that carry applications such as ar/vr, artificial intelligence, meta-cosm, etc. Light components can be divided into lightless components and light-source components in the light communication industry chain.
Energy, transport functions such as transmission, diversion, blocking, filtering of light signals, including, inter alia, light separators, optical circuits, light switches, light connectors, light backboards, etc.: light-source components convert light telecommunication signals to each other in the system, the functions of signal transmission, mainly light-launching components, light-received components, light modems, etc.
2.2ai ' s rapid development leads to growing demand, and the industry ' s climate continues to rise, and we believe that the core logic of the high-windowing cycle of the current PV module is the mismatch between supply and demand: 1) demand side, with the number of large model parameters multiplying at the current index level, allowing the demand for arithmetic to grow as well; 2) supply side, the provider of arithmetic chip.
One chip is growing in arithmetic from Moore's Law (18-24 months), while the light module is a vehicle for data transmission, and the light module output is increasing in tandem with the volume of the ai chip; thus, the one chip and the light module are increasing in volume to compensate for the demand and demand gap between the Moor's law card algorithm and the growth of the model computing demand index.
Demand side: In the era of the big i model, the need for arithmetic has risen significantly and the exponential growth has been maintained. From 2015 to 2016, the big i model emerged, and the big model trend began in alphago at the end of 2015 and continues to this day. During this period, these large models were trained by the big national and international technology giants, who had more capex and training resources to break the past.
In the case of gpt-3, for example, the total power consumption is approximately 3640 pf-days (i.e. 3640 days if 1 billion times a second is counted), and 7-8 data centres with an investment size of 3 billion and a capacity of 500 p are needed to support operations.
At a time when the model has grown in a variety of ways and with the growth of arithmetic demand index, we may have reached a high-growth cycle. According to idc, the total global investment in artificial intelligence (ai)it was $13,249 billion in 2022, with growth expected to reach $51,142 million in 2027 and 31.1 per cent in 22-27 cagr in 2027.
The size of the market is expected to be close to $150 billion, with cagr reaching 85.7 per cent in 22-27 years. In 2027, China's artificial intelligence was measured. In 2030, humans will enter the yb data age, with universal computing increasing by 10 times, artificial intelligence and numeracy by 500 times more than in 2020.
Supply side: light module and ichi chip performance are up in line with delivery, light moor law drives light module upgrade, 800 g light module is running. Market exchange 100g in 2016 began to be deployed, initial 400g tomahawk3 was sent in 2017, and 200g and 400g light modules began to be deployed in 2020. Botun was launched in August 2022.
Tomahawk5 is exchanged, overseas cloud producers are starting to deploy 800 g light modules in the same year, and it is expected that real gpu will be produced in 2024, and the company ' s ib switch quantum and the Ethernet switch spectrum-x portal will be increased to 800 g in sync. As the English calculus chip continues to overlap, the light module, the exchange chip, etc., will be matched by a web.
With the simultaneous upgrade of port speeds for the new generation of gpu, ib switch, and the Ethernet switch, the light module is expected to evolve to 1.6t in 2024, while the 800g light module will be released, 1.6t is expected to reach a small commercial batch.
Figure 27: Product route map of the data centre of British Weideldeniai-onearchitecture
One-Yarrhythm training and inference86&armhyperscale&enterpriseai accelerates the intelligent transformation of different industries, and the “emerging” of artificial intelligence is about to emerge. The development of one will reshape the subconductor infrastructure, the collection, cleansing, computing, training and transmission of big data will bring arithmetic and network.
As we enter the age of intelligence, we find that the greatest need is for arithmetic, and the most critical infrastructure is a data centre. According to the synergyresearchgroup, the world's megadata centre 2024.
Second, changes in network architecture and hardware overlaps, the continued increase in the capital investment of downstream cloud producers, and the continuation of a competition will increase industry's image and climate. The light module is interconnectivity and data in the data centre.
Core inner-heart-connected components, based on lightcounting data, are expected to reach $15 billion in 2024 in global market size for light modules.
The network architecture upgrades the light module requirements. The traditional network architecture for large data centres is usually three-storey, consisting of core layers, assembly layers, and access layers, designed primarily on the basis of North-South transmission models to meet external access to data centres. And the increase in east-west traffic is accompanied by the transition of traditional data to cloud-based data centres to ensure that communications are delayed.
The spinal network is becoming more flat and the access and convergence layers have been expanded, significantly increasing the efficiency of the network, especially the high-performance computing cluster or the Internet of high-frequency traffic communication equipment. As the spinal network structure becomes more widely available, the number of light modules that need to be configured for a single container will increase significantly.
The traditional three-storey architecture module is 8.8 times the size of the cabinet, and when the network structure of the data centre transitions to the foliage, the number of foliage modules will grow to 46 times the number of foliage. The British daai data centre uses fat-tree network structures close to the foliage pattern.
, the bandwidth is layered, and the network bandwidth at the roots of the tree is much smaller than the sum of all bandwidths at each leaf. Fat-tree is unbanded, with each node having the same bandwidth and lower bandwidth, and each node provides the ability to forward the line speed of access to the bandwidth. The switch in the fat-tree network is larger than the server and also increases the light.
In terms of technological trends in light modules, the industry is still dominated by plug-in modules, and the light module, which uses co-instance cpo techniques, is still in the early stages of industrialization. The high-speed photochips and the light module are core light units used for long-distance and associated light transmission and high-speed data centres and are expected to continue to grow as the market for light network equipment continues to grow.
There are three main technologies: a light modem based on silicon light, phosphide and lithium silicate platforms. Of these, a silicon modem is currently used primarily for short-range data centre transmissions or for a drying field, a phosphorus modem is used mainly for medium-range data centres, and a lithium silicate light modem is used mainly for long-range stem network communications and single-wave communication at 100 gbps or more.
In the 100/200gbps hypervelocity data centre. The lpo is based on the traditional plug-in module, using linear direct-drive technology to replace the traditional dsp, reducing costs and power at the same time at the expense of performance and transmission distance. As light evolves from 400g to 800g, the future 1.6t and 3.2t, the end-user wants the product to overlap.
Improved interconnectivity, higher integration and lower power consumption have resulted in different technological paths being derived from the light module.
The traditional high-speed light module is based mainly on eml (single), vcsel (multi-mode) photochips, phosphorus on the base of the eml chip, and arsenic on the base of the vcsel chip.
New products such as 1.6t silicon/lpo light module, 800g (single wave 200geml/vcsel), 200geml, 200g vcsel, 1.6tdsp were shown. The company highlighted the application of 800g/1.6t light module packages for artificial intelligence and data centres, including muxtosa, demuxposa, lensedfau and mt-fa.
Quick-ray engine product series. Because of the physical nature of the phosphorus liner itself, a single wave of 200g lasers has reached a near maximum speed rate and it is difficult to continue to increase the rate of single-channels in the future. We therefore believe that the traditional phosphorus solution in the light module at 3.2t and above would be difficult to continue, and if 200geml were to be used, there would be a significant increase in light molds.
Figure 34: 1.6t light module map using Boto 200geml Figure 35: 1.6t light module map using Boto 100gvcsel
The dsp chip in the light module can compensate for the transmission signal by complex algorithms, which can significantly reduce the error rate, but the disadvantage is that the price is higher and the power is more expensive. The lpo option uses linear direct-drive technology to replace the traditional dsp, which reduces the power consumption while reducing costs, but sacrifices on performance and transmission distance.
After that, the light module would have to rely on a switch chip with a greater compensating capability, such as Botuntomahawk5 to compensate for and process signals and reduce the error rate. Also, the Ipo programme cannot support long-distance transmission, which is expected to be used mainly in a scenario with a large transmission distance, such as the heart of the data.
3) Silicon Light Program light module, which uses the cos process for light device development and integration in a context where the single-channel rate of the phosphorus program is difficult to continue to increase, is the trend. Silicon Light Program, laser chips serve only as external light sources, and silicon-based chip absorption rates.
With highly integrated process advantages, silicon-based materials can integrate modems and unsourced light circuits to achieve integration of modems and optical transfer functions. The high-power laser chip used in the silicon light case requires performance indicators with high power, high coupling efficiency, and wide work temperature.
The laser chip is more demanding. The cost of silicon is lower than that of phosphorus, and with the cnos process, it is possible to expect that even if the speed of the single-channel laser chip cannot continue to increase, relying on silicon light technology for its high degree of integration, the light module, while maintaining its original size, could further increase the transmission rate and silicon light permeation by increasing the number of channels.
The rate is expected to increase continuously in the 800g and higher-speed light modules. According to the lightcounting data, the market share of the silicon light module is expected to increase from 24% in 2022 to 44% in 2028. 4) The membrane thiolithate module
Lithium silicate modems of body material are key devices in large-capacity fibre-optic transmission networks and high-speed photovoltaic information processing systems with the advantages of bandwidth, stability, high albedo, low transmission losses, and process maturity, which have played a key role in the development of light communications for decades. But, in a situation where transmission speed is increasing, the lithium silicate modemers of body material are also performing a number of functions.
These problems will be solved by the new generation of photo-silicone-module chip technologies. Lithium silicate materials, known as optical silicon, are developed through the latest micronascopic process. Lithium diaphragm phosphate-modifiers have the advantages of high performance, low cost, small size, batch-quantifiable production and compatibility with the cinos process and are high in the future.
Rapid light interconnection highly competitive solutions. 5) cpo programme light module cpo is one of the technological trends that may evolve in the future with continuous upgrade of network bandwidth, but currently market cpo
The product as a whole is still in its early stages. cpo encapsulates the electrochip (exchange chip asic) and the light engine (light module). The primary function of the light engine or light module is to convert the light signal entered into a digital signal, while the digital signal entered by the switch asic chip is converted into a light signal for output.
2.5 dcpo directly installs the light engine on the same base plate, further shortens the line distance and increases the i/o density; 3d wrapping directly connects the optical ic to the intermedial layer, connecting the i/o distance less than 50 mpitch. Photoelectric co-envelry reduces the chip and light.
The distance between engines allows telecommunications to transmit faster between chips and light modules, improves efficiency, reduces inches, and reduces power consumption. Optical devices have higher transmission rates, lower energy consumption, and higher reliability than conventional electronic devices. Therefore, cpo technology can be applied to artificial intelligence to increase the speed and energy efficiency ratio of the computing platform.
This meets the need for large model training, large-scale data processing and deep learning algorithms. At the same time, caps for cpo are more complex than heatable features of the light module, and the cpo integrates a large number of devices with greater difficulty of replacement and higher maintenance costs in the event of damage to internal devices.
According to the lightcounting data, the plug-in module will continue to dominate the entire market for light modules over the next five years (or even longer). The market share of light modules using cpo technology will continue to rise, reaching 30% of the 800g and 1.6t light modules by 2027.
Figure 37: 27 years cpo share of 800g/1.6 t light module 30%
In the first half of 2023, in the context of external shocks such as high inflation and slowing end demand, the overall capital spending of Internet producers, both domestic and foreign, fell. But with the fast-paced development of the one, the cloud business that continues to be created by large models and landings, and the resulting need for big data storage, training, etc.
Both domestic and foreign producers have increased their investment in data centres, servers, and basic network facilities. Google, the four largest overseas cloud producers, with an increase of 91%, 5%, 66%, and -6% respectively.
Microsoft looks forward to a quarterly round-up of capital spending, which will be greater than Fy24 at the same time. Meta guides capital spending to $30-37 billion from 23q4 to finance capital spending, thereby supporting the rapid expansion of cloud and ai operations.
Servers are starting to warm, and the demand for the one server is concentrated in overseas cloud producers. Cloud infrastructure consists mainly of switches, servers, optical modules, fibre-optic cables, and other equipment. The optical module, as a core component of fibre-optic communications, is expected to continue to benefit from the growth of the server market. Intel and amd are launching a new generation of server platforms, with large companies adding them.
Larger inputs on peripheral servers, metacosystems, supercomputers, and cloud servers will be a key factor in the rapid growth of the service provider market. According to idc, global server output is expected to reach 12.87 million in 2024, an 8% increase, and cagr in 2019-2028, a 4.00% increase.
In 2024, four major cloud producers, Microsoft, Google, Amazon and Meta, accounted for 20.2%, 16.6%, 16%, and 10.8% of the global demand for the ai server, a total of over 60%. Overseas cloud producers are expected to build up their capital costs, and are expected to pull up the demand for the ai server, further increasing the demand for upstream light modules and light engines.
2.3 Pre-vision light engine manufacturing, high integration, high performance solutions have continued to surge in demand in recent years for domestic and foreign data centres, telecommunications infrastructure in the telecommunications market, i and 5 g, with the company building on a variety of high-speed optical device production capabilities and its previous advances in precision ceramics, engineering plastics, composite metals, optical glass
By 2020, the company had earmarked an additional $786 million for the construction of a high-speed light engine for 5 g and data centres. The high-speed light engine was the core component of the high-speed light module, which was assembled on the basis of high-speed firing chips and receiving chip encapsulations.
Micro-optic components, precision mechanical components, separators, optical conductors, etc., which allow for the transmission and reception of light signals along one or more ways. The light engine is one of the forms of the lightware products, which is a high-integration light device, and is also a core component of the upper part of the light module. When the light engine is manufactured, it is placed in a downstream manufacturer and co-loaded with pcba, light module casings, etc.
This project is directed to the laser chip integrated high-speed light engine, the silicon chip integrated high-speed light engine, the arcium integrated high-speed light engine with zero components. 1) the laser chip integrated high-speed light engine: mainly designed in 100 g, 200g, 400g, and 800g split.
In the velocity module, evaporation problems caused by the increased power consumption of high-speed laser chips are addressed through mini-envelopement of multiple-channel or multi-wave parallel laser chips, along with requirements for resistance to electromagnetic interference, high integration, etc. Laser chips are integrated into high-speed light induction.
Figure 43: Laser chip integration into high-speed light modules
2) Silicon chip integration into high-speed light engines: in high-speed light modules designed primarily on the basis of silicon light integration techniques, i.e. 400g, 800g, mini-envelope laser chips, combined with silicon chip integration and low-damage coupling. Silicon chip integration high-speed engines are used mainly in data centres, 5g, etc., mainly in combination with silicon-light chips
Integrating encapsulation. Chart 45: Double-channel silicon integrated high-speed light module Figure 46: Silicon integrated light chip integrated high-speed light engine
Within long-range high-speed light modules), Fa series products (mainly applied to plane light wave guidance, array wave guidance rasters, active/unsourced array fibre-optic devices, micromechanical power systems, multichannel optical modules, etc.), pm series products (application to sensors such as fibre-optic gyroscopes, fibre-optic hearers, dwdm, edfa, etc.), awg series products (mainly applied to fibre-optic communication systems such as fibre-optic gyroscopes, dwdm, edfa, etc.)
cwdm systems, dwdm systems, etc.).
The opening, the growth of arithmetic demand, and the construction of a global data centre, with steady growth in client demand for high-speed optical device products from companies. Meanwhile, overseas cloud producers continue to build capital spending, focusing on the ai and related int infrastructure.
With the production of high-speed light engines and the gradual release of demand from their clients, the light engine industry is expected to be the second curve in corporate performance growth. Later, with the ability of light engines to climb up the slopes and good rates, the plate Maori ratio will be higher.
The average value of the company is about 1.53%, and the cost of the company’s sales is at the industry level. As the size of the company’s revenue increases from year to year, my business and the advanced optical envelope business have led us to choose the same medium-to-medium glimmers, new bulges, too-to-light, and photobank technology as comparable companies. We look forward to the company’s continuing progress as the industry’s leading supplier of platform-to-light devices.
It expands horizontally, relying on the company's technology to sink in the non-sourced and active packaging, vertical integration of multi-product lines, forward-looking light engine solutions. As downstream demand is released, the light engine business is expected to become a new growth in company operations, and the sweeper is expected to get more services.
Figure 50: The risk of increased competition in the market in comparison with corporate valuations (the municipal rate approach). The relatively intense light communication track competition, with the possibility of new entrants, has an adverse impact on the company’s future operating income if new manufacturers enter the company’s market share.
Downstream demand is less likely than expected. Companies go downstream, mainly in areas such as digital markets, telecommunications markets, and if industries develop if firms fail to maintain sufficient R & D inputs or continue to roll out innovative products.
There is a risk that demand will fall short of expectations and that clients will not expand as expected.