A study by Heung Swe Medicine (600276) 23rd of 2020.
The depth of Heung Swe Pharmaceuticals, the normalization of volume procurement and health insurance negotiations, the structural adjustment of products without fear of price reduction, the continuous capacity for innovation plus stairway products to help companies out of the “normal” oscillation.
The income impact is expected to be below 3 per cent, taking into account reduced intermediate costs and manageable net profit impact, and is expected to be met through structural replacement of other varieties of energy. (2) The consistency evaluation product has a high level of injections, which is currently slow, has not yet been collected, and is expected to enjoy an equivalent period of preference, high quality and competitive patterns.
Excellent. Health insurance negotiations: (1) Apadaloni, Pemen winterase injections have been successfully renewed, 19k and Valladone were newly integrated into health care in 2019, and are expected to take advantage of health insurance. (2) pd-1 health care impact measurements: based on three scenarios, at an average annual cost of 100,000, 80,000 and 50,000, correspond to the peak of future sales.
The pd-1 penetration rate is 8%, the city's response rate continues to expand, and the pd-1 product is expected to flourish. Sustained innovation is the backbone of the company, and the cornerstone products contribute steadily to cash flow.
Innovative medicines: The layout is clear and diverse, and the heavy-pound species Kareliju have received new liver cancer adaptations, lung and dietary cancers have entered the neta market, where few of them can be used internally, and are expected to be released through health care and large-scale adaptive conditions. Caltini is newly included in health care and is yet to be released; Apatoni co-opts to open new spaces for neoplasms.
Products: based on initial advantage, the city is always at the forefront; anaesthetic plates: contribution of 24% of income, heptafluoroane, aromatic ammonium, Bootorino product robust, short-term pressure on right Metomi, newly approved
Reimagine is expected to inject new energy; the project block: contributes nearly 15 per cent of the income, and new products (polymeric acid, poppy iodide oil) and old products (iodine fol, iodine gram sarcool) are carried out in an orderly manner.
The company’s innovation medicine is gradually entering the harvest, and it is expected that Carrell, Apalyoni, Giuliani, etc. will use medical help.
The clinical and approval of new products fell short of expectations: the volume of procurement, the health-care negotiations were reduced by more than expected: the quantity of procurement, the number of varieties released were lower than expected; the cost of health-care control was higher than expected.
Internally, the path to health care reform is imperative, and through “health care hands” regulation, i.e., drug use can be reduced by carrying purchases, innovative drugs can be negotiated through health care, and access to medicines can be improved. The state is committed to reducing the price of medicines, not only because health care funds are under sustained pressure, but also because of the need to improve the availability of medicines for patients.
Externally, China’s accession to ich has accelerated the approval of innovative medicines, and health-care negotiations have led to increased drug sales, giving foreign companies the opportunity to develop this “rich land,” which has attracted the print.
Innovative medicines and competition for imitators are on the rise. Neither imitators, Innovative pharmaceutical companies, nor emerging biotech firms can avoid this "smuggling." After the first round of procurement in 2018, markets tended to avoid the presence of "smuggling."
Label's variety and enterprise are very uncertain. It's an industry shock that can't be avoided for an enterprise, or for a company like Hsing Swe. Heung Swe has already recognized this, and before the industry shook, he's already “revolutiond” himself, leaving the industry behind, and the current company is also in a state of shock and change.
A combination of fists is being built and structured to become a “big ship” that does not turn out to be a wave of any kind. The products face substantial price reductions that can be made up by a structured adjustment strategy based on a rich product line.
1.1 Merit purchases: the pattern of excellent injections is high, or benefits from in-hospital intake. The tape purchases are carried out on a regular basis, with the company winning four varieties in the last round of band purchases.
Not 70%, 81%, 74%, and 73% of them. The platinum platinum semen and the acetic abitrine avionic avionic acceleroids, respectively, are "unfortunate" and are still promising to maintain stability. The protein violet supremol is a transferary breast milk used to treat the failure of combined chemotherapy; the breast cancers or breast cancers that have been repeated within six months of assisted chemotherapy, which was studied by abraxane and was sold globally.
A billion dollars in large varieties. White purple has not been included in the national health-care catalogue and is included in the second batch purchase list at the end of 2019, which was unexpectedly marketed. Hen Siu, Ip, Shinji, Chiru, four companies have been evaluated for consistency. On the basis of sample data, sales of the Henish protein violet products are expected to be $1.5 billion in 2019.
In some cases, the share of companies within the company reached 6.4%. In the second round of state-owned purchases, Chiru set the standard, with Hing Swe, stone medicine, and New Base 3. Although the first year’s agreed procurement volume was only 13,690,000, or 6.8% of the country’s current total, the actual impact is expected to be equivalent to that of the country, based on the fact that the drug is mainly intra-hospital injection.
We measure on the following assumptions: 1) 70% of the country ' s market share is equal to three of the winning bid, the remaining 30% is equal to four, and the city of Hen Swe is expected to account for 2)) based on the number of sample hospitals, the national sales of white purple were about 2 million in 2019, taking into account the faster rate of protein growth, and
In terms of the company ' s product structure, core generic pharmaceutical products are dominated by injectables, including oncological Dositas, Osaliprom, Elitekon; ammonium Xia Tucto, right Metomi, anaesthesia.
Injecting products account for 70% of the company ' s 2019 sample hospital sales. According to the progress of the consistency evaluation, the company currently has 14 products (which are equally) evaluated, accounting for 13.50% of the company ' s 2019 sample hospital sales.
There are 21 declared varieties of ketamine injection fluids and ketamine injections, respectively. On the one hand, injections are currently progressing slowly, there is a lower likelihood of fast-track procurement in the near future, and structural adjustments are made to companies for longer buffer periods: on the other hand, the safety and quality of injection varieties are more demanding than oral preparations.
Hardly, the pattern of products that have been and are being evaluated in a consistent manner is good, mostly exclusive, or less than two. At present, through a consistent assessment, products that have not yet entered the procurement stage are expected to receive a price monopoly period, enjoy higher premium for rated quality, and be recruited in the provinces and municipalities.
Some of the competing varieties are expected to benefit from this policy, such as the inhaled HFCs, Dégio, etc. The National Drug Control Service published in October 2019 the Quality and Treatment Consistency Evaluation for Chemical Injecting Pharmacists (Application Draft), which officially launched the Injection Consistency Evaluation and subsequently released the Injection Reference Formulation, which is expected to be consistent.
Progress on sexual evaluation is expected to accelerate. However, we also see that the exposure draft puts higher demands on injecting drug raws, support materials, packages, irrigation, etc., as well as on modifications in specifications and adaptations, as compared to the 2017 edition, to improve the quality of injecting drug imitation and reduce the adverse effects of use.
As a result, the upgrading of quality requirements or the interception of injecting-agent enterprises has kept the injecting-agent market in a better competitive pattern, while these injecting-agent products are used mostly in the courtyard, which used to intercept supplies at the “hospital” threshold, or because of higher-priced interception requirements, and which are likely to result in over-exercise after entering the belt procurement.
1.2 Negotiations on health insurance: In the process of normalization, the creation of the most powerful provider of innovative medicines marked the birth of the most powerful payer. On 31 May 2018, the National Institute of Health Protection and Disability was officially established, which introduced the health insurance system, the integration of three insurances, and the reform of the pricing of medicines and medical services.
Together, the term “passive payment” has been changed to “active negotiation, active payment”. The creation of the National Health Insurance Institute, “Three Insurance Together”, means that the Health Insurance Agency has become a single payer with a stronger voice in the areas of purchase, negotiation, payment standards, etc., in order to achieve the full integration of the functions of managing health funds, purchasing medicines and adjusting medical prices.
Four rounds of negotiations took place, and negotiations on health insurance were regularized. The first national health-care negotiations took place in May 2016 (leaded by CVM), with the inclusion of three medications, including the chronic hepatitis B first-line treatment drug for Novovet (GranzoSk) and the non-subsidial health-care negotiations held in July 2016 (led by the Ministry of People ' s Welfare) and 36 of them, including Apadaloni and Composip.
In terms of treatment, there were 18 oncological drugs, 7 cardiovascular veins, and the rest for renal diseases, diabetes, etc., with an average reduction of about 44 per cent; in September 2018, the third National Health Insurance Negotiations (led by the Health Insurance Board) were held, and 17 anti-cancer negotiations were successful, covering non-small amounts.
Multiple clinically high-prevalence species, such as sympulmonary cancer and leukaemia, dropped by an average of about 57 per cent this time, with three types of national products: Anroetoni (medium-born), Peemenstone enzyme (Hungry) and Azza (Batsang). The fourth health-care negotiations (led by IMS) were held in November 2019 and 97 varieties were successfully negotiated, including 70 for the first time and 27 for the success of the negotiations.
After four rounds of health-care negotiations, more than 100 species have been included in the list of health-care negotiations, which we expect to be regularized, clinically urgently needed, and the more likely it is that higher-priced medicines will be included in health-care payments.
As a result, ...Innovative products break through supply “in-hospital” problems and demand “paying” problems through the most powerful channels of payment.
By tracking the sales data from the sample hospitals, we saw 28 of the 36 products that were successful in the health insurance negotiations in 2017, with an increase in sales in 2018 (for which drugs are not considered), 14 more items with an increase of more than 100% in the same amount, and a very large increase in the sale of Alisathan esters in Sulitai in 2018, with an increase in the same amount.
With more than 100% of the same-year increase achieved, active inclusion in health-care negotiations has become a successful extension of two products for rapid release of innovative medicines, with 19k and cytocyte added to the catalogue, which is expected to lead to release. The company has a variety for each of the second and third rounds of health-care negotiations, for the treatment of stomach cancer, and for acute lymphocyte whites.
Apadeni grew by 92% in 18 years, and the long-term trend continued until 2019, at a 36% rate; and after the 18th year of medical coverage, the 19th year of the 19th year of the 19th year of the 18th year of medical coverage.
Both products were successfully renewed in the fourth round of negotiations in 2019, with Apadeni again downing by about 15 per cent, Pemen winter enzyme with no price reduction, in addition to the 2 varieties renewed, the first protective material that companies had just approved in 2018 for clinical guidelines, the related neutral particle cell reduction drug, g-csf Pulfur Pulse-Din (19k) and the breast cancer drug, Modified Diony.
The catalogue is 16% and 58% lower, respectively, and is expected to be price-for-priced in the future in the context of health insurance, fast, market-focused pd-1 varieties, and is expected to open negotiations on health insurance in 2020. As a pd-1 species in over 10 billion market spaces, it has gained the preference of firms and investors in the market. To date, 8 pd-1 products have been made available.
The average annual cost of domestically produced products (including pharmaceutical gifts) is between $100,000 and $120,000, while the average annual cost of imported products (including pharmaceutical gifts) is 50 - (specific varieties are approved and specific adaptive disorders are referred to in section 2.2.1 of this document).
In November 2019, the national health-care negotiations were updated, with a 64% drop in Sinda biopd. The applicable adaptive condition is a typical Hodgkin lymphoma.
Swe has now been approved for adaptation to typical Hodge King lymphoma and second-line hepatocyte cancer, while egfr-/alk - late or before the next round of health-care negotiations begins in the second half of the year. After the typical Hodge Kim lymphoma has been approved and incorporated into health-care services.
We made a preliminary attempt to calculate the price and market expansion possibilities following the pd-1 negotiations and to measure the sale of the Carrills, and we gave the results of the pd1 negotiations the following three scenarios: scenario one: the average annual cost has fallen to $100,000 and, given the relatively small price reduction, the pd-1 penetration rate has been matched with constant.
(b) Scenario II: average annual cost has fallen to $80,000, with a corresponding penetration rate of 35 per cent for pd-1 and 40 per cent for Shing Swe, respectively, taking into account the neutral price reduction;
Scenario 3: The average annual cost has fallen to $50,000, with a corresponding penetration rate of 45 per cent for pd-1 and 45 per cent for Shing Swe: thus, based on the above scenarios and calculations, the sales peak of Hing Shreb-1 products in three scenarios was 10,523 million,
Based on current market approvals and sales promotions, we believe that the baseline for 2019 should be 8% pd-1 penetration, 15% in the city of HUNS, and 1.4 million patients.
The average annual cost is $118.8 million per annum, based on the price of the drug donated by Hen Swe, which corresponds to the year-end approval, which is currently in the market phase in 19 years, with the average annual cost not reaching one year for patients, and the average annual cost of the drug not yet in the health catalogue in 2020, at an average annual cost of $118.8 million, taking into account the fact that there are now more pd-1 products.
With a penetration rate of 8% at pd-1 and 15% at Hing Swe, there is much room for improvement in both pd-1 and Hing Swe. The pd-1 is a high-predictable species of 10 billion people. Health insurance is an important contribution to the availability of the Kareli pearl bill.
2. The continuing capacity for innovation is the foundation of a 2.1 pharmacological reform that ushers in a new era of innovation. The pharmacological reform provides a good policy environment for innovation. In 2015, the country launched the pharmacological reform, which is an innovative drug development in the country.
This year, the multi-ministerial policies provided a good policy space for the development of our innovative medicines. Prior to this month, our pharmaceuticals were well above the United States average of 10 months, domestic drugs were listed later than overseas drugs, and the domestic supply of innovative drugs was significantly inadequate.
Work began on the reform of the country's pharmaceutical regulations; priority was given to the inclusion in 2016 of varieties of obvious clinical value, with significant clinical advantages and urgent clinical needs and market shortages.
In addition, Nmpa (former cfda) became a member of the International Coordinating Committee for the Registration of Human Medicines (ICAT) in 2017 and Ich Management Committee in 2018, opening the way for China’s technical requirements for the registration of medicines to be brought into line with international standards, from a qualitative point of view.
As the reform of the drug review system continues to deepen, there has been a marked decline in the waiting period starting in 2015, with a total of 7336 requests for drug registration processed by the Drug Centre (cde) in 2018, the completion of which was 9796, and a decrease in the number of clearances pending review to 34,440, a 14 per cent decrease compared with the historical backlog.
The issue has improved significantly; the length of the review of therapeutic biological products has been gradually reduced from more than 1700 days to less than 300 days at the end of 2013: the priority review system has significantly reduced the review time for varieties, achieving time savings at all stages of declaration, self-checking, verification and batching, reducing the overall level from an average of 50 months to approximately 17 months, which is close to the point
34 months: the number of innovations on the market was also very high in 2018, reaching an all-time high of nine.
Figure 8: Number of approvals (in units: one) for the listing of nationally produced innovative medicines, 2013-2018: Priority reviews significantly reduce the duration of the reviews; By way of reform, many of the company’s products have been approved through priority reviews. Nationally produced innovations have been introduced into the period of gold development, and Hsing Swe has seized the opportunity. As of March 2020, the company had been included in the priority review list 36 times, and 21 different varieties were selected.
Enterprises with the largest number of selected species in the country, accelerated by a priority review, entered a fast harvest period for the company ' s pre-positioned products for 2016-2019, with more than 10 products (including new adaptive disorders) being marketed in just a few years and continuing to contribute to the company ' s performance, including large varieties of protein-based violet supremol, carricorn bill resistance, etc.
Figure 10: Corporate approval through a priority review 2.2 Innovative drug layout is clear and gradually entering the harvest period 2.2.1 Carricorns: “Big Diseases” and “Collusives” to boost star varieties
At the national level, pd-1 has evolved into a "4+4" competitive pattern. pd-1 is an important human immune check-up site, expressed mainly in live tlymphocytes, blymphocytes, and the surface of megapht cells. pd-1/pd-l1 is the most active in the field of oncological treatment.
Since 2018, O and k drugs have been marketed in the country, as well as Nsclcs in Aslikon and Rhodes at the end of 19 and early 20th, followed closely by domestic firms, entering a state of competition, with four enterprises, including those in the provinces of Heung Sil, Kunsiu, Sindha, and Batzi, forming the second-tier group of four imports.
There are now eight products of the pd-1 drug, the Carrelei portion of Hing Ri, which is currently on the market, and two adaptive diseases of Hodgkin lymphoma (chl) and second-line liver cancers (hcc), which have increased further with the increase in the size of the market in May 2019 and March 2020.
The pd-1/l1 market space is huge, and the company’s adaptive stock is abundant. The pd-1/pd-l1 drug can be effective for multiple cancers, and its corresponding market size will grow as the adaptive condition continues to grow. According to Frost Sullivan, the domestic market for pd-1 reached $1 billion in 2018, and the future domestic market for pd-1/pd-l1 will be maintained.
Rapidly growing, the scale will be 10 billion by 2020. Henry’s clinical programmes are more diverse, involving first- and second-line treatments, and include single medications, combinations with chemotherapy and association with Apagoni, to enhance the success of clinical trials while responding to more diversified market demand. Henschwe’s two adaptive conditions in Chl and Hcc are currently approved and are in the process of listing.
There are two major diseases: the late or transient Nsclc, the late or transient Nsclc, the single drug 2 for late or transient dietary cancer, which is expected to continue to reap new adaptive conditions in the future, and the expansion of one based on the symptoms of the disease now laid in Hsang Ri, which is the basis for our initial calculation of the scale of the Kareliadul market:
The size of the pd-1 population is applied: based on epidemiological data and guidelines for disaggregated data, the main cancer species that have been approved and have progressed to clinical stage II have been measured. The total number of new cases corresponding to the type of cancer is expected to be 2.61.3 million, and the number of new cases applicable to treatment at pd-1 is 1,247,300.
In different cases, it corresponds to the scale of the patient: given the effects of increased competition for subsequent pd-1 products, reduced prices for health insurance, higher market education, etc., we have chosen to match the market matrix that HUNI products may face, choosing five different pd-1 penetration rates and five different HUNI products for the overall market share in the core adaptive disorder.
In different circumstances, the scale of Heung Swe's income: based on the current market approval and marketing, we believe that the baseline for 2019 should be 8% pd-1 penetration rate, 15% in the city of Heung Swe, corresponding to 1.4 million patients. Given the patient's actual time of use, the availability of medicines, etc., we continue to do so.
The price of $118.8 million per person per year for the drug is the theoretical value of $1,778 million corresponding to the sales of Carrell Pearl in 2019 (the city price caliber). Given that Carrell was approved at the end of the 18th year, it is currently in the market phase in 19 years, when the average patient used the drug.
Not yet a year old, with an average annual cost of $118.8 million, which corresponds to HUNS 2019. Vision 2020: not yet in the health insurance catalogue for 2020, with an average annual cost of $118.8 million, taking into account the impact of price reductions in health insurance negotiations: according to our calculations, if pd-1 products were to fall overall, pd-1 penetration rate
It is hoped that the price will change with the price reduction. We have made a preliminary attempt to calculate the price and market expansion possibilities following the pd-1 negotiations and to measure the sale of Carrelliads, and we have given the following three scenarios for the impact of the pd1 negotiations:
Scenario one: average annual cost down to $100,000, corresponding to pd-1 penetration rate 30 per cent and Heung Swe 30 per cent, respectively, taking into account the relatively small price reduction; Scenario two: average annual cost down to $80,000, corresponding to pd-1 penetration rate and Heung Swe, taking into account the neutral nature of the price reduction
(b) Scenario III: average annual cost has fallen to $50,000, corresponding to pd-1 penetration and Hing Swe 50 per cent and 45 per cent, respectively, taking into account the relatively large price reduction:
Thus, based on the above scenarios and measurements, the sales peaks for HUNPd-1 products in the three scenarios were 1,1226 million, 13970 million and 109.14 million, respectively, using the pd-1 penetration rate as a baseline of 8 per cent and the HUNS rate of 15 per cent, whether the pd-1 penetration rate or the city of HUNS.
The first pd-1 liver cancer in the country is expected to rise to over 4 billion in the future. Hepatic cancer is a high incidence and death rate in the country.
In September 2018, according to the International Agency for Research on Cancer (iarc) of the World Health Organization (WHO), thousands of people, unlike other countries, had a significant proportion of liver cancer from hepatitis B virus (hbv) infection, and most of the patients found it to be a mid-to-late phase, although pd-1 single drug for liver cancer was not very effective, the potential of the joint program was enormous.
The clinical effectiveness of the second-line treatment programme of the drug combination with Ipwood resistance is twice as high as the single drug, the disease control rate and the 24 months of survival. Carrijo has obtained conditional approval based on excellent clinical data for two periods, orr of 14.7%.6 months for all patients, and 74.4% for all patients: 13.8 months for all patients in the secondary endpoints.
The Apadaloni, combined folfox4, is in the process of achieving the ii of the late-stage liver cancer. The price of Carrillos is 198,000 per bottle, based on the existing 2-sale, 4-to-one-year drug delivery programme, which costs approximately $118.8 million per year, a clear price advantage over imports, higher than the value of the national product, Kunyoshi and Shinda, which is between 1 and 20 million.
On the contrary, although pd-1 is now less permeable for liver cancer treatment, it is expected to increase further given the subsequent price drops, the rising treatment status, the potential for cogeneration, and the advantages of the company ' s terminal channels, and we expect that there will be no clinical profile for liver cancer, which is expected to become a second line drug for non-small cell lung cancer and dietary cancer.
Swiss medicine has a more comprehensive clinical layout on liver, lung, stomach, and dietary cancers, and three imported products have been slightly better prepared for and faster than in the country because of their experience in overseas clinical experiments. The company is now rich in the adaptive layout of Carellijus, with two adaptive disorders, one non-small cell lung cancer and two second-line cavity cavity cancers, entering the list.
Para. The results of the ii phase clinical study of the Kareli Pearl Unit against the Combined Metrics + Capriforms showed that it could be used as a new first-line treatment programme for patients with terminal non-small cell lung cancer, with 60 per cent objective mitigation rate for the Kareli Pearl Unit against + chemotherapy group, 87.3 per cent disease control rate, significantly better than 39.1 per cent and 74.4 per cent for the chemotherapy group, and mpfs for the Kareli Pearl Unit against + chemotherapy.
The group is 11.3 months, which is significantly better than 8.3 months for the chemo group. In the case of dietary cancer, according to data released on 2019esmo, the Kareli Jom and chemo are 8.3 months and 6.2 months, respectively, and the Kareli Jom have extended the life of 2.1 months and reduced the risk of death by 29%; in addition, the Kareli Jommon and chemo are one-year survival rates.
At 33.7 per cent and 22.3 per cent, respectively, the Carrill Jewellery bill rose by 11 percentage points. Nda 2.2.2 Apateni: the gastric cancer target is preferred to the small molecules, linking it to the prospect of opening up a new cycle of growth.
The company’s first innovative drug is used for the treatment of late stomach cancer three and more. After a decade of research and development, the department received an approval to go on the market in October 2014 for treatment for late stomach cancer or for treatment of combined gland cancer three and more, the first fully autonomous new anti-cancer drug in the country.
Aitan was the first in the world to be proven to have lost the standardized treatment for late stomach cancer, and a safe and effective anti-vascular target drug, vegf sulphatic enzyme inhibitor (tki), which can be used as a combination of vegfr-2 atp in a highly selective competitive cell, by discouraging the production of septic acid hormones.
The purpose of the tumor is to control the production of cardiovascular tissue, to block the transmission of downstream signals, to inhibit the production of blood vessels of the tumor tissue, to deprive the tumor of oxygen and nutrients, and to achieve the purpose of the “educed to death” tumor.
Figure 14: Apateni can extend the survival of the late-stage patient (unit: month) and the incidence of stomach cancer in our country is high and short. We are a big gastric cancer country. According to China ' s cancer data report for 2015 and data from Globocan 2018, our annual stomach cancer incidence is about 680,000, or 2/3 of the global total.
About 90 per cent of stomach cancers detected in the country are in progress, while the prognosis of stomach cancer is closely related to the period of diagnosis and treatment, i.e., it has led to surgical treatment, with a 5-year survival rate of less than 30 per cent, well below the 5-year survival rate (90 per cent) after early stomach cancer treatment, and under 10 per cent of early stomach cancers, far below Japan (70 per cent) and South Korea (50 per cent).
The national system for the prevention and screening of stomach cancer, early screening awareness and the prevalence of gastric mirrors has yet to be improved. At the time of diagnosis, about 40 per cent of patients with stomach cancer are already suffering from late stomach cancer, treatment for early stomach cancer is dominated by end-of-day hyposcopy and surgical treatment, treatment for late stomach cancer is dominated by medication, and the average life expectancy of patients with late stomach cancer is less than one year.
The treatment of stomach cancer is still dominated by chemotherapy, and the molecular target of stomach cancer is relatively late in treatment, with few successes: the curvature of the treatment of her 2-positive transient stomach cancers (Rodock 2014), and the second-line treatment of late stomach cancer.
The treatment of Remo Monore (Relay 2014, which is not yet on the domestic market), the treatment of late stomach cancer at Apateni (2014) and Pym Mesadows (2017fda, which has not yet been approved for stomach cancer), the treatment of Na Moo Moo Mono (Henry), and the domestic choice of target drugs for which Japan has only been approved for stomach cancer.
People with stomach cancer in the country often face limited choice of second-line treatment after failure of first-line treatment, more clinically, Apateni, which has been approved for treatment of late-stage stomach cancer, and Apateni, which is an oral small-molecular formulation, is dependent, economically sound and has become the three-line late-stage medication recommended in the csco guide and the transition of late-stage stomach cancer.
After the negotiations for the inclusion of health insurance, it is clear that the three-line stomach cancer adaptive disorder is expected to reach over 2 billion. Since the market in Apadaloni in 2014, the sales of the sample hospitals have increased significantly, with negotiated reductions in 2017 for the inclusion of health insurance, and the standard for the payment of health insurance is $136 (250 mg/year for the sale of the sample hospitals on the basis of the negotiated reductions in health insurance, which amounts to $260 million, an increase of 63 per cent over the same period), with a marked increase in the amount distributed;
The 19-year health-care negotiations were successfully renewed, with a moderate decline of about 13%, and are expected to continue with the gradual implementation of health-care reimbursement across the country. Based on the epidemiology of stomach cancer, the drug use programme and the latest health-care negotiations, the Apateni is used only for the sale of three-line gastric cancers, given that the clinical target for stomach cancer is currently less selective.
Together, we can open a new cycle of growth. The company's Carrijo has been marketed in 2019, has had good synergies with the Apadeni in terms of mechanisms and efficacy.
In the case of stomach cancer, Apadaloni is undergoing three clinical trials in the United Carriths, and other co-uses (parp, dos and Dérgio) are entering the first and second stages of the clinical phase. The area of stomach cancer is expected to rise to the potential of the second or even first line, further expanding the population and penetration rates of the drug users; and in the case of other major adaptive diseases (hepatic, lung, breast, ovarian).
As a result of the combination of the increased status of treatment and the potential for large-scale adaptive disorders, it is expected that the Apadalini sales will increase further, opening up a new cycle of growth.
The company's own oral egfr/her2 inhibitor, which is a small molecular cheese sulphate inhibitor (tki), prevents phosphorus acidification and subsequent signal transmission through a competitive combination of protein hormones atp combined structural domains, leading to cell death and reduced cell growth.
In September 2018, bed data were approved for the conditional listing of nmpa for her 2-positive, non-accepted or non-receipt of curvature-resistant treatments for breast cancer, i.e. second-line treatment for breast cancer in the late stages of her 2-plus.
The number of cancers in the first place, according to " cancer statusistsinchina, 2015 " , was 304,000 new cases of breast cancer in the country in 2015, of which her 2-per-cent positive was about 25 per cent, clinically treated through chemotherapy and her 2-point target; hormone receptor positive was about 74 per cent, the aim of which was to reduce estrogen levels; triple-negative breast cancer was about 11 per cent, the main one.
The treatments are chemotherapy, parp inhibitor, pd-1. Her2 is a more clinically mature target, single resistance, small fractions, adc are listed successively, and the curtooths have expanded since their listing in 1998 with excellent clinical data and adaptations, and are now widely used for breast cancer-assisted and late-stage treatments, and clinically recommended use runs through the whole course of breast cancer.
Especially after 17 years of the price reduction on health insurance, the supply is in short supply. Figure 19: The number of cancer cases among women in the country in 2015 is ranked (in thousands) in figure 20: The sale of the Curtoball sample hospital (in hundreds of millions of dollars).
Of the molecular inhibitors, only Giuldeni and Leatoni can suppress three of her targets simultaneously, and are not reversible to the receptors, with enhanced effects.
\triangleright late-stage breast cancer treatment in Kapayatian, which was imported into the country in 2013, was negotiated for reimbursement of category B in 2017 at a price of $4900 per box (250 mg*70 units).
The data is bright, and the os and mpfs are clearly better than Rapatoni.
Her 2-positive early breast cancer has been extended after a year of curly beads-based anti-aided treatment programme, and is now commercialized in North China by North Hakong Sung, which is in the process of importing the declared supplemental application. The dichotomy and the comedian structure are very similar, with the inhibition of egfr/her2 in cell trials, and the i phase is clinically deficient.
In the short term, small molecules of the same kind in the country do not pose a threat to the development of products. In the case of small molecules of the same kind, there are currently few such products in the country.
On the mellitus side, four enterprises, including Ziru and the sun, have been given generic medicines for Rapatoni, of which only fair and clear-day consistency evaluations are leading, Be testing is under way, the rest of the enterprises have made little progress in sexual evaluation and, in the short term, the threat of small, national-made molecules of the same kind has been less significant, giving them greater market space.
It is hoped that clinical advancement will be achieved by joining forces, and that market space will break out by 3 billion. In December 2019, Gitney was included in the fourth round of health-care negotiations, with an average reduction of about 62% in two specifications and an increase in sales through health-care coverage.
The multi-clinical phases of his assisted treatment, extended post-operative treatment, and so on, are expected to achieve multiple stages of, and even full-time, use of her 2-positive breast cancer, thereby increasing the number of drug users and increasing the penetration rate. Only the second-line late-stage breast cancer medication of Dani is currently considered.
As the clinical status of gland cancer rises and adaptive conditions expand, market space is expected to continue to break upwards. 2.2.4 Fluorine Palli: Prospective broad spectrum anticancer parp inhibitor obstructs the repair of dna damage, “synthetic death” in brca mutation.
Adp nucleotide) is a dna damage restoration enzyme that plays a key role in the repair of circuits in the single chain dna. It is a process in which: dna damage breaks and activates parp, which has the ability to recognize and combine to dna break positions, and then activates, catalyses the receptor protein's polyadp nucleicization, and participates in dna restoration processes.
The formulation can block the process, causing damage to dna to be repaired, causing the cell to die. Once normal cell single chain repair is prevented, another path of repair is triggered, i.e. congener recombinant restoration (hr), so the parp inhibitor is less toxic to normal cells; but for some tumor cells, if the congener restoration function also fails, a comparison is made.
The common thing is that, because of the failure of mutation in brca, the parp inhibitor can selectively kill and kill the brca1/2 gene defect neoplasm cells, which is “synthetic death”, which is the concept that was introduced in genetics almost a century ago, and the later expansion into oncological treatment, and the first anticancer that is involved in the first one, based on the concept of “synthetic death”.
Figure 22: Mechanism for the use of parp inhibitors, 4 of which are listed globally, and 2 of which are currently listed domestically. Parp is one of the most popular targets in the current global pharmaceutical field, with the next pd-1, with 4 of which have been approved globally.
Listed on the market, in Orapali of Aslicon, in Rukapali of Clovis, in Nilapali of Granço Sek and in Pfizer, in 2018, the total global sales were nearly US$ 1 billion, more than half of which were in Orapali. There are currently two types of parp inhibitors on the market in our country: Oradalini (August 2018) and Nilapali (December 2019).
Aurapani's approved maintenance treatment for re-emergic ovarian cancer filled the ovarian cancer treatment gap for almost 30 years, with a price of 24.8 million yuan per box/150 mg*56 pieces per month, 2 boxes per month, approximately 496 million yuan per month, 0.95 million yuan per box per month after entering the health insurance negotiations in 2019, and 19,000 per month for treatment.
There is no need for biomarkers such as gbrca, a wider audience, and it is the only parp inhibitor that needs to be taken orally once a day, and the medication is more sexual, and now costs $75,000 a month for treatment. Multidimensional clinical advances, parap inhibitors, mutate to anti-cancer. From clinical status, clinical patient groups, and clinically.
Adaptively, the parp inhibitor is moving rapidly and is expected to become a new generation of broad spectrum anti-cancer drugs. Clinical status is rising. Excellent clinical data has led to an increase in the parap inhibitor from three- or four-line treatment to second-line maintenance and first-line maintenance treatment, which was granted only by fda when Olapali was released in December 2014.
A four-line monotherapy for terminal brca mutation cancer patients was approved for use in October 2018 by fda to carry brca mutation (gbrcam or sbrcam) late ovarian cancers, eggs tubal cancers or primary peritoneal cancers, which was the first time that the parp inhibitor reached the first level of treatment.
Clinical patient grouping has expanded and is no longer confined to brca. Nilapali is the third \triangleright parp suppressant to be marketed globally, unlike Orapani and Rukapani, which has no brca mutation limit, and fda has been approved.
In the iii clinical trial (engot-ov16/nova study), 490 re-emerging ovarian cancers with the most immediate platinum chemical response were recruited and treated 300 milligrams per day.
mpfs were significantly prolonged (21.0 mvs 5.5 m) compared to the placebo group; in the 350 cases selected, mpfs were significantly improved (9.3 mvs 3.9m) in the brca mutant group, where brca mutants were not carried but had hrrr defects, niraparib group mpfs were extended to 12.9 m. niraparib compared to the comfort group 3.8m.
In addition to mutations with brca's genes, there can be a “synthetic death” from two-chain repair defects with other dna. Clinical adaptive disorders are expanding, ranging from ovarian cancer to breast cancer and pancreatic cancer.
Treatment of cancer patients, a parp suppressant for breast cancer; and in July 2019, the US nccn pancreatic cancer guide recommended the inclusion of pancreatic cancer in Orapani, which is a first-line maintenance treatment for those with embryonic bca1/2 harmful mutations, transient diseases, no progress during first-line platinum therapy for more than 16 weeks, which is the first treatment for pancreas.
Parp inhibitors for cancer were approved, although in the approved clinical data there was no significant increase in os (18.9 mvs 18.1 m), the mpfs were significantly elevated (7.4 mvs 3.8 m), and there are also current clinical adaptive conditions for prostate, stomach and non-small cell lung cancers, and co-op-l1 and vascular inhibitors.
The company's fluorine pelvic capsules are listed and the market space is expected to expand further. The company's fluorine platinum capsules were first developed by Jiangsuhausen (a clinical batch was obtained in 2013) and are currently owned by Heung-suk and declared on the market in October 2019.
Clinical trials involving a wide range of adaptive conditions, including prostate cancer (clinical stage 2), triple-negative breast cancer (clinical stage 1), actual body tumors (clinical stage 1), have been carried out in connection with the use of Karelijum, Apadaloni and chemotherapy, and are expected to further expand clinical applications in the future.
The company is ahead of schedule, and Fluorine Pali is expected to become the country’s third parp inhibitor. There are no companies listed in the country, except for the already marketed two parp inhibitors: Orapali of Aslicon and Nilapali of Nirapali.
In the declaration phase, the company ' s fluorine palaly is expected to become the third-parp inhibitor in the country, and the company ' s clinical development layout in the fluorine palaly is the most abundant, with a combination of products such as Karelijum, Apadalini, traditional medicine, and a number of adaptive conditions, and not many companies have developed the parap inhibitor in the country, except for Henry and Hauser.
And it's a more homogenous layout, with the fastest progress in other companies being in the clinical trilogy industry and in the state of Via delta, where six of them are at a slower stage of clinical phase 1 or approved clinical phase. The company's innovative pharmacological lines are well-placed, except for pd-1, Apateni, platini, Fluffy Palli, etc., which are already on the market.
In addition to a pound of products, the company’s target spots are rich and cover a wide range of adaptive conditions, and a number of potential products are now well clinically advanced, pd-1/tgf-beta are already in clinical phase 1, cdk4/6 into clinical phase 1b/2 and jak3 into clinical phase 2 and so on, and are expected to move forward in the future, enriching clinical medicine and increasing future performance.
Table 28: Corporate Innovative Pharmacy Lines 3.1 Oncological analogues create a solid market and channel base, and old product markets are solid and the basis for cash flow.
The city’s five first anti-cancer drugs, which still contribute about 23% of its revenue base, are based on the first booms in the domestic market, which remain at the forefront, provide a stable cash flow for companies, and gradually lay the foundation for a nationwide professional marketing network and sales base for the introduction of new oncology products.
In Dosita, a plant anti-cancer drug (a semi-synthetic violet derivative) was found in the process of synthesizing violets, with an intermediate anti-cancer activity of two paces from the final synthesis of violet ol, but with a microcube stronger than violet ol.
Protein binding capacity is structurally similar to violet ol (with the same mother core and two base groups). The original researcher, Seinofi, was listed in 1996 by fda for the treatment of late breast cancer, which was later approved for the treatment of small lung cancer, prostate cancer and stomach cancer. In 2002, the company took the lead in entering the domestic market by imitating it.
In the first place, the market share was increased to 55% in 2019, and Oshali platinum, a platinum anti-cancer drug (third generation platinum derivative), was surrounded by herbic acid and 1.2-diamine cyclohexane, an inverse image, a stereoisomer. Like other platinum derivatives, Osali platinum passed through it.
The product is used mainly for first-line treatment of transectal rectum cancer and as a supplement to the iii colon cancer following the complete removal of the original tumor, originally developed by the Swiss firm Debiopharm and most developed in France in 1996 by Sénofie.
In 2000, the company took the lead in entering the domestic market by imitating the first one, with a share in the original market and a share of the first 24% in 2019. In 2012, the company was certified by the Dutch Food and Drug Administration to be marketed in the Netherlands and other countries of the European Union, and in 2014 it was approved for sale in the United States through the United States fda certification.
Eliukang, a plant anti-cancer drug (a semi-synthetic derivative of hibernate), can be combined with a pesky helium enzyme 1, which induces a single chain of reversibility to break, thereby dissipating the dna binary structure; and Eliegron and its active metabolite sa-38, which can be combined with a peonodium helium enzymei-dna compound, thus preventing the reconnection of the si-dna chain.
The original researcher, Yakulthonsha, was the first pharmaceutical company in the country to be certified by the United States of America for the injection of the drug, and was allowed to sell it on the Japanese market in 2015, the first time that a Chinese pharmaceutical company had made a voluntary declaration of its preparations.
It was the first to enter the domestic market, with a higher share than the original, and in recent years the market share has gradually expanded, reaching 68% in 2019, well above the second and third Pfizers and Zulus. The fragrance enzyme has reduced estrogen levels, thus eliminating the stimulation of estrogen to tumor growth.
End-stage breast cancer patients with ineffective antiestrogen treatment were first approved for listing in the United States in July 1997 by Novartis, the company entered the domestic market through the first simulation rate in 1999, the United States Fda certification in 2013 by 49 per cent of the domestic market in 2019, and already outnumbered 48 per cent of the Novartis, while the third-highest sea was only 4 per cent.
Dégio, a complex formulation made up of lascifluor (ft)+Gymep)+Oldrazi potassium (oxo), in which fluorofluoride acts as an anti-cancer effect, gymium acts as an increased treatment effect, and potassium Odelasi reduces hydrazine toxicity. The product applies to partially late-stage or transferary stomach cancers that cannot be removed, and the original research plant is the Japanese Pythonite plant, which was first in 1999.
In 2010, the company was listed as the second largest in the industry, followed by the Shandong era, with a market share of about 17.5 per cent. 3.2 Anaesthesia plate: the old product is robust, and the Rama Xulum is expected to breathe new life into it.
The company's involvement in the anaesthetic industry since 2004 has been one of the few national drug manufacturers, and it has now become the second largest source of corporate income, amounting to $5,507 million in 2019, an increase of 18.35% over the same period, with 23,64% within the company, in Butorphineno, Heptafluoroane, Right America.
The companies in the four main product segmented markets of Tomídine, Alcuku and Ammonium account for an absolute market advantage; from the point of view of collateral purchases, the right Mitomi is scheduled to be included in the list of 4+7 purchases in 2018, with only one (same) in Yangzi River receiving a significant market share in 2019, with the company down from 80 per cent + 53 per cent in 2019.
Anaesthetic drugs can cause a temporary loss of feeling in the entire body or part of the body, for the purpose of operating pain-free, clinically, mainly for surgical purposes, gynaecology and obstetrics.
In terms of the efficacy of the drug, it can also be divided into sedatives, muscle loosers, and painkillers. Industry is growing steadily, and painless childbirth is expected to inject new energy.
9%. On the other hand, the rise of painless childbirth has also given rise to a new market space in the anaesthesia sector, which, according to statistics, is expected to grow in the future as a major human being, with the release of the second child, the number of births per year in recent years is around 16 million.
Figure 37: Number of inpatient surgeries in the country, 2011-2018 (in thousands), Figure 38: Population born in the country, 2011-2018 (in thousands), 3.2.2 "4+1" combination of narcotic products
Heptafluoroane is still a significant drug in the company. Hexafluoroane is a volatile halogenated anaesthetic, commonly used as a combination of heptafluoroane and oxygen or nitrous oxide to induce and maintain whole body anaesthesia in institutions for adults and paediatric patients, as well as in outpatient hands. The drug was first studied by Yape. It was introduced in the United States in June 1995.
Swe, a domestic hepta-HCH imitator, has been selling hepta-HCH domestically since 2004, and in 2015 was approved by the fda for listing in the United States. The company ' s Hexafluoroane sample hospital sold $1.4 billion in 2019, with more than 70 per cent of the city, and has an absolute market advantage.
The drug was approved by fda in 1999. The company was the country's first counterfeiting company, which was approved to be listed in 2009.
In August 2018, the company was approved to be listed in Japan. For many years, the company held a large market share of the drug, with the city exceeding 80%, and in 2018 Yang Zhejiang was treated as the only company with an exclusive market through a consistency evaluation, and the only one with a consistency evaluation, accounting for around 50% in 2019, with sample data showing a decline of about 19% in sales.
Figure 41: Model hospital sales at the right metonite (in billions) Figure 42: Right Metomi competition pattern (in billions) Bootorino is the exclusive product of the company and hands-on pricing. Butorphino is a partial agonist for opioid receptors.
The original manufacturer of the drug was apothecon, first approved by the fda in 1978, the company was the first manufacturer of the drug, was listed domestically in 2002, and the listing company has been the only producer of the drug in the country since 2018.
The company made a three-fold overall increase in the price of the product, and the sale of the sample hospital rose significantly to $1.44 billion in 2019. The Atracone ammonium powder is a double agent, with obvious advantages. The Atracium ammonium is a de-polarized mesothone, applied to surgery and other operations based on intensive care, usually used as an ancillary medicine for the whole mahjong or as a sedative in icu, and he can relax his bones.
Muskeletes, making the tube infusion and mechanical air flow easy. The original manufacturer of the drug, gsk, was approved by fda in 1996. The company was approved for ammonium powder in the Autumn Bank in 2006 and approved by fda for listing in the United States in 2017.
In June 2018, only Nanjing's founding friends declared their conformity evaluation as a result of a consistent evaluation. The most recent harvest potential species, Rima sulfonum.
The salivation used for routine gastric mirrors, as well as colonoscopy treatment and whole body anesthesia into three stages of clinical treatment, leading in the progress of medicine. The product is a modified product based on midar sorghum, combining the safety of mida sulfon and the effectiveness of proporofol, and it is hoped that a part of the market share of these products will be obtained in the future through substitution.
3.3 Shapes: Using the wind of medical images, new and old products are rejuvenated, and the film plates are the third largest operating block of the company, contributing nearly 15% of its income, an increase of 38.97% from the same year. The company has since 2006 produced the first film agent, iodized fol, followed by three products: iodized gram salol, platinum platinum and poppy iodide oil.
At present, the project block has become the third largest company, generating revenue of $3.230 billion in 2019, an increase of 38.97 per cent in comparison with the previous year, an increase of 13.87 per cent within the company, the four products that dominate the market and are not subject to consistent evaluation, with short-term procurement risks.
3.3.1 The rapid growth of the medical image industry is driven by the rapid growth of the image market. As the demand for health care and the level of health spending rise, the rate of growth in the medical image industry is remarkable. According to the radiology section of the Chinese Medical Doctors' Association, one year of medical imagery in China has been estimated.
The country’s video equipment holdings are growing rapidly, and according to the China Medical Equipment Association, our ct equipment holdings have reached 22070 in 2016 and 11.7% in five years, and the rapid growth of inspection equipment is directly responsible for the increase in the number of screenings.
According to data from our sample hospitals, the total sales of cinematography rose from 1.88 billion in 2012 to 41.80 billion in 2018, with 14.2 per cent of cagr ' s products updated and updated, gradually forming four main products.
The traditional cinematographer, iodized verbol, has a flat rate of more than 90%. The iodized verbol is a low iodized, non-ion-type phantom. It is used primarily for the enhanced scanning of cardiovascular, peri-resistive arteries and veins, head and whole body circulators, etc. Iodine is the first photogenic product in Henry, and the original researcher is Vanlinco in the United States, which was first approved in 2006.
The overall market has been growing at a rate of more than 10%, and in 2019 Heung Swe took over most of the country’s iodized Buddhist ethanol market, with a 92% market share, an absolute and solid market advantage, and has been steadily contributing around 8% of the company’s income over the years. The high rate of iodized gram salol is growing in recent years.
Cardiograms, cerebral angiograms, extraneous arteries, abdominal angiograms, urinary arteries and ct-enhanced tests. The drug was first developed by Nekomin Pharmaceuticals in Norway and was listed in Europe in 1994, and the iodized ksalol of Shing Ri was approved for listing in the country in 2010 and subsequently in the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and Germany from 2018 to early 2019.
Shaol has risen significantly in recent years, and has become the most productive product of the company ' s film plate, with a sample in 2019, with hospitals selling more than 1 billion dollars and cagr about 50% in almost five years. The company has already surpassed ge in 2017, making up the largest share of the domestic iodized gsalol market, with 58% in 2019.
The new product poppy iodide oil is expected to be rapidly released, further pulling the film plate. Poppy iodide oil is an iodized imager for lymphoma, hepatocyte cancer, uterus tubes, etc. For other iodoids, poppy iodide oils are oily and small enough to achieve end-of-term embolism, selective deposition in the tumor tissue, complete removal by the body, post-operative.
This year, Iodized oil injection fluids are currently produced in the country, unlike imported products, mostly iodized kernels, oils, or soybean oils that are not esterized. The drug iodized poppy iodide fluids in Hinwe are consistent with the main active ingredient of imported products, iodizing them. The poppy-seed oil, fatty ester, was marketed in September 2016 and applied in 2019 for a new photo of the uterus tubes.
The company’s share of the market has gradually turned back super-genetic research guerbet, sold in 2019 in sample hospitals at $118 million, and 65% in the city. The new product, platinum platinum, is fast-growing and long-term, opening the door to MRI. The platinum is a new form of separation.
The clinical studies show that the increased effect of the plyamine is much better than the current high rate in the domestic market, and that its larger ring molecules are more stable to avoid the accelerated release of the pyro atoms when they are on the market, with a high rate of growth in 18 and 19 years, with several times the amount sold in the sample hospital compared to the company.
Other products, which are specifically designed for MRI, are currently in the domestic market for MRI agents, which account for a lower share of MRI than in the global market, with greater scope for increase, and the introduction of the product opens up the door to companies for MRI.
From the heavy-pound product pilot to the full-scale distribution model. Since 2017, the company’s marketing system has undergone a series of organizational adjustments to adapt to the company’s product market and changes in industrial policy, and as the company’s innovative medicines enter the harvest period, the original generic pharmaceutical sales team is not sufficient to meet the demands of the academic extension and marketing of the product.
As an example, Apagoni was the first to pilot a division model of heavy-pound products within the company. In 2017, the company set up a separate line of sales from the old anti-cancer line, with the corresponding Ministry of Markets, Medical Affairs, etc., which was hatched through a mature line of sales in the early days of the market and opened a separate line of sales to be released when it matured.
Full implementation of the distribution system. In 2018, the company began to have 19k, pyrolyrin, and other heavy-pound innovations, such as platinum and violet supremol.
The model consists of the establishment of the Ministry of Oncology, the Ministry of Image, the Ministry of Anaesthesia, the Ministry of Integrated Services, etc., and the establishment of the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior and the Ministry of Medical Affairs, etc.
The company currently owns more than 12,000 sales workers, and is the production, R & D, marketing, and marketing industry, which has seen more than 10,000 sales workers in 2017 and 2018. During the year, the number of sales workers in the company increased by nearly 5,000, especially by nearly 4,000 in 2018, with an average increase per province.
More than 130 people, more than 2,500 more in 2019. While expanding the sales force, the company also focuses on improving the comprehensive quality of its sales staff, combining the introduction of talent with self-development, upgrading the professionalization of its personnel through a systematic and professional training system, laying a solid foundation for the marketing goals of doing well-marketing and making good products.
“Qualitative” and “mass” enhance the overall competitiveness of the marketing team and create one of the strongest sales teams in the industry. Figure 58: Number of sales workers in enterprises in the industry (persons) Figure 59: Number of sales workers in companies (persons)
Sales boosted income and cost of sales stabilized. Although the company started to reform its marketing system in 2017, the number of sales personnel increased significantly, and the cost of sales increased significantly, the cost of sales performed well, mainly as the company ' s innovation drug entered the harvest period, new products were gradually marketed, and sales were strongly promoted and revenues were raised significantly.
5.1 Diabetes: Net Hengles and Rigretine are entering clinical phase three. By 2010, the company had traditional oral drops, including a double acetone, and since 2019, has announced the construction of slow-disease drug plates, using slow-disease drugs as a breakthrough in the final retail market, the slow-disease sector is expected to be the next step for Heung Swe.
The fastest progress in the field of diabetics is now being made by Rigretine and Hengles, who have entered clinical phase 3 and are expected to register for 21-22 years. The size of the Dpp-4 inhibitor market is expected to expand further, with Rigrettin taking the lead.
dpp-4 activity to reduce glp-1 loss of activity, increase glp-1 concentration in blood, and glp-1 is the strongest intestine insulin agent available, thus improving blood sugar control at a lower risk of low blood sugar and weight gain.
The market for dpp-4 inhibitors has grown faster in recent years, mainly as a result of the introduction of four imported products into health care in 2017. Domestic dpp-4 inhibitors won first in 2019.
In the case of the new drug dpp-4 inhibitor, four countries are now in a clinic, three have approved a clinic, and three have approved a clinic.
Rigretine is the only species entering clinical phase 3 and is expected to be declared publicly this year, while the rest of the enterprises are at a slower pace. Based on the current dpp-4 inhibitor penetration rate of 10%, the annual average cost of treatment is $3,000, the market space for Rigretine is shown in figure 62: dpp-4 sample hospital sales (in billions of dollars)
Figure 63: Sample Hospital dpp-4 inhibitor pattern in 2019 is expected to expand further and the market sglt-2 is a good competition in the country. Sglt-2 is responsible for the bulk of kidney glucose reabsorption, which increases blood sugar concentration, and sglt-2 inhibitors can suppress the heavy absorption function of sglt-2, and hence is effective.
The net market for Dag Hammarskjöld, Karglé, and Ngell was registered domestically in 2017, with no new sglt-2 drug available, and only Jiangsuhausen made its first net listing in December 2019. Sglt-2 inhibitors now account for a relatively low share of the domestic market for diabetic drugs, less than 1%, and are expected to take advantage of the growth of the diabetic market in the future.
The sglt-2 inhibitor's progress in developing new drugs in the country shows that the company has made a net lead in clinical phase 3 in 2017 and is expected to be marketed in 21-22. There are currently about 114 million diabetic patients, and the sglt-2 inhibitor is now relatively low in the country.
The net annual cost of treatment in Hinggli is calculated at a net cost of approximately $1600/year, taking into account health insurance, with an expected increase in penetration rate of 8 per cent, and a further 50 per cent reduction in the price of HS 5.2 overseas for the introduction of domestic blanks.
5.2.1 Anti-inflammation treatment drugs. In November 2019, the company obtained the exclusive right of two drugs from the German company Novaliq for the treatment of eye disease in China to develop, produce and market.
We have completed two clinical trials, we have a large number of cases of eye disease, and artificial tears can only be mitigated and no anti-inflammation drugs are on the market for the time being. According to the Consensus of the Specialists for Dry Eye Clinical Clinical Clinical Care (2013), we have an estimated 21-30% of the cases of eye disease, which infers that we have 2-30%.
The 300 million people who are ill, with a large market but currently low attendance and limited treatment options, are currently the most commonly used in the country for artificial tears, with sodium glass acid as the main ingredient, and can be used only to mitigate the symptoms of wet water supplementation, while the most commonly used worldwide is anti-inflammation drugs with low concentrations of cytocina drops, which have products in the United States, Europe and Japan.
The city, but there is no domestic market for cytophoid a droplet for eye disease. The restasis of El-Jan has become the world's largest product for droplets, with sales in the United States in 2018 amounting to over $1.2 billion. 5.2.2 is a selective anti-factile drug.
In June 2019, the company introduced from Mycovia Inc. in the United States a patented precursor compound vt-1161 (also known as Oeseconazole) for the treatment and prevention of multiple fungi infections, including re-emerging vaginal pyresis, fungi disease, invasive fungi infection and democcal disease, and will acquire exclusive access to clinical development, registration, production and marketing in the country.
For rvvc, fungi cyp51 is more selective than the available antiseptic drug. vt-1161 is a new oral fraction of cyp51 inhibitor for cypsyp 51, which is being developed clinically during the iii period with re-emerging vaginal hysteria (rvvc). Vvc hysteria is the most common form of vaginal vulva.
The study estimated that about 75% of women will be infected at least once in their lifetime with vvc, of which about half will experience repeated infections and 5-9% will be infected with rvvvc (at least three or four vvc in 12 months). According to The Lancet, there are about 29 million rvvc patients in China.
Responsive conditions include fungi infections and mollusc diseases. Anti-septic herbs are currently on the market in the country, including fluorocondium, vt-1161 and so on, but the choice of fungi cyp51 is significantly better than the commonly used anti-septic drugs. According to iqvia, the annual sales of fluorocondium and Volcone on the Chinese market in 2018 were about 640 million yuan and 2,42 million yuan, respectively.
5.3 The path to internationalization Parallel to the innovative drug strategy is the internationalization of companies, which is an important long-term development strategy for companies, which in recent years has continued to actively expand overseas markets and expand the internationalization strategy, with 17 generic pharmaceutical products now in the United States.
The country, Japan and different parts of the European Union have achieved a successful listing in various areas, such as oncology, anaesthesia, and cinematography. Clinical trials of several innovative drugs, including Kareliju, have been conducted in the United States and Australia, and overseas strategies have been steadily advanced, with the prospect of a new growth space for overseas marketing of priority varieties in the future.
1 Oncological plates: the neoplasm innovation drug Apadalini, Puerteoni, 19k is expected to be released after entering the health insurance negotiations: Ka Reillyju has received a new dose of liver cancer, while lung and dietary cancer is in the declaration phase and is expected to be included in the national health insurance rapid release: the protein-violet ol collection is in progress, short-term pressure can be controlled: oncological imitation is dominated by injections, with the effect of volume procurement
2. Anaesthesia plate: The successful marketing of the innovative drug Reimaa Valium is expected to give new impetus to the anaesthetic plate: right-wing meta-metomy, short-term pressure, short-term risk of short-term collection of the rest of the core products, and strong market position.
4. Other composite plates: in the field of active company deployment of slow diseases, involving diabetes, gout, cardiovascular, etc., the design has not been developed and, as the company ' s innovative medicine is gradually entering harvest, the clinical and approval of new products, such as Karelijum, Apadaloni and Chocelegoni, are expected to fall short of expectations by means of health insurance and adaptation;
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.