- Three heavy jobs, three heavy jobs, three heavy jobs, three heavy jobs, three heavy jobs, three heavy jobs.
▪ Events: The company announced its performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2017, where it expects to achieve a net return to the mother in the first three quarters, a total of 101935 excavators of all types, representing an increase of 100.1 per cent in the same year and a total of 10496 excavators of all types in September 2017, representing an increase of 92.3 per cent in the same year.
The three-year action plan for the construction of major transport infrastructure involves investment of 4.7 trillion yuan, of which 1.3 trillion yuan were spent in 2018. The engineering machinery produced at the peak in 2009 - 2011 was phased out of the market and the demand for replacement was supported by the replacement of new machines.
Industry sales data, which are expected to grow at a steady pace over the next three years, and the industry as a whole is on a virtuous path. From the structure of industry products, the recovery of the industry in the higher end of the excavator product market has increased significantly, the market structure has evolved towards the United States, Japan, etc., and the corporate sector.
In the area of deep-deep-deep-drawling machines, the recovery of the industry has been more than fully realized. The city’s share has increased significantly in certification competitiveness, with the risk of fully releasing light-loading.
The company ' s annual disposal of receivables and fixed assets amounted to $12.1 billion, while the company ' s internal processes were constantly improving, its prudential marketing policy was strictly enforced, and its resilience to risks was significantly improved. This move led to a significant improvement in the cash flow of the company ' s operations, the full release of the risk of bad debts, and the current company ' s assets.
The size and profitability are well matched, and firm corporate performance is expected to be stable in the future, with a steady growth in industry, with a significant increase in the overseas collection ratio, which is expected to become the world ' s engineering and machinery giant. Since the company ' s success strategy of acquiring Putsmeister in 2012, the company has taken advantage of its leading technological advantage and the global sales that it has built for more than 50 years.
The internationalization process has been qualitatively enhanced. In recent years, the company's overseas layout has been highly synchronized with the “one-way” route, which will fully benefit from the country's strategic dividends. In January-September 2017, our excavator exported 6,607 units, an increase of 22.5 per cent, and in September, the export of 966 units per month, an increase of 60.2 per cent.
After the industry’s downfall, the country’s autonomy in engineering and machinery has been greatly enhanced, and the cost of company manufacturing has been reduced, further consolidating the international competitive advantage. The company’s 40-per-cent share of overseas revenues is now precipitating a huge rise in the company’s power of international engineering and machinery, Caterpillar.
Research Report: The New Products Division now has a high security margin, covering the first time, with a “strongly recommended” rating. Moving from active expansion to strategic contraction 2012-10-30
3. Trinity Worker (600031): Acquisition of Putsmeister, a world leader in the concrete-pumping and machinery industry
Three heavy jobs (600031): the risk of continued increased competitiveness is fully released.
The research assistant gives an overview of his research opinion. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.