Three-quarterly reports match expectations, Roe continues to improve.
▪ Income growth is in line with expectations, with the low season of dredgers exceeding expectations, with profits of $643 million, and three quarters better than market expectations. Corporate performance has continued to grow at a high rate since 2017, benefiting mainly from the increased use of engineering machinery as a result of investment in domestic infrastructure, urban networks, rural water construction and so on, while demand has increased as a result of the upgrading of stock equipment.
Among these, the main contribution to the growth of corporate revenue – the same sales in the excavator in January-September – has remained high. Although the rate of growth has declined, it has continued to be significant, with industry sales breaking again in September – the best sales in history except in 2010, an increase of 5,037 compared to last year.
Inventory machine clean-up, q3 combined Māori rate recovered significantly 30.13 per cent in the first three quarters of 2017, compared to +3.63 pct, where the overall Māori rate of the company rose mainly due to scale effects; the company continued to do so in the context of a general increase in raw materials such as upstream steel.
The long-storey machines operating in aircraft and concrete machines accelerated the price reduction in the first half of the year, after a clear recovery in the industry, and are now largely cleared, with a marked recovery in the q3 Māori ratio. After last year’s transfer of concrete machinery to a portion of the group’s claims and accelerated processing in the first half of this year, corporate risk is expected to be high.
The company's combined cost for the previous three quarters was 19.68% of total income (of which sales, management, financial comparisons were 5.28 pct). The decline in the company's management cost rate was mainly due to the dilution resulting from higher revenue growth, finance
The significant reduction in costs is mainly due to a significant decline in the size of corporate borrowing and a decrease in interest-interest expenditure. Assets at the end of the period were impaired by $657 million, an increase of $297 million over the same period, mainly due to an increase in bad debt readiness.
The balance of corporate accounts receivable is $18.7 billion, the ring is basically flat with an increase of $8.95 billion in sales, corporate credit sales and repayments are good. At the end of the period, inventory was $6.54 billion, an increase of $750 million, with little change in ring, and cash outflows from fund-raising activities were mainly for repayment of bank loans, long-term loans and short-term loans.
A three-pronged workforce: short-term placement in the middle- and long-term; a more robust financial structure for the company; a 2.6 pcc increase over the previous quarter in the company’s profitability and operating capacity and improved debt premises; and a continuous improvement in the company’s roe.
2. Three-time jobs: H2 sales will remain high  profit forecasts and investment proposals Growth and profitability recovery will be too predictable
Overall, the company ' s three-quarterly reporting revenue met expectations, profitability, particularly the Maori rate, increased significantly, the company ' s balance sheet was continuously repaired, and after this year ' s balance sheet repair was completed, performance elasticity resulting from the competitiveness of the company and the roe restoration was seen in the medium term, with net profits projected for 2017-2019, respectively
Three and a half heavy workers: seven and five heavy boats in the hands of the People's Army for the future. 4. Three and a half heavy workers in the country.
5. Engineering machinery: the excavator continues to grow.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board