An additional $86 million in overseas bills, internationalization is steadily advancing: on 15 November, the company signed an agreement with the Kuwait Engineering Construction Contractor for the purchase of equipment, to which the company will provide approximately $86 million in engineering facilities.
The equipment was purchased by the contractor for engineering and construction in Kuwait and will be used primarily for the construction of the Kuwaiti national infrastructure.
The company is a business card in China ' s equipment manufacturing industry, with a steady increase in overseas earnings: the company signed a total of $86 million, and overseas revenues are expected to grow. In 2016, overseas revenues reached 2,286 million, or 40% of the company ' s revenues. Of this, Pumay earned more than 700 million euros, in China.
The global market for concrete machinery is more than 40%. With the significant growth of the domestic engineering and machinery industry, the share of offshore revenues declined slightly, but the size of the revenues reached $5,799 million, a 25,93% increase compared to that of the 10 regions of the world.
The pace of internationalization has accelerated along the way: the first steps in construction are to achieve the interconnectivity of facilities along the chain of total equity/flow (millions of shares) and an increase in national infrastructure along the routes will drive products such as engineering and machinery
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) needs. Companies are determined to promote internationalization, deep-drawing “all the way”, overall industrial distribution and regional convergence across the area, with about 70-80% of overseas income coming from all the way.
State. On March 17, 2017, the company issued an announcement to change the use of remoldable funds, and the three-quarterly report (600031) was changed from the former Brazilian Industrial Park Construction Project to “a country along the road and an overseas market”.
As expected, the industry continues to grow at a high rate. The Project for the Development and Services of Excavators, “Project 512 for Military Engineers,” shows the firm's determination to accelerate the deployment of the region and its internationalization.
Three heavy jobs (600031) " Short term not expected " , there's room for an upscaling of the global champion Carterbil: the global engineering machine will be fully released in the future, without changing its medium-term trend.
The first Caterpillar has a market value of more than $80 billion, a static pb of 5.24 times, and the company’s current market value (600031), “Engineer’s Plumbings,” is widely feared that next year’s real-estate start could lead to a decline in demand in the industry.
We believe that the domestic engineering and machinery industry has entered a stock renewal cycle and that investment in fixed assets has increased - 2017/07/02
The speed is likely to decline, but the total investment and start-up levels remain high, the demand for renewal will be released and the volatility of the industry will decline significantly. On the other hand, as the pace of corporate internationalization accelerates, overseas income and share will rise, and corporate resilience will increase, contributing to corporate valuation.
Large impact: 3-quarter Māori significantly increased, performance exceeded expectations, 3-quarter Māori significantly increased and performance exceeded expectations
Industry research in the field is good at industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation. For more than six years in the financial sector, the representatives include Robot Trends, etc. Before entering the financial sector, they have eight years of business experience and have worked in areas such as engineering, machinery and automobiles, production technology, markets and strategies.
In July 2017, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre. The Centre, which joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre in July 2017, was good at bottom-up investment opportunities.
Research Center, September 2017, Allied Pacific Securities, good at capitalizing on investment opportunities based on industrial trends.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.