The end of the debt continues to be overstretched, and the dividends are recalcitrant, and the new value of the business is high. The Xinhua insurance has achieved a new business price of 2,423 million yuan in 2022, a ratio of 59.5 per cent, and a new business value of 5.5 per cent, which is mainly a recurrent epidemic.
And the effect of product restructuring is that the value of the new business is under pressure. In 2022, the company achieved a total premium of 30.3 per cent, 30.1 per cent of the gross dividends as a share of net return profits in the financial report, and a new risk channel showed pressure and a solid growth of the silver cover channel.
The company's insurance channel generated insurance revenues of $116,362 million, or 2.9 per cent, of which the long-term risk header undertook a virtual reform that reduced the size of the workforce: by the end of December 2022, the ratio of the insurance marketing model to 49.4 per cent to 197,000 people; and the average monthly eligible workforce of $45,000, or 45,000, decreased the same rate.
The company continues to accelerate the process of reform of its workforce, with a shift to “rejuvenation, specialization, urbanization” in the construction of a risk marketing team. Silver insurance channels: 43,931 million yuan, or +7.8 per cent, in 2022, of the company's silver insurance channel, which achieved premiums of 43,931 million, including the first annual premium of the long-term insurance.
Insurance channels continue to seize market opportunities, invest in the development of the pipeline and continuously optimize the mode of cooperation of the channel \triangleright 18.8 per cent, mainly affected by the deficit in the purchase and sale price of investment assets due to fluctuations in equity markets; total investments
2.1 pct. Corporate non-target assets are of good overall quality and risk is manageable.
The overall return on investment is still under pressure as the company pushes ahead with the reform of the channel.
In 2023, in the context of the recovery of economic activity online, we believe that corporate liability performance is expected to improve.
At a historically low level, it is recommended that attention be paid to: risk factors: agent builders are not as fast as expected; structural transformation is not as effective as expected; \triangleright
Figure 1: Gross premium revenue and rate of increase
In November 2019, he joined the Sindam Securities Research Centre, in 2022 he joined the Sindam Securities Centre to study the small and medium-market sector, and in 2019 he became a new analyst in the Sino-Girl industry.
Maester, Master of Economics, Shandong University, Master of Economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France, three years of experience in the non-banking financial sector, formerly employed in the Tianfeng securities, joined the Sinda securities in August 2022 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Zhang Kajing, Master of Science, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four years of actuarial experience in the insurance sector, June 2022
He has worked in finance, domestic electricity, and the non-golding industry. He has worked in Chinese banks, civil securities, and trades.
In November 2022, he joined the CSVC to carry out banking research. The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.