Weichai Power (000338 CH)
Key takeaways from post-results call
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB20.40
During the post-results call yesterday, Weichai expected the industry HDT
(Previous TP
RMB20.40)
demand in 2024E will be ~900k units (-2% YoY). Of this, China demand is
Up/Downside
23.6%
expected to fall by 10% YoY to 600k units while exports are expected to grow
Current Price
RMB16.51
20% YoY to 300k units. Weichai expects the LNG price to stay low due to
China Capital Goods
oversupply, which may help boost the demand for gas HDT. Meanwhile, high-
speed large-bore engine will serve as an important growth driver for Weichai.
Wayne FUNG, CFA
We maintain Weichai as our sector top pick. Reiterate BUY with SOTP-based
TP of HK$22/RMB20.4 for Weichai H/A.
Key takeaways:
Stock Data
Industry HDT demand. Weichai expects China demand in 2024E will drop
~10% YoY to 600k units, while exports will remain strong (+20% YoY to
300k units). In the long-run, the industry HDT demand (China + exports) is
expected to be 800-900k units per year. Weichai believes it will be less likely
Source: FactSet
for the demand to reach the peak level in previous years as construction
Shareholding Structure
truck demand will continue to be affected by weak property investment.
Natural gas HDT. Weichai believes LNG price will stay low as overall gas
demand is weak while supply growth is underway. Therefore, Weichai
expects gas HDTs will continue to see increasing penetration going forward
Share Performance
(CMBI note: Weichai had 65% market share in HDT gas engine segment in
2023, +6ppt YoY).
Fleet size of medium- to heavy-duty trucks. At present, the combined
fleet size of HDTs and MDTs reached ~9.6mn units. Of this, NES III or below
Source: FactSet
accounts for 900k units. Weichai expects the phase-out of NES III trucks
12-mth Price Performance
through government subsidies will boost replacement demand.
HDT industry consolidation. Weichai believes there will be only four major
HDT manufacturers in China after consolidation in the long-run. Sales
volume of HDTs could be ~150-200k units for each of them.
High-speed large-bore engine. Weichai has already achieved
breakthrough in this market and is competing with Caterpillar (CAT US, NR)
Cummins (CMI US, NR), MTU and Liebherr across the globe. The global
Source: FactSet
industry size of large-bore engines (500kW or above) in 2023 was ~80k
Related reports:
Weichai Power - 4Q23 net profit +58%
(+38% YoY), with a market share of ~10%. Driven by the strong demand
YoY; Payout increased to 50%; Higher
from data centre construction, the size of large-bore engines has been
earnings forecast on margin - 26 Mar
2024 (A: link) (H: link)
increased to 2MW, and will further move up to 3-4MW, according to
Weichai. Weichai also expects strong demand from the after sales market.
Capital Goods - Expansion of gas/diesel price spread likely to boost natural gas
The total industry size of large-bore engines is expected to reach US$20bn
globally.
(link)
(link)
Weichai Power – 4Q23E earnings surged
31-71% YoY, above expectation (A: link)
(H: link)
China Heavy Duty Truck - Multi-cylinder diesel engine sales +29% YoY in Dec - 15 Jan 2024 (link)
Figure 1: Weichai's quarterly results
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Note 1: Weichai owns 46.5% interest in KION, 20% interest in Ballard Power and 20% interest in Ceres Power.
Note 2: Share of JV/associates excludes Ballard Power and Ceres Power
Source: Bloomberg, company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Risk factors: 1) weakness in engine exports; 2) lower-than-expected replacement
demand; 3) an increase in component costs.
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.