Sangxi Coal industry: smooth operation, tons of coal, net profit up to 112 yuan, 6 per cent increase in the first quarter of 18 years, robust operation, high profitability, tons of coal.
The same-year increase of $1 to $112 per ton is a further increase of $2 over the 17-year period, and cost controls are excellent, with a 3% increase in ton coal costs, demonstrating better managerial capacity and goodwill. The current 18-year rate is only 6.9 times higher, close to the lowest historical valuation, and security margins are better, maintaining a buy-in rating.
In the first quarter of 18 years, the Sanxi Coal industry achieved net profits of 2,841 million yuan, a 6 per cent increase in the same year, a 19 per cent increase in the ring ratio and a 0.28 per share gain, mainly due to an increase in the volume of coal sales. In the first quarter of 18 years, operating income increased by 3 per cent, the ring increased by 9 to 12 billion yuan, and the cost of doing business increased by the same year.
The gross profits increased by 50% over the same year, and the ring fell by 8 to 60 million yuan. This led to a decrease in interest spending, with financial costs falling by 83 to 100 million yuan from 80 million in the first quarter of 17 years.
Using 860 million dollars in the first quarter of 17 years, there was a 51 to 420 million decline in the same year. Management costs fluctuated less, management costs increased by 8 per cent in the same year. Losses on asset impairments also fluctuated more, with losses on asset impairments falling by 58 to 120 million per cent in the same year, as compared to the same period last year.
Coal operations are largely stable, with a small increase in production and sales and a flat price of coal; cost controls are in place, with a 3 per cent increase in ton coal costs and a significant decrease in the cost rate over the period.
The increase of 3.5 per cent in the same year, the increase in business income of the coal plate was 3.7 to 12.1 billion yuan in the same year, and the increase in revenue was mainly positive because of the small increase in coal prices, from 0.3 to 393 yuan in the same year. The increase in operating costs was 6 to 5.4 billion yuan in the same year, nearly three times in 17 years.
The cost of the company is still under better control, except for the qualification of securities investment consulting business, in the face of a significant improvement in the position of Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd.
After a significant drop in the cost rate during the above-mentioned period, the cost of ton coal increased by only 3% to $175 on a year-on-year basis. Companies operate robustly, perform well, profits from ton coal continue to rise, and high profitability ranks among the top three sectors of the industry.
Capabilities and good faith. The growth of the company will be demonstrated in three quarters with the launch of the mini-bender.