A company review study — the coal industry, March 30, 2018.
This represents an increase of 53.71 per cent; the net profit of $10.45 billion attributable to shareholders in listed companies is realized, which is a significant increase over the previous year; (i) the main factor contributing to the decline in the four-quarter round of performance is that part of the cost is settled at the end of the year.
(ii) The price of the beneficial coal has been higher and the price of the company's coal sales has increased significantly over the same year, with the company selling 123 million tons of coal, a slight decrease of 0.83 per cent over the same year. This is mainly due to a decrease in the sale of the traded coal, a decrease of 25.66 per cent over the same period. During the reporting period, the company's coal prices were eliminated from the “one vote system”
The impact was $369.50 per ton, an increase of $136.31 per ton over the previous year, an increase of 58.46 per cent. Of this amount, home-grown coal was sold at $361.47 per ton, an increase of 62.39 per cent over the same period; trade coal was sold at $399.56 per ton, an increase of 53.05 per cent over the same period.
(iii) A healthy financial position with a declining asset-liability ratio (iv) a high potential for growth within the company, with Shaanxi Province as the main area for future increases in the coal market, and a strong regional advantage for the company
The company’s growth potential is enormous, and the company’s development of the mines includes mainly the mini-podang and Yuan Beach mines. The number 1 and 2 (all 8 million tonnes/year) have been approved successfully, and are expected to contribute to production in 2018.
According to this document, coal consumption is expected to increase by -1% this year, and the trend towards color cleaning is still clear. Coal production is expected to increase by 4.8 to 3.7 billion tons, with a faster rate of increase.
In 17 years, it accelerated by 1.6 percentage points, reflecting the government's intention to increase the supply of coal to flatten the price. A strong argument was made that the four main coal bases of Shinto, Jinbei, Huangbei, Xinjiang were the focus of future construction of approved capacity, and that three of the four bases were located in Shaanxi, which was sufficient to witness the contribution of Shaanxi to the increase, and that he had been able to contribute to the increase.
From a geographical perspective, Shaanxi Province has the advantage of distance from the main consumer markets, such as Shanxi, Innermont, and Kawasaka. The Jing-seong railway, which is an important feeder of the Monhua Railway, is now fully operational, and will be working with the Hong-hong Railway, the Red-Lemon Railway, and the other major consumer markets.
The elliptical railway is connected directly to the Monhua Railway, the Waj Railway, and the Oracle Line, the Great Qin Line, forming a large railway ring in the coal-rich areas of the north, with a strategy to achieve 100 million tons of high-quality coal in the south and the Tunganda Sea. (v) The new energy industry is actively deployed and an interactive system of “coal + light assets” is developed.
Since the second half of 2017, the company has gained approximately 9.95 million shares in the stock exchange through the Western Trust Single Fund Investment Trust for the Coal-Chuckle Industries, accounting for 4.99 per cent of the total shares in the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the company.
In recent years, Lungi’s shares have grown rapidly, with net profit of 2.9, 5.2, and 1.55 billion yuan in 14-16 years, respectively, and $2.24 billion in the first three quarters of 17 years. We expect that the company’s performance will improve steadily over the next few years as its new productive capacity continues to grow.
The market surplus was 7 x 6 x in 2018 and 2019, respectively, the lowest among the power coal taps. We maintain figures 3: Roe and Roa in the Xanxi Coal industry; Figure 4: Māori sales in the Xianxi Coal industry; Three rates; and net interest rates on sales.
Figure 5: Assets and liabilities and total asset turnover in the Xiangxi Coal industry