The impact of “stable prices” on the outbreak is focused on the transformation of Western China into Western coal power (000983.sz) Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
Events: On August 17, Western Hill Coal Power released its mid-2020 report, with a total revenue of $14.2 billion for 2020h1 (with the same impact of “stable and low prices” on the outbreak, focusing on the resilience of the fine. “buy-in” rating is maintained. During the first half of 2020, corporate performance survived the shock of the epidemic, resulting in a ratio of net profit to non-net profit earned by the mother.
The price of ton coal has been less affected by the epidemic, while the cost of reasonable corporate control has fallen by 3.6% and the cost of tons of coal has fallen by 25% over the period, with sales costs having fallen considerably (-42%) and “stable” prices having contributed to the impact of the epidemic, reflecting business resilience.
* Coal sales have declined, but the increase in the ratio of refined coal to the stable Māori rate has been supported by a steady increase in prices; coal production has stabilized, sales have declined, and the share of refined coal has increased. 13,490.38 million tons (same as 9 per cent/-20 per cent) were sold in 2020h1 and the decline in sales has dropped by 11 pct to 77 per cent.
This represents an increase of 1.7 pct to 47.4 per cent, which translates into a small decrease in the average price of coal in a stable ton of coal. In the first half of the year, the coker/tonne (same to 5 per cent) benefited from the company’s quality advantage of cokering. The cost of coal fell slightly and the cost of coal was stable. Ton coal cost is $276 per ton (same to 3.6 per cent), ton coal is $370 per ton (same to 6 per cent) and coal is stable.
57.3% (year-on-0.6pt). Māori power generation improved to 150 million yuan (pre-valued at $100 million), electricity sales stabilized; āori caramel fell to 200 million yuan (same-17%), and coke production sales remained almost equal.
• Economic recovery has contributed to improved performance, with Shanxi changing its profits to coal-coal taps, as domestic coal-cane taps, with coal-cane-quality moats, stable high sales prices and low-cost manufacturing, making companies resilient to the epidemic. With the acceleration of economic recovery in the second half of the year, the capital boosts coal prices.
Corporate performance may improve further. At present, the group securitization rate is low (only 29%), and as the Shanxi Coal Company moves closer and focuses on professional integration, mountain coke and mountain coal restructuring will lead to strong asset injections into expectations, with the hope of enhancing the firm’s hard power in the coal industry and looking at the company’s strong growth in the coal refinery industry.