The two-fold increase in profit sales peaked with a sustained focus on the core region.
Won, the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 19.17 per cent and 7.52 per cent respectively. The gross land settlement effect, with the Maori rate now at the bottom of the range, is expected to pick up steadily. The net home rate is properly controlled: the sales management cost rate of 1.70 per cent, down 0.63 ptt from the same period last year; and) the gains and losses of minority shareholders.
In the first quarter of 2023, the company reached first position and maintained its leading position, and the industry's leading position continued to be strong. Structurally, the core of the 38th-year extension of the top 5th-year-old fertilizer sales also reached $7 billion, and the supply advantage was gradually returning to the market.
In Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Chengdu Province, Qin Huai District, etc., the company took 16.21% of the land strength in the first quarter, a decrease of 21.39 pct compared to the same period last year, mainly due to the availability of the core cities in the first quarter of 2023.
We expect that the company will be able to increase its position as the supply of land rises and the market improves. In April, the company began to concentrate on the first wave of land in Shanghai, registering seven parcels of land alone, registering four parcels of land together, and eventually taking a plot of land in Boshan for $4,887 million independently and working with construction workers in Shanghai for $1,309 million.
A plot of land. In addition to increasing access to quality plots through collaborative filming, companies are expected to increase their capital strength by collecting and purchasing thousands of square metres, a decrease of 67.4 per cent from the first quarter of 2022, and a completion area of 5.16 million square metres, up from the same period last year.
Low-cost resources, with 3 bonds of $6.5 billion issued, with 2 nominal interest rates of 226% and 2.5 billion short cuts, were submitted for processing, and it was determined that the growth would be successful, with the prospect of further capital strengthening.
The company’s 2023-2025 ps is therefore expected to be a risk factor: real estate regulation policies are tightened or relaxed less than expected. The downside of real estate sales is ahead of schedule, and targeted increases are less than expected.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
After six years of research in the real estate sector, after a university master of finance, the components of the Sino-Kinjia Portfolio and the Sino-Liang Real Estate Collection, which have served successively in China, have not been, have not been or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.