Collections are stable in size, and the net return on the parent is affected by the cost of carrying over land. The company achieved operating income of \triangleright \$508 million in 2022, mainly due to the increase in the cost of single land as a result of structural changes in the carry-over project, which is carried over accordingly
The production market was under-exposed, resulting in investment returns on joint ventures of only $4,201 million, a decline of 32.26 per cent in the same year, and a decrease of 4.79 percentage points in the same year in the Māori rate.
\triangleright 38 city sales contributed 86%, up 8 percentage points, and ranked first in 26 cities, s01052111008
51 cities are ranked in the top three, keeping the investment firm and continuing deep-deeping in a two-line core city.
As the epidemic and consumption improves, sales and land markets may become stable each year, and we expect that in the context of industrial rehabilitation, companies will increase land acquisition in a second-line core city in 2023.
At the end of 2022, the company met the middle-green line criteria; at the end of 2022, the company had interest-bearing liabilities.
2. Pauly Development (600048.sh) In-depth report: Industrial consolidation drives internal growth, confidence-repair support sales return spring-20 investment proposal: companies as champions of finance continue to expand new sources of finance at the end of their investments.
\triangleright's access to the core of the second-line central city project is confident at the end of the sale. We predict that methodological and analytical logic will lead to conclusions, that the report will be presented independently and objectively, and that we will be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.