Researchchand developmentcenter core assets of the Western Coal East, with sound cash value highlighted
Grand Qin Railways (601006), reporting in depth that the core assets of the West Coal are well-run in cash, and that the value of the West Coal's National Iron Dragon is 100 billion dollars in profit.
The company was established in 2004 and landed on the market in 2006 to effectively control the ownership of the company.
The Eastern Taiwon Group, which accumulated an additional 149 million shares of the company from 2020 to 2021, highlighted the revenue generated by the services provided by railway transport enterprises and the commissioning of transport management services for other railway transport enterprises, as well as the operating income from the sale, maintenance, labour and handling of a small part of the materials.
Financial situation: $10 billion in profit cash flows, leading to solid dividends. Since 2017, the net profit from corporate repatriation began to stabilize at over $10 billion, and the net profit from the epidemic fell by 8.1 per cent to $11,196 million in 2022 compared to the same year, but the net profit from repatriation was realized in the year when the 23-year immunization policy was optimized.
Distribution of dividends: According to the 23-year equity allocation implementation announcement, the company found a gold dividend of $6,929 million, and the Shareholder Red Return Plan promised that, except in exceptional circumstances, the company should distribute the shares in cash every year, with the most recent increase and decline in January (%)
In return, the share of cash was no less than 55 per cent of the total net profit returned to the mother in the year, and, where possible, the central asset, the Great Qin line, which covers the area of the company's core asset, the Great Qin line, which is the country's first heavy-load railway, is 658 kilometres long, with only a mile of business.
In 2022, 155,000 km of national railway operations were 0.4%, but the volume of cargo accounted for 14.5% of national iron and coal shipments in 2022. Based on the Qin line of core assets, the company's headquarters opened several coal lines, and its current lines include nine main lines of transport such as the Qin line, the mouth spring line, the Ningjong.
8 feeder lines, including lines, totalling 2,582 km of operations. In addition, the company was involved in the east-west coal transport, and another “big artery” is a 41.16% share in the soybean railway, which is 594 km long, opened in May 2000 and is well run, contributing 2,468 million yuan in investment returns in 2023, representing a share of the return on investment.
97.2 per cent; increase in ownership of the Hoji railway in 2019 to 10 per cent, with a full line length of 1814.5 km, with short- and long-term prospects for a recovery in traffic, with three layers of security support at the end of supply, with 400 million tons of annual Qin line design capacity, as per the peak of May 2014 on a monthly basis.
1.31 million tons, with an annual cap of 479 million tons, corresponding to 422 million tons of cargo from Sinda Securities Inc. in 2023, with a relatively high capacity; and a peak of 451 million tons per year in recent years (2018)
In addition, in the medium and long term, there is still 6.3% of the power space available.
At the end of the demand, and in the case of individual coal transport routes, the transport needs of a main line are actually more dependent on the sale of coal-origin land. The source of coal on which the line is based is located in areas such as Sanbei Munxi, where the centre is dominated by the mountain west coal mine.
In addition, we look at the short-term recovery in Qin traffic.
To some extent, this has affected regional shipments (a combination of a combination of factors such as increased security, “triple” governance, spring holidays, production motivation affected by the downside of coal prices, and a 13.5 per cent decline in coal production in Shanxi Province, 24h1, corresponding to a 7.1-193 million-ton decline in traffic along the same line.
Implementation of the Work Programme for Stable Production of Coal in Shanxi Province, 2024, which saw the initial coal in Shanxi Province in March-August of the same month, has gradually narrowed and is expected to boost Qin Qin routes for rehabilitation; in the medium and long term, three layers of security are supported by a concentration of coal sources towards high-quality production areas, a change in the public-transit structure of commodities, and an advantage in line costs.
Since 2015, the State has granted rail transport enterprises some autonomy and has established greater flexibility.
In the future, as the railway network continues to improve, as diversified transport continues to advance, as efficiency gains deepen, and as marketized railway transport reform accelerates, the overall profit level in the freight industry is likely to increase. Since 2011, the prices of corporate freight have increased.
To the same level. Since then, the prices of companies have not been subject to a public announcement adjustment. Based on the current pricing mechanism, we believe that the public authorities may still have some room for upward movement of goods by rail, and, given the advantages of the Qin line’s own route range, we analyse the actual level of the ton-km transport rates implemented by the company or are expected to remain stable.
The Qin Railway is a leading company in the western railways of the National Iron Company, where, in terms of volume, there is a prospect of a steady recovery from upstream coal production, a concentration of coal sources to high-quality production areas in the medium to long term, and a public shift of bulk commodities in the short term.
Structural change, supported by three layers of security with line cost advantages; on the price side, based on the advantage of its own line range, we believe that the company’s transport rates are likely to remain stable. Moreover, we measure the company’s dividends relative to the maturity rate of the country’s debt, with a robust and high rate of return, with a first-time coverage rating of “increase”.
Risk factors: Macroeconomic fluctuations lead to less than anticipated coal demand; less than expected growth in the main rail routes for coal transport; less than anticipated cash-sharing; and more than expected, the Grand Qin Railway is the national railway leader for the west of the country, with the company's core assets 658 km long and only miles open.
This represents 0.4% of the 155,000 km of national railway operations in 2022, but the volume of cargo accounted for 14.5% of national iron and coal shipments in 2022. Future concentration of coal-source structures, restructuring of bulk merchandise transport and comparative advantage of coal transport backbones.
By allocating dividends in a way that is no less than 55 per cent of the total net profit of the mother in the year, and with the possibility of a medium-term profit distribution, we believe that the company is expected to maintain a significant red weight based on sound operations, looking at a high 1-west coal-carrying iron tap, building barriers to core assets.
The company is a leading company for railway coal transport in our country, a public platform for railway coal transport under the flag of the National Iron Group, and a pool of shares. The company actually controls the national iron group, the controlling shareholders are the Taiwon Group, which grew cumulatively in 2020-2021.
In addition, the company currently owns six holding subsidiaries, including four railways. Figure 2: The Qin Railway owns six holding subsidiaries, with significant shareholder capacity (as of 24h1)
1.2 Coal rail freight is dominated, combined with the TPS passenger transport operations The cargo is dominated, accompanied by passenger transport, and the income level is stable. In terms of income structure, the company mainly operates the railway passenger and cargo transport industry. Other income is derived mainly from the services provided by the company to other railway transport enterprises in the country, including, inter alia, the use of lines,
Transport management services are entrusted to other railway transport enterprises (Property of the Dassi, Jinshuru, Ta-China Silver Company, Al-Saku Corporation, Lu Ping Division, Pagoda Company, etc.), as well as a small portion of the operating income from the sale, maintenance, labour, handling, etc. of materials.
Freight operations: The company transports goods predominantly coal, including coke, cement, non-metal mines and iron and steel, wood, metal ore. In 2023, the company sent 726 million tons of goods, recorded revenues of $61.238 billion, an increase of 0.8 per cent compared to the logo, and shipped 621 million tons of coal in the shipping structure, accounting for 85.5 per cent of the total shipment volume of the company.
Figure 6: Coal senders account for more than 80 per cent of the company's total delivery of goods The revenue from freight operations (millions of yuan) - yoy (right axis) Passenger operations: The company is responsible for the transport of passenger trains belonging to the Taiwon Group.
In 2023, the company recorded revenues of $8,919 million, an increase of 119.0 per cent, and 42.84 million passengers, an increase of 1.3 hands on the central asset, the Great Qin Line, which covers the area.
Mainly, the West Coal Eastern Line, with its core asset, the Great Qin Line, builds the country's core coal transport backbone. The Tai Qin Line, the country's first heavy-carriage railway, and the national iron-class freight line linking Shanxi and Qinji Island in the north of China, carry the heavy burden of transporting coal outside Shanxi, Xinxi, and western Inner Mongolia. The line is 658 km long, with only 2022 miles of business.
155,000 kilometres of national railway operations, 0.4 per cent, but the volume of cargo accounted for 14.5 per cent of national iron and coal shipments in 2022. Figure 9: Geographical direction of the Qin line, based on the Qin line of core assets, allows the company to open up multiple coal lines.
The main coal transport industry is located in the interior of the coal resources, and the Ministry currently operates eight main transport lines, including the Great Qin line, and eight feeder lines, such as the mouth spring line and the Ningjong line, with a combined range of 2605 km. The North Combo Line is the most important coal loading line up to the Grand Qin line and the Fong Sa line, which transports coal through the Central Qin line to the port of Qin and the port of Cao.
The Ministry's main and feeder lines also contribute significant investment gains by controlling the south-west ring railways of the Hokang, Tai Hing, Tang Kong and Taiwon hubs through subsidiaries. The company's participation in the other “big artery” is 41.16% of the yellow railway, with a full 594 km line, opened in May 2000 and is sound and contributed in 2023.
Revenue of 2,468 million yuan, representing 97.2 per cent of investment earnings; in addition, the company increased its share of the Hoji railway in 2019, down 6.1 per cent from the same year (which we analysed mainly as a result of the increase in expenditure on major repairs to the Scholl railway), and contributed to the total profit of 140 million profit cash flows, which resulted in robust dividends.
With the rise in the coal climate since 2017 and the rise in the “public turnover” of major commodities, the annual net return profits of companies has increased steadily to over 10 billion yuan, with the impact of the epidemic falling by 8.1 per cent to 11,196 million yuan in 2022, but the annual return net profit in 23 years has been 11,930 million yuan.
In terms of the properties of the railway freight industry and the operating cycle of the Qin line (opened in 1988), the company has entered a steady period, with an annual share of over 50% since 2019. According to a 23-year annual equity allocation announcement, the company has found a gold dividend of $6,929 million, with a profit of 0.38 per share, with a red share.
Shares should be distributed annually on a cash basis, with a share of no less than 55 per cent of the total net profit earned by the parent in the current year, and long-term transport on the 2nd Qin line is expected to be robust, with sufficient capacity for 2.1 transport, and there is still room for medium- and long-term expansion.
There is still room at the company ' s power supply end, and there may be room for future growth from the distance between the start of the train, the length of the train and the weight of the vehicle: 1) the distance between the train and the train from the station, and the minimum time between the train and the next in the same direction, including the time of the front train leaving the first block and the time of the process.
The shorter the interval, the more trains can be sent on a single day. Since 2010, companies have accelerated the vehicle turnover by compressing the average tracking interval between 20,000 and 15,000 tons of trains to less than 13 minutes, the average tracking interval between tons of trains to less than 10 minutes, with a continuous reduction in the time interval and further improvement in the future.
The train's length is the length of the train's length. The longer the train's length, the larger the volume.
The ratio rose from 8.8 per cent to 72.1 per cent.3 The weight of the train: the weight of the train is the weight of the single vehicle. Other conditions remain unchanged, the heavier the load of the train is the greater the individual load.
c80 363,000, c76 410, c63a 258). c96 convertible was successfully discharged on the Waj Line in 2018. In the long term, there is still room to upgrade the Qin line model.
In 2023, 422 million tons of cargo and, in recent years, a peak of 451 million tons per year in 2018, 2.2 short-term shipments are expected to pick up, along with the mid- and long-term shipments along the “three-storey” to the bottom of the Qin line, which is expected to warm back at the upstream production end or lead to a return to the Qin line.
This has affected the region's transport situation (a combination of multiple factors, such as increased security, “triple” governance, spring holidays, low coal prices affecting productivity, and a 13.5 per cent decline in raw coal production in Shanxi Province, 24h1, with a corresponding decrease of 7.1 to 193 million tons compared to the same period). Shanxi Province has put in place a programme of work to stabilize coal production in Shanxi Province in 2024, a single month.
In the medium and long term, the energy structure of the country is still dominated by coal, which essentially dictates that the main focus of rail freight is coal, while the overall demand for coal transport is mainly linked to the overall demand for power from downstream fires.
In fact, the transport needs of a main line depend more on the sale of coal-sourced land. The source of coal on which the line is based is divided between areas such as Munxi, in the north of Jinn, where coal mines are dominated.
One of the three levels of security: restructuring of coal sources - coal sources continue to concentrate in Shanxi, Inner Mongolia, Xinxi and Xinjiang; since 2019, the National Energy Authority, in conjunction with the relevant departments, has been working on the disposal of 300,000 tonnes of coal mines/years of less than one year in accordance with the strict enforcement of the law.
According to the China-China Coal Industry Association, the number of coal mines fell from 10,800 in 2015 to around 4300 in 2023, of which 1.2 million tons or more of large-scale coal minerals annually accounted for more than 85% of the country, up from 5 percentage points in 2020.
At the same time, the regional concentration of high-quality production capacity has been increasing, with primary coal production in Shanxi, Inner Mongolia, Xinxi and Xinjiang increasing from 74.2 per cent in 2018 to 81.3 per cent in 2023, indicating the continued concentration of the country’s primary coal production, which is the highest in Shanxi and Inner Mongolia.
In this context, the concentration of coal-sourced land is expected to strengthen the regional advantage of the Qin line and further consolidate the company’s main protectorate. Third-tier security cushion: transport restructuring – the bulk of commodities “public railways” continue to advance.
The Plan calls for an increase in rail freight turnover to 17 per cent by 2025; and the State Council's Work Programme on Improving the Development of Multimodal Transport Structures (2021-2025), which calls for 90 per cent rail transport by 2025 of long-range coal and coke transport (over 500 km) in large industrial and mining enterprises in the main coal-producing area.
In addition, the National Railways Authority, the National Development Reform Commission, the Ministry of Eco-Environment, the Ministry of Transport and the National Iron Company jointly issued the " Implementation Programme for the Promotion of Low Carbon Development in the Railway Sector " , which aims to achieve a 22 per cent turnover of railway goods by 2030; and the " Opinions of the Central China Republic and the State Council on the Comprehensive Advancement of the Construction of Beautiful China " , which aims to achieve the target of the Railway Cargo Week, 2035
Transfers accounted for about 25 per cent of the total turnover. Catalysed by the bulk of commodities, the “trails” resulted in a national rail freight volume of 5,035 million tons in 2023, an increase of 1.03 per cent in the same year, and a national rail freight volume of 9.04 per cent, an increase of 1.44 percentage points from 2016.
This represents an increase of 1.43 per cent over the previous year of 3646 billion tons, and a national rail freight turnover of 14.72 per cent, an increase of 1.97 percentage points over 2016.
The railway freight billing unit is ton miles, so the higher the overall freight charge is the longer the same load distance. The four main routes to the west of the coal are the Tang Bo, the Great Qin line, the Sorang Line, and the Wazhi Line, from north to south. Of these, the Scholl Line operates with the shortest mileage, but we judge that the main recipient is the coal freight service of its major shareholder, the Chinese god, and the capacity of the Hong Kong port system.
Tensions (based on the Li Hung Army ' s Analysis and Optimization Measures for the Impact of the Port Capacity of the Hong Kong Coal Port Region, Huang Po Port Coal Design Capacity 178 million tonnes of Coal Port Area Coal Ship-loading Capacity, which has been maintained at around 200 million tonnes in recent years); Tang Packing Line, which operates at a distance of 1.29 times the length of the Qin Line, with higher transport costs, mainly for coal delivered in Mongolia and North China)
In the case of the North Coal, the Hoji Line is also as long as the North Coal Line, and the coal-sourced land is less heavily combed with the coal-sourced land.
The company’s major shareholders, Taiwon, hold 34.29% of the Watsi line, and the company itself has 10%, 41.16%, or better inter-line synergies. Looking ahead, considering the progress of market-based reforms in the railway sector and the company’s ability to integrate.
Good book money and cash flows, and we're analysing the company's future forwards or prospects for further progress in real time towards a high-quality iron national energy information platform, Ordos News, the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre,3 which would either implement government guidelines or have some room for upward movement.
Since 2015, the State has granted railway transport enterprises a certain degree of autonomy, introduced more flexible pricing mechanisms, increased price elasticity, and provided railway transport enterprises with a combination of government pricing and government-directed pricing.
Market demand, railway construction operating costs, etc., are creating a range of modes of transport that are reasonably priced, flexible to market, full of different customer needs, and floating pricing mechanisms that are rising and falling. In the future, as the railway network is better structured, diversified transport continues, efficiency gains are deepening, and market-based reforms in rail transport are accelerating, the overall level of profit in the railway freight industry can be achieved.
National iron prices are charged in the form of a flat rate and a specific rate.1 National iron prices are carried out in accordance with the provisions of the Rules on the Transport of Goods by Rail of the former Ministry of Railways (the Iron Transport Rules [2005] 46).
The calculation is based on the price per ton of cargo = base price of 1+ base price of 2 x kilometre of cargo, with base price of 1 to base price and operating price of 2 to base price. The National Commission for Reforms and Reforms and the National Iron Group apply different rates of freight for different categories of cargo, based on the benchmark rate for the carriage of goods by train, which was newly implemented with effect from 1 January 2018, and for the coal class of goods, number 4, base price.
The standard rate is $16.30 per tonne and the base price is 0.098 per kilometer. In December 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular on issues related to the deepening of the market-based reform of railway freight prices (promotion price [2017] 2163) and, as of 1 January 2018, incorporated the electricity surcharge charged for the Electrification section of the National Iron Uniform Shipping Line into the national iron consolidated shipment.
Prices are no longer collected separately, and the base price applicable for coal transport is adjusted from RMB 0.098 per ton to RMB 0.105 per ton per ton.
At present, companies transport coal along the Qin line, the Kyoto line, the Fongsha main line (coal on the direction line, at the point of arrival), along the line or on other lines of the company, with the exception of the National Development Commission ' s Circular on Adjustments to the Prices of Rail Cargoes for Further Improvement of the Price-Forcing Mechanism (Affirmation of Prices).
[2015] 183. At present, the company operates a special price on the main line of coal transport on the Qin line, the Kyoto line and the Fongsa line (coal on the direction line and to the point of arrival) and carries a fixed fee similar to the base price of 2, the latest rate of which is 0.101 ton/km (including taxes). In addition, the joint-venture railway does not carry a flat national iron price, which is carried out by the joint ventures.
Since 2011, the prices of public goods have been adjusted six times cumulatively. Of this amount, the company ' s prices have been increased four times in 2012-2015, bringing about an overall increase in prices.
After the company ' s prices were not subject to a public announcement, and based on the existing pricing mechanism, we believe that the company ' s rail freight prices may still have some scope for upward adjustment, and, given the advantages of the Qin line ' s own route range, we analyse the level of the ton-km transport rates actually implemented by the company or are expected to remain stable.
Table 5: Summary of historical price adjustments for railways in Qin 4 profit projections and valuation rating 1) assumes that the freight side adjustment will not be considered for the time being.
2) Considering the supply of and demand for coal in the upstream region and the transport along the Qin line, it is assumed that cargo traffic along the Qin line in 2024-2026 will be 390 million tons, 405 million tons and 410 million tons, respectively. 3) Taking into account the push of the bulk of the commodities “public transfer iron”, it is assumed that the other routes will have the same distribution of goods in 2024-2026.
4) Taking into account the stability of coal sources, it is assumed that the distance from each line of coal transport will remain stable. (5) Taking into account the prospect of steady growth after 23 years of flexibilization of passenger transport, it is assumed that the revenue from passenger transport will be the same as in 2024-2026) and a steady increase in passenger transport services, truck usage, repairs, rental of premises, etc.
2) Assuming that the cost of depreciation is maintained at the same rate as the average increase.) Assuming that costs such as materials, electricity and fuel are maintained at the same rate as the turnover of shipments, and that the steady improvement in the operation of the Hoji railway is leading to an increase in the return on investment.
Combining these factors of income, cost, investment returns, we expect that the company's net profit from 2024 to 2026 will be strong, with a high dividend value of 4.2 and a “growth” rating, and that the current absolute yield on dividends will remain significant. Without consideration of the adjustment in prices, the growth in corporate profits will be largely due to the fact that the company's profits will continue to grow.
The overall increase in the volume of rail lines under the pipeline is relatively robust; while the volume of assets, such as company rail lines and cargo vehicles, is stable, we expect relatively small capital expenditure requirements and regular harmonized settlements with the National Iron Group, so that the cash flow is robust and there is a high score in the East Red Return Plan, which commits the company to allocating dividends annually in cash terms, except in exceptional circumstances, with a ratio of cash in cash.
In the case of bonds, there is a high value for the allocation of dividends. In an environment of external liquidity, the market or interest is more favourable than assets; the high score of the railway at the level of Qin highlights the value of investment in its solid properties and the attractiveness of defence configurations.
The Qin Railway is the leader of the National Iron Company's Western Coal East, with a steady recovery in volume, with a steady supply of upstream coal in the short and long term, supported by three layers of security with a concentration of coal sources into high-quality production areas, a change in the structure of bulk commodities, and an advantage in line cost; and the price, based on the advantage of its line range, we believe that the company's transport rates are or are expected to be maintained.
From the point of view of the return on dividends, the Qin Railway issued an announcement on the Qin Railway's 3-year (2023-2025) Scheme for Shareholders' Rewards, according to which “except in exceptional circumstances, the company shall distribute the dividends in cash every year, the share in cash shall be equal to the share of the country's debt, with a robust and high rate of return on the country's debt due.
The annual transition period, assuming that the transition period ends to its highest historical level (7,280 million yuan in 2022), macroeconomic fluctuations in equity capital have led to less than expected demand for coal. A slower macroeconomic recovery could affect the overall demand for coal from large upstream raw materials, with some negative impact on the transport end.
Given the company’s ownership of its assets along routes such as the Great Qin line, and its participation in the Yellow Line, the Hoji Railway, etc., if the main coal rail line does not grow as much as expected, it may have an impact on the company’s performance.
If the special circumstances affecting the distribution of dividends occur, they may result in large areas of transport, such as cash distribution, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, and maritime transport. The new wealth component of 2021/202 is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.