The Center for Resource and Environmental Research (CRED) WalluHingl (600426.sh) Increased (first rating) WaruHingl, a coal-chemical industry with "focus" and "long love"
Accurate positioning, orderly development, extreme optimization, and the core competitive advantage of a three-dimensional construction company: the long-term focus on coal-chemicals since the inception of Waruhein, with the orderly extension of horizontal and vertical products around its core gasification platform; and the orderly deployment of gas-chemical production through advanced water slurry gasification processes
The expansion, the steady consolidation of corporate operations and the steady step-by-step development of the performance of enabling companies have been accompanied by full cost optimization around a wide range of production technologies, equipment, support facilities, and the creation of a low-cost front-end production platform that is not replicable and builds on the company ' s core competitive advantage.
In the company’s business layout, methanol is the key node for the deep processing of the former gasification platform and the latter product. With the optimal cost advantage of the previous gasification platform, as long as energy prices fluctuate reasonably.
In the middle, companies can guarantee basic performance space beyond the industry level, and through the relative advantages of primary coal purchases and the layout of downstream urea, methanol, acetic acid, organochlorine, etc., companies can also obtain sufficient profit space for extended products to reduce the impact of cyclical fluctuations on companies.
In 2017, the public administration’s new gas industry became operational and began a new phase of development. In the process of adjusting prices for upstream raw materials and downstream products, we believe that it is important to focus on the next three opportunities for companies:
• Operating: after extremely high cost optimization, high risk resistance, a very high-quality financial base, long-term robust cash inflows will yield effective high investment returns: Growth: the company ' s newly invested gas-based equipment is not being fully utilized and the company will be investing in the future
(b) Periodicity: in the field of gasification of companies, products are profitable elastic, and oil is located in low-grade tremors.
During the swing, short-term attention was paid to the magnitude of the decline in coal prices and long-term attention to the opportunities for reversal of oil prices. Crude oil price volatility risk: the risk of a significant deterioration of downstream demand: the concentration of ethanol in production brings capacity to production Logic
▪ In a cyclical industry, cyclical fluctuations in product prices caused by demand-supply mismatches will inevitably have some impact on the profitability of the business, but some enterprises can still rely on their own development for many years to slow down the impact of cyclical changes and achieve long-term business growth, as was the case with Warluhing.
One of the companies, a coal-chemical pole company, which has developed in the future through a highly optimized production process, has done research on a typically representative enterprise, and we have focused more on the most central elements of business development, which, in the face of a multitude of price changes, has been able to tap into the core of enterprise development.
Qualitative, in order to determine the future direction of the enterprise and seize the opportunity; and we also hope that, by looking at one such enterprise, we can create a new research path for enterprises with multiple product layouts that focus on the core of enterprise development, behind the price increases and falls of the end product.
Accurate positioning, orderly development, extreme optimization, and a three-dimensional build-up company’s core competitive advantage.
Product production networks: based on the orderly expansion of the gasification capacity of companies using advanced water-powder gasification processes, and the steady staircase development of corporate performance, the company conducts a whole range of activities around the technology, equipment, support facilities, etc. of production of products.
Cost optimization has created a low-cost front-end production platform that is not replicable, thus building on the core competitive advantages of companies and laying the foundations for firm corporate development. The deployment of gas-based products has both basic performance guarantees and sufficient flexibility space.
Started with a small-nitrogen fertilizer company to expand the industrial chain around gasification equipment, where methanol is the key node for the in-depth processing of the former gasification production platform and the latter product. With the former gasification platform poles, there is an optimal cost advantage, so long as energy prices are reasonably volatile, companies can ensure that they go beyond the industry.
The level of basic performance space, through the comparative advantage of raw coal purchases and the layout of products such as downstream urea, acetic acid and organochlorine, allows companies sufficient profit margin for extended products, from which to reduce the impact of cyclical fluctuations on companies and take advantage of profit opportunities at the industry stage.
In 2017, the company’s new gasification platform became operational, and the company moved into a new phase of development. In the process of changing prices for upstream raw materials and downstream products, we believe that the focus should be on corporate failure.
1 OPERATIONAL: The company, after a long period of configuration optimization, has gained the basis for steady business development, with a strong risk resistance, a very high-quality financial base, and a steady long-term cash inflow that will yield an effective and high return on investment:
2 Grown-up: The company’s newly constructed gasification equipment is not being fully utilized, and the company has sufficient space to extend the industry chain. In the future, the company will be investing 1666 million tons of precision peroxydipic capacity, 300,000 tons of amide and nylon new materials projects, through a more value-added product layout downstream, that the company will produce.
(b) 3 cyclical: in the area of gasification, the company's profits are centred on earning coal concessions, paying short-term attention to the magnitude of the fall in coal prices and long-term attention to the reversal of oil prices in the course of low-grade shocks.
I. Coalification poles, construction of long-activities development platforms in both directions, 1.1 years of intensive development in the field of coalization, starting with small nitrogen fertilizer, which for many years has been focused on the layout and growing into coal-chemical poles.
Nitrogen Fertilisers began their activities in the field of synthetic ammonia and urea production in the field of traditional coal-chemicals at an early stage, after which the company, based on gasification platforms, gradually extended its products to new coal-chemical fields through its main product, methanol, which, after years of intensive work, evolved into coal-gas production.
The company has been expanding its product operations over the years, from its original fertilizer operations to organamines, acetic acids, acetic acids, and adipic acids.
Multiple operations such as polyols, their steady layout and balanced development among the product groups have significantly reduced the risk of profit fluctuations associated with price changes for single products, creating a robust business layout. Since the production of ammonia as the basis for development, the fertilizer industry has extended the layout.
The two types of operations, i.e., the production of ammonia combined with gasification equipment, horizontally and vertically vertically: company-based urea, fertilizer based methanol, vertical extension of the chemical dual-line industrial chain, urea suburbic compost, melamine products, melamine downstream expansion of organamine, acetic acid, acetylene
(b) Horizontal: the company relies on the self-production advantage of synthetic gas (h2, co) for the purchase of benzene and acrylic adipic acids and polyols to form a multi-line production pattern.
Overall, the company's layout is based mainly on synthetic ammonia, methanol, and synthetic gas products produced by gasification platforms.
The expansion of the industry’s operations, with its basic gasification as its core, is closely centred on the precise development of its advantages. Compared to the expansion of many enterprises in the industry, the company’s operations are mainly built in an endogenous manner, in conjunction with its own development phase, and its research and development is carried out from the original methanol to the urea.
Organamines, acetic acids, acetic anhydride, adipic acids, nitrates, melamine, polyols, ethylene diols, etc. have been produced in a stable and stable manner, thus enabling the full interface and integration of new operations with their original business, while endogenous development strategies have given companies real access to rules in the process of growth and growth.
Fertilizer, chemical dual-line layout, combined production, flexible arrangements. After years of industry development, domestic industries such as urea and methanol have passed the rapid pace of industrial development, and products have become highly self-sufficient.
The cycle fluctuations of a product will result in a significant change in profitability. The company uses coal as its source, fertilizer through urea, methanol (synthetic gas) as its node, chemical dual layout, and, through the previous cogeneration of ammonia, the company can effectively adjust the product structure of the two routes in a flexible manner in line with market developments in order to reduce the single.
One area presents a risk of excessive product cyclical fluctuations and stabilizes corporate corporate corporate profitability. 1.3. Sustained growth over the long term, with an orderly expansion of production, builds on the solid foundation of gas gasification platforms and steadily and orderly layouts.
In 2002, after three stages of development, the company was moving towards a higher development platform:
(b) On the other hand, the introduction of new gasification technologies, starting from the source, has led to the construction of a gasification platform for companies to follow up, which has fundamentally consolidated the company's development base;
Phase II, vertical extension of production lines: companies adjust and expand gas-chemical production lines, while using new front-line production capacity to gradually increase the range of business products, produce line layouts such as acetic acid, adipic acid and polyols, most of the products are largely self-sufficient in raw materials, and small amounts of benzene and acetylene are purchased.
The production of diacids and polyols has significantly increased the development space of the company, creating a complex synergy.
One million tons of gas-chemical energy. On the basis of integrated platforms, the company optimizes production technology, replaces existing gas-gasification equipment, ammonia production equipment, urea synthesis equipment, space partition equipment, etc., using new processes to improve energy efficiency, reduce costs, and consolidates the company’s core strengths.
The staircase is robust, and the release of new capacity leads the company to a new stage. Companies are well organized in terms of business development, providing, through a forward-looking business layout, the first stage of a new stage of production when the product is fully developed, effectively expanding the company’s development space and creating an effective cycle support.
After phases I and II, the company successfully expanded the space for development, while phase III focused on strengthening the foundation for business development and the corporate business base as a whole. In 2017, the company ' s traditional industrial upgrading project provided the company with an additional 1 million tons of former ammonia production capacity to provide it with a new stage of its future development.
Figure 7: Companies have been steadily expanding their production over the years, and the industrial chain has been well-developed and flexible to cope with risks. After three stages of orderly expansion, the public administration has developed a better product production profile.
The production of 3.2 million tons of ammonia is already available, and production is regulated in synthetic ammonia, methanol and synthetic gas, with 2.6 million tons of fertilizer, 250,000 tons of dmf, 160,000 tons of DNA, 500,000 tons of acetic acid, 200,000 tons of polyols and 550,000 tons of ethanol in the latter sector.
Diversified products, centralized raw materials, benefit from years of focused work in the area of gasification, and the Department can adapt production planning in a timely manner in a situation of volatility in the profitability of the product, with a strong productive spirit that effectively protects against the risk of price volatility of the single product.
II. A solid foundation for excellence, building a great cost advantage of 2.1, the advantages of scale combined with technological adaptations to build a leading advantage from the source, and the four major gas projects built the infrastructure for the development of the industrial chain.
Some of the fixed-bed airlines can only satisfy the original 180,000 tons of methanol and 50,000 tons of synthetic ammonia, but as the company expands its capacity and size, the company’s gasification capacity will need to be increased. Through the national production of large-scale nitrogen fertilizers, localization of raw materials and power restructuring, acetic acid devices.
The expansion of the production capacity of four major projects on new energy-efficient processes and the upgrading of traditional industries and the integrated use of cleaner production has resulted in the generation of more than 600,000 m3/h of gas and a significant increase in the original coal processing capacity, which has established a solid basis for the construction of multiple production lines in the latter sector.
Continuous expansion and replacement of capacity, and building of scale advantages for effective support companies. From the start of the large-scale nitrogen fertilizer project, the company introduced large-scale water gasification equipment capable of producing single stoves above 50,000 m3/h, which is five to six times the capacity of the old system. Gasification is the source of follow-up production by the company.
At the head, ensuring the continued efficient operation of source equipment is key to the company's production process, which often requires back-up equipment to be replaced and repaired at any time. As the company's multiple large-scale equipment continues to be invested, the unit input cost of the equipment is significantly reduced and the company is “one-size-fits-all” in the production process.
Switching to `Multiple One' significantly improves the efficiency of equipment use, effectively reducing the production costs of products and generating good scale effects. Advanced technology layouts provide the basis for continuous adaptation to maintain a leading advantage.
With the adoption of a leading water slurry stream bed production process, the slurry method replaces existing smoke-free coal with abundant and inexpensive domestic reserves, significantly reducing energy consumption in terms of electricity, steam, and lower overall energy consumption in terms of synthetic gas than the dominant market-based fixed-bed production process.
About 15%, with a clear competitive advantage. The company replaced all of the previous gasification equipment with industry-led multi-pesser water gasification processes, which led to a steady and efficient production of energy efficiency.
Some of the chemical industries have been managed by “into the park”, and the second wave of the Texas Canal, where Waru Hisung is located, has been determined. Due to the special nature of the location, the Walluheung plant area is located on both sides of the west road, and new equipment for the Acetic Acid Conservation Project is located in the west plant area, while the rest of the equipment is located in the west.
Mostly in the eastern part of the plant area. After the traditional industrial upgrading project, the company connected all gas-emitting equipment to the pipeline, achieved a single synthesizing gas layout, took advantage of its geographical location, established a single central control, and, through integrated control of the production pace of downstream products, the company was able to significantly upgrade the synthesic gas.
Use efficiency to improve the production capacity of downstream products without increasing the input of gas-gasification equipment. 2.2. Supported construction continues to be improved, multiple barriers to competition are strengthened, railways are constructed to replace air transport, and transport advantages are enhanced. Companies used to use dual rail and automobile transport.
By the end of 2017, the company's dedicated Luhingl railway line was successfully launched to transport the company's products and raw materials.
At the same time, rail transport has been very stable in the procurement and marketing of products, effectively avoiding gas belts in a state of environmental degradation in the provinces and cities.
As the company expands its operations, the use of steam is increasing, and the company acquired it in 2009 on the basis of its own heating equipment.
In 2015, the company phased out all small boilers that had been put into use prior to 2000 and built a large boiler of 480t/h in conjunction with the company ' s project.
The boiler and the by-product steam in the production of the product, the company-wide supply of steam, the company’s own supply of steam. Through the integrated layout of the company’s heat and power, and continuous supply upgrades, the company has effectively reduced the cost of heat, steam and electricity, and has continued to generate revenue and boost the company’s profits.
In 2016, the company built a large-scale space-based equipment using advanced energy-efficient production processes, replacing two of the original small-scale equipment, thereby effectively reducing the energy consumption of the equipment and expanding its capacity.
The company’s eastern and western regions and the new ones are not entirely adjacent, but very close to each other, and the company is extremely well placed to coordinate control. The company’s “nodes” in the operational layout are clear, the previous paragraph is based on the use of water pulp production processes, the fair share of co, h2 gasification: the Chinese company uses synthetic ammonia,
Co-processing of methanol, which coordinates the share of fertilizer, chemical mains; in the later stages of chemical production, products such as methanol, downstream layout organamine, acetic acid, ethanol, etc., can be used to adjust the start-up load of different products to the profitability of the product, and can be achieved on a stable customer basis.
Over the years, companies have continued to promote product control and platform coordination, increasing product production efficiency and system synergy through web-based product layouts, creating highly effective internal control and platform coordination advantages.
2.3 In-depth participation in project construction and technology development, resulting in effective positive and circular participation in project construction, internalization of construction capacity, and continuous equipment modification.
With a national production rate of more than 85%, a range of technologies, such as multi-pesser-to-pump water syrup, have been successfully used in industrial production. At the same time, companies have continued to expand their projects in a variety of products such as acetic acid, ketamine/hexacetic acid, ethanol, etc., and are deeply involved in the construction of projects, as a result of which they have internalized their processes, equipment, etc.
In the follow-up process, not only can it be effectively expanded, but it can also be followed up through technological research and development, retrofitting and upgrading of equipment, reducing production costs and upgrading the quality of products.
During this process, through technological research by cooperating parties, production processes that have mastered a wide range of products are continuously absorbed and gradually internalized into the company ' s own technology and the basis for the continuous extension of technology; on the other hand, the company does not stop making technical inputs, technological upgrades and improvements on the basis of existing processes, with catalysts and catalysts.
There have been effective breakthroughs in synthetic methods, product energy consumption, etc., which have resulted in a dual upgrading of technology and equipment with autonomous knowledge, creating an effective positive cycle. The company has been able to expand and internalize technology through self-help in the construction of equipment; it has been built on a project basis, and has continued through technological research and development.
Improving the process, reducing energy consumption, and never helping companies upgrade the project.
The company uses methanol, synthetic ammonia (mainly dry urea) as a key node for chemical and fertilizer production in order to allow for continuous extension of the industrial chain and flexible regulation of the end product, which is the primary base of coal-based products and has gradually become a key development in the coal-chemical industrial chain.
As a result of the deployment of our resources, which are “more coal, less oil, less gas,” the country has had to import oil and gas in large quantities. The continued development of the coal industry is also a development strategy for the country, which is highly dependent on imports of hydrocarbon resources.
Costs continue to be optimized, competition patterns improve, and overall industry development will continue to improve. 3.1, bottom adjustment in the methanol sector.
Methanol production is up to 70%, and this share is increasing as the future capacity of coal head methanol continues to rise. About 60% of methanol is produced globally using natural gas as the main raw material, and it is precisely because of the apparent difference in the raw material used for methanol production, both in the sea and in the sea, that energy is the source of energy.
Price changes have changed the comparative advantage of different raw material production processes, thus expanding the market for profitable spatial production of enterprises, and the impact of demand in traditional areas has diminished. In recent years, with the continued development of the methanol industry, the downstream application of methanol has changed dramatically.
Traditional applications, including formaldehyde, acetic acid and dmf, declined rapidly from 67 per cent to 32 per cent. Emerging applications, including mto/p, fuel becoming the largest application market, developed and matured for industry, market demand for methanol gradually stabilized and priced.
Market demand in traditional areas has stabilized over the years, and demand growth in formaldehyde products has slowed significantly due to toxicity, while market demand for diaether, mtbe and other products such as acetic acid have been reduced from limited application areas.
Greater concentration, good synergies among producers, and a better overall level of profitability. Thus, the market for traditional applications of methanol has, overall, matured, the market was less sensitive to prices, price changes were largely effective in the industrial chain, and the influence on methanol prices diminished.
Figure 19: Share of downstream applications of methanol in 2013 Figure 20: Share of downstream applications of methanol in 2017
Impact. The share of mto (methanol-based acetylene) in downstream applications in the country is currently close to half, and the output of ethylene and acetylene is mainly used for apps, pe-polymerization, but from downstream pp, pe-polymers. Acetylene is the main demand area for methanol, but methanol is not the main source of acetylene, so methanol is therefore not the main source of acetylene.
The price of ethanol is difficult to transmit effectively to downstream HC4 products, but the state of mto downstream will greatly influence the demand for methanol. In the last few instances where mto marginal gains have been negative, the market has been able to restore mto's price differentials through the return of methanol prices, thus enabling downstream start-up.
Remediation, recovery of demand, and the reverse impact of oil prices on methanol through downstream hydrocarbon products.  The dual role of the emerging application of mto-cum-fuels, where methanol is significantly more relevant to oil prices, is more expensive than major vehicle fuels such as gasoline, diesel and ethanol, which are used as cleaner fuels.
However, market demand for methanol continues to rise with the advancement of methanol modification technology and the promotion of methanol cars. Given the good economics of methanol, it is possible to go a long way with fuel oil at a high level.
The increase in the hidden demand for methanol increases the price volatility of methanol when fuel oils are high. Overall, methanol has been added to the mto chain of conduct and fuel correlation, it has been gradually introduced into the chain of industry, where crude oil is the main feedstock, and methanol has significantly increased its correlation with oil prices.
Figure 23: Methanol associated with changes in crude oil prices
Overcapacity has led to a marked improvement in low-price competition, and marginal costs within the industry have increased in support of prices. The two sharp declines in methanol prices have been largely reduced to marginal costs, and the moods of this methanol fell sharply in October 2018 as oil prices fell.
After the production cost of head methanol, there is very little room for going down, and we're judging that the methanol industry has started to adjust at the bottom, along with the price down at the end of the raw material, and the oil price of the associated material has rebounded, and the methanol price is expected to begin to warm up, and the product price differentials have begun to recover.
The pattern of growth in the methanol sector has improved continuously, and its long-term development will be relatively orderly. According to the performance of the methanol industry, after several years of adjustment, the methanol industry has increased its start-up rate from 2017 onwards, its production capacity has improved and its structure has improved.
More than 6 million tons, of which more than 70% are complementary, and 70% of the additional production of methanol in 2019, which has a relatively limited impact on the supply and demand of the methanol industry. In the long run, the construction of projects for the coal industry is very demanding in terms of project size, technology, emissions, energy consumption, industry.
Some provinces even have uniform targets for upgrading their production capacity by replacing the region's backward production capacity, and it can be expected that the future development of the methanol industry in the country will be relatively orderly in the long term and that industry will continue to improve.
Figure 27: Changes in the start-up rate of the methanol industry Chart 28: Changes in the production capacity of the methanol industry (tonnes) in the preceding period have a very high cost advantage, which has effectively reduced the company ' s profit-making risk in the methanol production sector.
Coupling the technological advantages of gasification in the previous period by reducing raw materials requirements through water slurry technology, replacing smoke-free coal with tobacco produced by Shandong, using railways for the transport of products, and continuously upgrading and improving product packages to optimize production costs across the board. It can be said that companies are using the advantages of gasification platforms in the previous period.
The cost of the production end of methanol is in the lead, and even under the industry, companies are able to earn more than the industry, effectively reducing the profitability risk of their products. Oil prices are booming, and the methanol industry is expected to get out of the valley, benefiting the company.
Global oil prices have fallen rapidly, and the market mood has had a strong impact on the methanol industry, which by December had dropped to the bottom. Since 2019, oil-producing countries have gradually reached agreements to reduce production, and implementation has been better. International oil prices have rebounded, causing the methanol industry to cool down.
In this context, the methanol industry has gradually recovered its mood, the market has returned to supply and demand patterns, and downstream sectors such as mto have sufficient margin of interest, and the methanol industry is expected to emerge from the lowlands, from which companies will benefit.
Coal urea is the main source of domestic production, yet the fixed-bed process is dominant and relatively expensive. About 70% of urea production in the former world is based on natural gas, while in China urea accounts for only 22% of the total, while coal urea is the main market.
Coal urea is the dominant product, but there is still a wide gap between different production processes. In the country, nearly 70% of the products produced in coal head urea are made by fixed-bed processes, with higher requirements for raw materials, and less costly advanced gas flow bed processes have not yet been fully replaced.
After many years of development, the country’s urea capacity has been increasing, and by 2015 urea overcapacity is evident and downstream demand is difficult.
Effective digestion has led to a significant increase in industrial stocks. In 2016, about half of the country ' s urea-sized enterprises were in a state of loss, while almost all of the urea-sized enterprises were in a state of loss.
In 2017, the urea industry phased out its backward capacity, the social stock was gradually digested, the supply of urea and the demand for urea became more evenly balanced, and the prices of urea began to rise in the second half of the year, with the industry warming.
Intra-industry policies of cyclical fluctuations, tightening environmental requirements and de-productivating capacity: tons of urea production gradually exited from the industry, urea production was about 51.44 million tons, a decline of 11.6 per cent compared to the previous year, production continued to decline for the third year in a row, and industry supply showed a clear downward trend, according to me.
The country ' s 13th Plan foresees that by 2020, the proportion of synthetic ammonia flow bed processes in the country will rise from 24 per cent to 40 per cent, that the production line structure of coal-headed urea will be optimized, that the fixed line of the country ' s bedlines will continue to be phased out, and that the long-term new gasification project will be subject to strict national approval, hence the expectation
The supply pattern of the industry is expected to improve over the long term. Agriculture is largely stable in the urea market. Industrial applications are increasing demand. In downstream urea applications, agricultural fertilizers occupy the main market, accounting for 67%.
However, agricultural output has been rising, but in the face of growing population pressure, the pressure on land to increase production remains. Fertilizers are one of the keys to the increase in land production, making our agricultural demand for fertilizers ten percent. In recent years, the country has made great efforts to increase the efficiency of fertilizer use, and urea use has been negligible.
In addition, about 28 per cent of the country ' s urea is used in industry, including man-made panels, melamine, melamine, melamine.
urea for cars, devulcanization for power plants, etc. The market for downstream panels is still growing, although the rate of growth has slowed slightly, but demand for urea has increased. Meanwhile, with the introduction of the National Six Standard, emissions from vehicle tail gas have increased further, with single diesel cars using urea tail gas.
Industrial demand continues to grow in downstream applications of urea, while the agricultural sector, despite a slight downward trend in demand, has limited short-term impact and overall, the country's urea downstream demand is expected to continue.
The pattern of supply and demand in the industry continues to improve, with a long-term development basis. In the process of synthesizing urea, urea has to undergo the synthesynthesis of the previous period and then process the urea, and because the synthesotile gas is shared by the synthesynthetic gas, it has a certain “alternativeity” in production, and I have a high price correlation.
The difference in prices of urea is split by synthetic ammonia, compared to the difference in prices of urea as a whole, and the difference in prices of synthetic ammonia-urea in the latter part, after excluding the effects of the previous correlation, is a more accurate response to the supply and demand patterns of urea on the market. As can be seen, in 2016, after the price difference of urea fell to the low end, the price difference of urea in the second half of urea fell.
With the gradual exit of the sector’s production capacity, the latter price differentials are rising in step by step, and the industry’s pattern is improving. Meanwhile, in the fourth quarter of 2018, urea’s price support was more pronounced in the face of a sharp fall in oil prices, which did not appear to be a rapid drop in coal-chemical products such as methanol.
The overall price differential for the plant remains at a relatively good level and the business still has a good profit margin. Figure 36: Changes in the price differentials for synthetic ammonia and synthetic ammonia to urea (m/t) Figure 37: Maintenance of the high urea price differential for the gas flow bed process
The company’s fertilizer business is expected to be relatively stable, with a cost advantage that opens up ample profit space for the company. The public division has been working on fertilizer production until it is marketed. After more than 20 years of layout, the company continues to optimize fertilizer such as urea, upgrades and replaces equipment, and leads the production technology industry.
By optimizing the layout at many years’ cost, companies have significant advantages in terms of energy consumption, the use of raw materials for transportation, supporting facilities, and co-management, allowing them to gain more profit than the industry average. And the urea industry as a whole is still on the right track, the company’s product-costing industry leads, and the company’s fertilizer business leads.
IV. Multi-product cross-programming, extension of industry chain-up value-added space 4.1, high concentration of acetic acid patterns, and robust industry overall
Like most of the chemical products in the country, the domestic acetic acid industry has, over the past 20 years, made an effective transition from a highly import-dependent to a fully self-sustaining product. With the rapid expansion of domestic acetic production, domestic production has taken over the world.
More than half of the production capacity has created a strong industrial influence. And since 2014, the domestic acetic acid industry has experienced a marked slowdown in its capacity growth, a relatively smooth period of development, a steady rise in demand and a smooth overall supply and demand that has created a favourable market environment, with sufficient production in the past.
Use, slow utilization of capacity and increased profitability of the industry. Figure 38: Changes in the capacity of the country's acetic industry (tonnes) in 10 years. Figure 39: Construction of the domestic acetic industry.
The industry is highly concentrated, and the synergies guarantee basic profit margins. After a long period of market consolidation, the domestic acetic acid industry has developed a relatively concentrated market pattern as a result of market innovation, the former acetylene acetyldehyde, the ethanol ethyldehyde method have been phased out, and the methanol oxidation method has gradually become dominant in the market.
Mainstream firms are growing in size, with a high concentration of industries. At the same time, there is good synergy among industry enterprises, and a stable product development environment enables firms to effectively control the pace of the market, maintain a high level of profitability for their products and have ample scope for profitability.
Figure 41: Changes in the price differential for acetic acid products ($/tons) Figure 40: The ratio of the market for the acetic acid industry in 2018 to the country's old offshore installations and the elasticity of the acetic acid industry in the event of accidents.
For nearly 20 years, the development of acetic enterprises abroad has been very long, and the early supply of acetic acid is needed globally, and the country will still have to import acetic acid to meet market demand by 2010. In 2011, the country’s new production capacity was rapidly released, and the acetic acid product was exported in large quantities, followed by a boom in domestic production of pta downstream.
In 2015, 2017 and 2018, the production of acetic acid abroad was affected by unexpected factors and the supply was significantly affected by the ageing of installations abroad, the installation problems and the high incidence of accidents.
Acetic acid exports have increased significantly, resulting in a rapid increase in the price of acetic acid and a rapid increase in the profitability of products.
The market for acetic acid is more concentrated, there is good corporate synergy, and acetic acid can ensure a more stable level of basic profitability over the long term: while the production of acetic acid abroad is old, unexpectedly frequent and unexpectedly short of international supply, adding to that of acetic acid.
A new energy-efficient process improvement project for acetic acid devices was carried out in 2012, with full upgrade of production equipment and expansion of capacity to 500,000 tons, resulting in a fundamental increase in the level of profitability of products. Over the years, companies have continued to upgrade and upgrade acetic acid processes, optimizing production costs and raising them.
The profits from acetic acid are now higher and support the firm’s steady performance, effectively increasing the company’s profitability through a business extension in the lower methanol sector. Figure 44: Corporate business earnings and profits from acetic acid and derivatives (millions of dollars)
Figure 43: Prices of corporate acetic acid products and Māori levels 4.2, ethanol technology matures and scale effects are expected to reduce costs A steady increase in the downstream polyester market has led to a sustained increase in demand for ethanol.
Polyesters, which account for more than 90 per cent of the total, are the most important applications of ethanol. With our polyesters, the combined rate of production of downstream polyesters increased by about 7.75 per cent by 2018, downstream products grew steadily, and market demand for ethanol was boosted and the market for ethanol continued to increase.
The long-term dependence of ethanol on imports is expected to drive the future process of domestication of ethanol. With the rapid development of the domestic downstream polyester industry, about half of the world’s polyester production capacity is located in China, creating a large market demand for ethanol. However, early high-quality ethanol products are mainly based on oil.
The raw materials, the oil resources of the country, the production of ethanol are not adequately configured, the main production capacity is concentrated in petrochemical enterprises, the technology for domestic coal products is not yet mature, production capacity is not being effectively released, domestic production capacity is severely inadequate, and most products are dependent on imports to meet production needs in the downstream industrial chain.
In recent years, however, as domestic petrochemical companies continue to build capacity and the domestic production of coal-based ethanol has been supplemented, domestic production of ethanol has gradually increased and product self-sufficiency has increased, and it is expected that ethanol domestication will continue to advance, creating sufficient room for self-sufficiency.
Oil prices are relatively low, and the ethanol industry has been through the cycle. Currently, we are still heavily dependent on imports, and international production of ethanol continues to be based on petroleum products as the main raw material, so ethanol prices are highly correlated with the price of cerebral oil. In late 2018, crude oil prices continued to be consistent.
The price of ethanol fell sharply to lower industry levels as a result of the fall. Oil prices are now at relatively low levels, international prices are at lower industry levels, coal-based ethanol is significantly reduced, falling to a historically low level, and the ethanol industry has experienced low cycles.
2012:12:31 There are still significant differences in coal-rich technologies, and new entrants still need time to stabilize production. Since 2016, the country has been running a large number of ethanol projects in the interior and will gradually enter the productive energy release period by 2018.
However, lower ethanol downstream polyester production requires a higher purity of ethanol, and the earlier coal impurities of the products make it difficult to cut into the market for high-end products. After many years of continuous input, coal-based ethanol technology has made an effective breakthrough, but there are still significant differences between enterprises.
Some of the inexperienced new projects will still take time for technology to collide and produce, and the productive release of ethanol will still take time. Given the low profitability of coal-based ethanol products at this stage, new production is expected to take place.
Limitations on profitability, e.g., release of capacity or delay. Chart 50: Projected changes in our future capacity of ethanol (tonnes) Figure 51: U.S. capacity utilization of coal ethanol (tonnes)
On the whole, coal-based ethanol is not yet entirely substitute for oil-based products because of its quality constraints. In the case of low-quality products, ethanol is well supplied and under pressure, while high-quality products are affected by low-to-low price oil prices, low product prices, prices of ethanol are close to coal costs, short-term enterprises
At the same time, as some new entrants are not yet able to move into the supply chain of the downstream high-end polyester industry, there will be greater pressure on product sales. Ten thousand tons of ethanol were built, successfully built in 2012, and the product is of high quality.
After five years of marketing and layout of products, companies already have a wealth of production experience, and products have been successfully introduced into downstream polyester customer supply chains, with a good customer base.
The 500,000 tonnes of ethanol project was built, and in the fourth quarter of 2018, the company began to produce ethanol production, which was tested, stabilized production, and gradually supplied to downstream polyester clients.
At present, the company’s start-up rate on new ethanol production lines is around 90%, production is stable, and the advantages of scale are gradually emerging. Although ethanol is located in the short term at a low point in the industry, prices are close to the cost of coal production in some of the industry’s industries.
However, with technological improvements and management integration, the company has been able to optimize its cost-side well, maintaining the profitability of its products and smoothing through the industry. 4.3, organochlorine, adipic acid products, combined layouts have been effective in increasing customer stickyness.
dmf has matured and operates fairly smoothly. After the rapid expansion of the production capacity of domestic firms in the past few years, the dmf industry has reached a stage of maturity, the production of products has remained stable, the production of enterprises has been relatively orderly, and the industry as a whole has been stable.
By and large, production enterprises are highly concentrated, with the top six firms accounting for close to 90% of the market, and enterprises already have a more stable market layout.dmf downstream is mainly used in the fibre optics industry, with about 60% or more of the products used in polyurethane slurry and 2% in polyurethane.
The price sensitivity of the end to the product is limited. After the period of expansion, the price differentials for dmf products in the country are limited, the dmf product is the company’s dmf layout, the industry’s leader for many years, and the organochlorine business is profitable.
Initially, dmf production started, and after years of expansion, the company ' s dmf production was in the top position in the industry, with greater market influence. In the organicamine production chain, the company produced diamamines for the production of dmf, for the outward sale of triamethamine, with a relatively small volatility in the overall organamine business.
This is mainly used for the production of pulp, soles of shoes, nylons, etc., and is one of the main ingredients in the polyurethane chain.
There are less than 2.5 million tons of adipic acid, some of which are in a state of long-term shutdown, with a low start rate in the industry as a whole, at 5-60%. Starting in 2010, the company built nitrate capacity, using hydrogen gas in synthetic gas as a feedstock for outsourcing.
Benzene is produced as a adipic acid, and in 2013 the company further expanded the production capacity of nitric acid and stabilized its production base. For years, the company has laid out products for dmf, accumulated a wider range of downstream polyurethane clients, while the company has also laid out products such as diacid, polyols, etc., and enriched the procurement of downstream products.
Demand not only addresses the market for its own products, but also increases customer stickyness and stabilizes the company’s cooperative relationship with downstream producers.
5.1. Operationality: solid foundations, robust layout, cost advantages to secure basic levels of profitability, multi-dimensional build-up cost advantages, and basic profit spaces in the case of industrial cyclical fluctuations.
Several dimensions of governance have created a powerful platform for advantage, based on the cost advantages of the preceding period, and companies have led the product cost control industry, which, even if it moves into a cyclical downturn, has been able to achieve a profit level beyond the industry, thereby guaranteeing the company's basic profit margin.
The company connects gas-gasing equipment to integrated management, the fertilizer industry double-line layout, and the chemical product cross-production. Diversified product layout can effectively reduce the price volatility risk of a single product, while the company is flexible.
Effective production regulation can enhance corporate profitability to a greater extent. After many years of development, the company as a whole is better supported by performance and still receives more basic performance guarantees in the midst of cyclical fluctuations, good cash flows, and a sound and long-term development base.
5.2 Growth: The former has sufficient capacity to produce gas, sufficient scope to extend the industrial chain, and sufficient scope to develop into a new phase. Over the years, the company has grown steadily, with the expansion of the former ' s capacity and the company ' s performance taking a step-by-step approach. In 2017, the company ' s traditional industry developed.
The upgrading and cleaner production integrated utilization project was put into production, adding about 1 million tons of ammonia production capacity, providing the Division with a sufficient supply of the former synthetic gas. At present, the company, in addition to satisfying downstream production, still has about 40-500 million tons of synthetic gas for methanol out-sales, and the company still has sufficient gas-chemical capacity.
There is still room for increasing corporate profitability through product expansion and layout. The cyclohexone-hexamide-nylon 6 operation and the lymphosic acid project extend the industrial chain uplifting for profit.
The project for the extension of the production capacity of cyclohexone for the development of ammonium and new nylon materials, which lasts 30 months and invests $4.98 billion, will build capacity for the production of 300,000 tons of amitamine, 200,000 tons of acetic acid, 200,000 tons of nylon 6 slices, 480,000 tons of ammonium sulfide, etc., extending the existing product chain and layout high-value-added products.
The Quality Improvement Project for Precision Diacetic Acid, based on previous experience in the production of this substance, built up 1666 million tons of high-quality adipic acid production capacity using advanced and sophisticated technologies to meet the demand for diversified products downstream and to enhance the profitability of the company as a whole.
5.3. Periodicity: There is sufficient elastic space for products, support companies take advantage of cyclical opportunities Methanol as a core product of the chemical industry ' s layout, energy price combinations increase profitability. Methanol is the core product of the chemical industry in the public sector, and as the domestic methanol industry compares.
In particular, the price changes for raw coal and associated crude oils, which cut into the oil chain using coal as raw materials, will have a greater impact on the profitability of methanol products, raising the company as a whole to a short-term interest in the fall of coal prices and a long-term interest in the recovery of crude oil prices. Coal is an important energy for the country.
The development of source products and industries is partly influenced by macro-level factors, but on the supply and demand side of the market, winter is the country’s peak in coal use, the demand for coal is high, domestic coal prices as a whole are high, and the demand for coal, such as heating, is decreasing with winter.
The cost will be reduced and the profit margin will return; and in the long run, the combined impact of the crude oil price of methanol will be strong, as attention can be paid to future increases in the profitability of the rise in crude oil prices.
▪ Based on the current state of the company's layout products and our prediction of the future development of the industry, the following projections of the performance of various parts of the company's business:
The industry's overall pattern is positive, the fall in prices has had a limited impact, the level of profitability remains good, high profitability is maintained, and other chemical products are at an appropriate level of profit due to the fall in previous prices Production and marketing of products: half a million tons of urea recovered in 2019 from the company fertilizer functionalization project
The compost project will be put into production and the production of fertilizer will increase gradually. The company’s production of 500,000 tons of ethanol in the fourth quarter of 2018 will reach a high-load start-up level in 2019, which will result in a substantial increase in the production and sales of some of the polyols.
▪ Based on the valuations of comparable companies screened by a share, coal-processing enterprises averaged 9.31 per cent in 2019, fertilizer enterprises averaged 21.93 per cent in 2019, and integrated companies accounted for the share of fertilizer and chemical industries
▪ The risk of a sharp drop in oil prices: the company's intermediate product methanol is more correlated with crude oil prices, and the price volatility of crude oil will lead to a sharp drop in downstream products, which will squeeze the product to a greater extent; the risk of deterioration in downstream demand: products such as methanol, urea, etc., are bulk products.
Observing the impact of the economy, if downstream demand clearly deteriorates, will result in shrinking market demand and a rapid excess supply of ethylene ethanol under product prices: 500,000 tons of ethylene ethanol newly created by the company in 2018 will be produced, and if domestic ethyl ethanol is released too quickly, production will be released significantly.
The excess supply of ethanol in industry carries the risk of a drop in the price of the product.