The extension of the industrial chain drives endogenous growth, benefiting from a massive rebound in oil prices.
Company profile: Quality Coal Chemical White Maroon Head, still growing rapidly. The company now forms synthetic ammonia 3.2 million tonnes/year, urea 1.8 million tonnes/year, compound fertilizer 600,000 tonnes/year, dmf250,000/year, acetic acid.
Production capacity of 500,000 tonnes/year, 160,000 tonnes/year adipic acid, 550,000 tonnes/year ethanol, 300,000 tonnes/year nitric acid, 034051,266.2 million tonnes/year polyols, 100,000 tonnes/year melamine and 50,000 tonnes acetic anhydride/year has been successfully developed to:
In the first quarter of 2019, the public revenue was 3,543 million yuan, an increase of 3.03 per cent in the same year and 0.98 per cent in the ring; the net profit of 642 million yuan, a decrease of 12.51 per cent in the same year and a rise of 32.40 per cent in the ring.
It's a typical "ttm" analysis. The company's profitability is clearly better than that of the same listed company over the years.
The December maximum price is positive, but inevitable, as determined by the underlying factors of the enterprise, which became the December lowest price.
Companies can emerge from the industry’s core competitiveness. Here we look at the company’s underlying factors: (a) the technological advantage’s cost advantage; (b) the company’s use of advanced clean gas technologies allows the company to use lower-priced coal (brown coal) as its main raw material for production; and (c)
Firms have a strong interest in reducing efficiency gains and achieving further reductions in their production costs through technological and technological changes, optimization of production processes, improvement of production efficiency and reduction of energy consumption. 2, “one-way” industry chain advantage, flexible production, maximizing benefits. 3, Corporate cost control capacity, company-time costs, etc.
On October 9, 2018, the company announced that the 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol production unit had been fully connected to the process in the near future, reaching 70% of the production load.
In addition, in March 2019, the company's new materials project (300,000 tonnes/year) was built for a 30-month construction period, and is expected to generate business investment proposals on an annual basis. With clean gas technologies, the company focused on the integrated use of resources.
The circular multi-lined economy flexible multi-product business model can be adjusted in a timely manner in line with changes in product markets, and production patterns and product structures can maximize benefits. Companies are expected to have an eps advantage in 2019 and 2020, maintaining a company’s “recommended” investment rating.
Hualu Heungl, a leading sponsor of the company, was co-sponsored by several other major Shandong countries, with a change of stock system in 2000 and listed in June 2002. The company’s main business was the production and sale of urea, which, after expanding the scale of its products, extended the industrial chain and focused on cleaner gasification technology.
The combined use of resources has created a “one-line” flexible multi-production business model for the circular economy. Major operations include the production and sale of fertilizers and chemical products, including urea, acetic acid and derivatives, dmf, adipic acid and intermediates, organochlorine, ethylene diol, etc.
Ten thousand tonnes/year, 500,000 tonnes/year of acetic acid, 160,000 tonnes/year of adipic acid, 550,000 tonnes/year of ethanol, 300,000 tonnes/year of nitrate, 200,000 tonnes/year of polyol, 100,000 tonnes/year of melamine and 50,000 tonnes/year of acetic anhydride have been successfully developed into a large, competitive coal-chemical industry in the country.
Companies take full advantage of the multiplicity of co-opts, adjust production patterns and product structures in a timely manner in response to market changes, and dig deep net profits of $3.02 billion, 1.47 times higher than in the same year: net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies minus non-recurring gains and losses of $3.011 billion, 1.45 times higher than in the same year; net cash flows generated per share of operating activities of $1.86 were realized.
urea prices have increased significantly since September 2018, and the Department has increased urea production. Corporate fertilizer production in the fourth quarter of the year rose by 57.94% over the same period, and sales by 52.25% over the same period. In the first quarter of the year of the year, public revenue was 3,543 million yuan, an increase of 3.03% over the same period.
Growth of 0.98 per cent; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $642 million, a 12.51 per cent decline in the same year, and lower prices, a major reason for the decline in corporate profits. In the first quarter of 2019, the production of fertilizer, organochlorine, acetic acid and intermediates, acetic acid and derivatives and polyols was 627.2 million tons, 90.9 million tons, 84,000 tons, respectively.
The company's profitability is significantly better than that of its kind of listed company, where most chemical products were underpriced, overcapacity, and many businesses were either at a loss or at a loss, while the Wallu boom was still able to maintain a better profit, which is typical of “trail-train power”. In 2018, the company's net asset rate of return.
Up to 28.33 per cent and up to re-innovation. Figure 5: Walluheung up against Roe in the same industry. Figure 6: Walluheen up versus Mäori in the same industry.
It's not an accident, it's a necessity, it's an inherent element of the business, and it's an inherent element of the industry that Wallu Hisung-Il can pull out of the industry.
Here, we analyse the underlying factors of the company in several ways: (a) the technological advantage achieves the cost advantage of the company; (b) the “multiline” industrial chain advantage, flexible production, maximization of benefits; and (c) the ability to control the costs of the company. (c) The technological advantage achieves the cost advantage of the company.
One of the key points of the Walluheung-up chain is gasification, the core production technology of which is synthetic gas gas gas gas gas gas, which is the main step in controlling production costs at the same time. Gasification technology refers to the transport of properly treated coal into reactors such as gasification, at a certain temperature and pressure, by means of oxidizers (air or oxygen and vapour) in a certain mode of movement (movement).
The company uses water slurry gasification techniques to replace the traditional gas-making techniques of the ugi fixed-bed gasification process.
Multi-spray (four nozzles) water syrup and gasification technology is a pressured gas flow bed process. The gas furnace of this technology converts the Tesquila single nozzle to a rectangular multi-jet, enhancing heat transfer, and can have a carbon conversion rate of more than 98 per cent, about 2.2 per cent lower than coal consumption and 6.6 per cent less than oxygen consumption, while regulating loads is more flexible than single nozzle furnaces.
Advanced clean gas technologies use relatively low-priced coal (brown coal) as the main production feedstock, while the industry uses the traditional fixed-bed process in large quantities, is forced to use smoke-free coal at higher prices, and the domestic price of smoke is lower than the price of smoke-free coal at 300-500 yuan/tonne, so that the cost of HALCO is significantly lower than the industry average, and the company uses it as a means of synthesizing gas.
Production costs for synthetic gas-producing products such as urea and methanol are lower than industry averages, as corporate products have a higher Māori rate than industry-like listed companies, and companies are focusing heavily on reducing efficiency gains and continuously improving production efficiency through technological adaptation and optimization of production processes.
In April 2016, the company issued an Investment in Space Sub-Mechanisms for Energy Efficient Technology Improvement Project, which is intended to invest in 5.06.
Hundreds of millions of dollars are used to upgrade the energy-saving technologies of the air sub-devices. The company ' s existing 1# and 2# space sub-devices are complemented by large-scale nitrogen fertilization technology adaptation projects and the coal localization and power restructuring of raw materials, both of which are home-grown devices with smaller production levels, low equipment levels and high unit output operating energy consumption, resulting in higher oxygen production costs.
When the project is completed, the energy consumption and fresh water use for single-bit oxygen products will be significantly reduced. After the completion of the construction of the project, standards will be saved on an annual basis.
In December 2017, the company announced the launch of a project to upgrade energy-efficient technologies for air sub-devices. On 26 August 2014, the company announced its intention to invest in a project to upgrade traditional industries and integrate cleaner production;
13.68 billion nm3 base synthetic gas (co+h2) production units (approximately 1 million tonnes of ammonia synthesis capacity) to replace synthetic gas production units using traditional gi stationary bed gasification technologies can further reduce feedstock coal and utility engineering consumption and effectively reduce environmental pollution. On 9 October 2017, the company announced the upgrading of traditional industries and the integrated use of cleaner production.
3.2 The advantage of the “one-line” industrial chain, flexible production, maximization of benefits The so-called “one-line” is led by clean gasification technology, based on synthetic gas production, combined with intermediate products such as ammonia, methanol and co, which can be further processed to produce end-products such as urea, carbon monochemicals, silicon synthetics, etc.
In this production model, raw materials are used for high levels of use, with little waste generated, all gas from coal head is used for the production of products, and the cost of the various products is spread over the benefits of the materials.
For example, synthetic ammonia and methanol can be adjusted to produce urea at high urea prices, urea at high acetic acid prices, and urea at high urea prices in 2016.
urea production is largely unprofitable when it falls by 1,200 yuan per ton, and companies can start urea at the lowest rates, while adding methanol to production, reducing methanol extraction and achieving cost savings; the prices of urea rose significantly in September 2018, and companies increased urea production. In the fourth quarter of 2018, company fertilizer production increased by 65.48 million tons, a significant increase of 57.94 per cent;
These co-productions, which are highly market-linked, have resulted in a particularly high rate of combined use of company raw materials, strong synergies, maximization of benefits and, to some extent, smoothing of the impact of industrial cycle fluctuations.
3.3 Corporate cost control capacity. Corporate cost rates are significantly lower than industry averages. In recent years, company-time costs have been around 7 per cent, with management costs around 2 per cent. This rate is very low in the manufacturing industry as a whole, reflecting the very good management of the company.
Capacity. In 2018, for example, the cost for the duration of the company was 4.50 per cent, compared to the industry, i.e. Hubei, Rusi Chemical, i.e. 9.51 per cent and 2.59 per cent, respectively, of the comparable company, Lusi Chemical, and Rusi Chemical (the first three quarters). The equivalent of only half of the cost for the public sector was comparable to the industry, which was particularly important for the realization of profitability in traditional overcapacity competitions.
(b) Acetic acid: Acetic acid Acetic Acetic acid, ethanol, etc.
The current market price for ethanol (median price) in the east of China is RMB 4630 per ton, the average price in 2018 is RMB 7232 per ton and the average price in 2017 is RMB 7103 per ton.
HSD: The latest price for HSD (median price) was 8,100 yuan per ton in the east of China, an average price of $10746 per ton in 2018 and an average price of $10152 per ton in the east of China in 2017.
Figure 14: Market price for adipic acid: Brent crude oil futures at $73.73 per barrel on 23 April, a significant increase of 45.5 per cent over the December 2018 low point of $50.68 per barrel ring. New York crude oil futures prices at $66.18 per barrel on 23 April, lower than December 2018
Coal industry prices are highly correlated with crude oil prices, and they lag behind. As crude oil prices rebound, prices for coal industry products such as acetic acid, ethanol, etc., are gradually stabilizing and rebounding.
Recent production and proposed construction projects: 70 per cent steady operation, 70 per cent load, high-quality production and pilot production, following investment of more than $500 million in the company ' s 50,000/year ethanol project and depreciation per ton of products under the 500,000 ethanol project
The cost will be significantly reduced, coupled with the effects of scalation and improved production efficiency, and the company’s future cost of ethanol is expected to be significantly reduced. ethanol products are mainly used in the production of polyester resins, anti-frozen fluids and adhesives, paint solvents, cold-resistant lubricants, surfactants, etc.
The production of ethylene from methanol and pyrecephalates, which are oxidized, hydrated and synthesized ethanol; the coal-based ethanol consists of direct (synthetic gas-ethanol) or coal-based (synthetic gas-ethanol), indirect synthesis (synthetic hydrocarbons, herbate, etc.) and biomass-based biomass. The ethanol is dominated by the ethylene process, which accounts for about 70% of the total production capacity.
In recent years, through research, adaptation and operation of the 50,000-ton/year synthetic tail ethanol conservation project, the company has acquired full access to synthetic gas ethanol production technology. As can be seen from the graph below, the coal ethanol industry, Julu, is one of the coal companies.
The highest rate of start-up was recorded in Henglium, where the company began work at a time when the 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol project came into operation, but with the stability of the installation, the company currently has an ethanol start-up rate of 80 per cent and production is very stable. - Work start rate: ethylene diol (non-ethylene method): ethylene henlium - start rate: ethylene diol (non-ethylene method): Xinjiang Xinjiang industry - start rate: ethylene (non-ethylene method): Golden Coal.
Crude oil prices rebounded sharply, ethanol prices are expected to rebound gradually. Total crude oil prices rebounded sharply since December 2018, with the latest Brent crude oil futures and New York crude oil periods rising by 41.2 per cent and 51.9 per cent respectively.
After that, ethanol prices are expected to rebound gradually as crude oil prices rebound sharply. The import substitution space for ethanol is heavily influenced by inadequate supply of ethylene raw materials and inadequate coal-chemical technology, and a long-term supply of ethanol in the country.
In 2007, ethanol production was 2.08 million tons, yielding 1.82 million tons, using 87.5 per cent; in 2017 it was 8.37 million tons, yielding 5.83 million tons, and using 70 per cent of the capacity. Although domestic ethanol production expanded more rapidly, however, due to the expansion of capacity, mainly coal-based ethanol, the equipment was not stable due to poor technology.
Production, product quality below polyester standards, and domestic production of ethanol remains low. Domestic production of ethanol was 1,051 million tons in 2018. As new domestic production of ethanol does not meet the rapid increase in downstream demand, ethanol was seen to be consumed in 2016.
Our imports of ethanol amounted to 8.72 million tons a year, an increase of 15.3 per cent in the same year, and 60 per cent of our imports. In 2018, our imports of ethanol amounted to 9.81 million tons, an increase of 12.6 per cent in the same year.
In March 2019, the company announced that it would invest 1,572 million yuan in the construction of the Quality Improvement Project for Physics. The Quality Improvement Project for Physics was based on benzene, using advanced and mature production techniques, and that it would build 1666 million tonnes/year Dhysodiac Acid production units, accompanied by cyclohexol devices and corresponding public works.
An average annual operating income of $1.986 billion is expected, with a total profit of $296 million. 70% of the domestic use of adipic acid as a polyurethane raw material and the rest as a nylon 66 and a plasticizer. With the rapid economic development of the country, the demand for polyurethane has expanded in a large number of applications and applications.
There will be a growing demand for the different quality of HSD products from downstream products, and demand for high-end HSD products will become more apparent. But the current number of producers with alternatives to HDI imports in the country is not yet large, and there is a gap between the quality of products and high-end HSD products from abroad.
During the next phase, the producers competed for the key tools of the market. 3) In March 2019, the company announced an investment in the development of the HFA and nylon new materials project (300 000 tonnes/year).
The project is based on benzene and hydrogen gas, using advanced technological techniques, building a chain of cyclohexol and epoxy (polyamide) slicing, and building an integrated new material industry base. The construction period is 30 months, and the project is completed with the production of 300,000 tons of oxymethamphetamine (of which 200,000 tons are self-employed), 200,000 tons of meth acid and 200,000 nylons per year after delivery.
Tons, 480,000 tons of ammonium sulfide, etc.. The business income is expected to be 56.13 million yuan a year, with a total profit of 446 million yuan.
The use of silk, industrial silk, carpet wire, engineering plastics and food-packaging film is widely applied in the areas of automobiles, ships, medical products, daily goods, electronics and electronic components. Global consumption of endemide continued to grow rapidly in 2018, with global total consumption expected to be around 6 million tons, mainly from China.
There are three main areas of total consumption: nylon 6 fibres, engineering plastics and film, and nylon industrial silk, of which nylon 6 fibres for civilian use account for about 54 per cent of the total consumption of nylon. In recent years, nylon engineering plastics and membrane have been growing faster in the country, with consumption of lymphetamine accounting for about 24 per cent.
By relying on clean gasification technologies, the company focused on the integrated use of resources, creating a “one-way-by-one” revolving economy, a flexible multi-manufacturing business model that adapts production patterns and product structures in a timely manner to changes in product markets and achieves the most benefits from the “market index” reference of this rating system, which is 300 index depths.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.