"One" cost advantage combined with "multiline" flexible production to help grow robustly in the medium and long term.
1. Multilined and flexible production, with core competitiveness The company has been promoting technological upgrading over the years, building on water-powder gasification technology, and increasing the cost advantage of clean gasification platforms, thereby making all gas equivalents.
At the same time, the company’s product structure has been enriched, and its diversified business structure has helped it to smooth its profits through product restructuring. The company’s competitive advantage in a flexible, multi-lined gasification platform will be further highlighted as the firm’s core competitiveness.
Since the fourth quarter of 2018, prices of other products, except urea, have fallen to varying degrees, and the prices of acetic acid, adipic acid, dmf, and recyclol have recovered to varying degrees since 2019, as international oil prices have warmed and downstream demand recovered. The company’s cost advantage from a flexible model of “multiline” production has created a wide safety margin for products.
3. Increase in low-cost escort performance of coal ethanol. The company ' s 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol project was put into production in October 2018 and currently has 90% steady operation and quality at polyester level.
With years of accumulated experience and the cost advantages of gasification platforms, companies can benefit fully from import-substitution market space, leading to an increase in their performance. 4. New and old power conversion power is growing in the near future, and second-stage equity incentives are demonstrating confidence in development.
The company’s campus, certified by Shandong Province, produces 1.5 million tons of new green chemical materials per year, is selected for the first class of high-end chemicals in Shandong Province, with a wide scope for long-term development and strong growth of new dynamic energy. At the same time, the second stage of equity incentives has been awarded, with the key interests tied to show confidence in the company’s long-term development.
1, multi-lined, flexible production, core competitiveness, 2, selected product price rewinds, cost advantages to build a safe margin: urea 2.1: high climates continue, output expands to improve performance
2.2dmf: Industry leader maintains a competitive advantage of 2.3 acetic acid: supply and demand are tight and prices are expected to stop falling back by 2.4 axial acids: industry is depressed and has no cost advantage
2.5 butrocol: The trend towards a climate recovery remains, with a shift to maximization of profits3 and an increase in low-cost coal-based ethanol escort performance4 and long-term growth of old and new kinetic energy conversion relays4
Pacific Securities 1. Multiline, flexible production, core competitiveness.
When the company was founded, it was mainly in the production and marketing of urea, and after years of technological integration and optimization, it relied on clean gas.
To transform the platform, it has now achieved a “one-and-one-line” cycle of flexible economic multi-manufacturing that has become its core competitiveness.
The company's main products are fertilizer, methamine, adipic acid and intermediates, acetic acid and derivatives, polyols, etc.
1.1 The company's “one-line” development process is multi-lined: based on clean gasification technology, with synthetic gas production as a platform, intermediate products such as synthetic ammonia, methanol and co-production, which can be further processed into end products such as urea, carbon monochemicals, synthesynthesis, etc., in which products can be flexibly regulated, and
(a) Maximizing the combined utilization of resources: 230,000 tonnes/dmf capacity in 2007; 300,000 tonnes/year acetic acid capacity in 2010;
In 2012, 50,000 tonnes/year of ethanol production and 160,000 tonnes/year of adipic acid production; In 2013, 200,000 tonnes/year of polyol production; In 2017, complete the traditional industry upgrading and cleaner production integrated use project;
In 2018, 550,000 tonnes/year of ethanol production and 100,000 tonnes/year of melamine production.
One — advanced clean gas gas gas platform, low-cost industry low valleys (3.2 million tons of ammonia production capacity)  as the industry-wide recognized lowest cost of coal-chemicals, adopted improved Tesco high-pressure water gasification technology, converted a single nozzle to a pair of four nozzles, reinforced heat transfer, with carbon conversion rates of more than 98 per cent and reduced to varying degrees compared to coal consumption and oxygen consumption
Based on this technological advantage, the company uses low-cost coal as a gas feedstock, changing its coal consumption structure to a steam-driven major equipment, and using energy more efficiently. In combination with the company’s leading management advantage, the coal transport cost advantage of dedicated railway lines, and the production of downstream products from gasification technology platforms, the company’s core competitiveness has gradually expanded.
▪ The company’s cost of urea is estimated to be about $200-300 below the industry average, and other high-connectivity products such as dmf, acetic acid, ethylene diol, etc. The company’s Māori rate and net interest rate are still significantly above industry standards in 2015 and 2016, even as the industry enters the low-end period.
It's still possible to maintain a reasonable profit-centre level with cost advantages. Chart: The technological advantage of water pulp gasification is clear.
1) In the Fertilizer Functionalization Project, a modified and upgraded synthetic ammonia and urea device was successfully put into production in May 2018 and 500,000 tonnes/year urea compound was suspended.) 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol project was put into production in October 2018 and is now 90% stable operation with a mass of polyester level 3)) and 50,000 tonnes/year of melamine II was put into production in December 2018 and is now fully operational.
Between 2001 and 2010, the company invested cumulatively $8 billion in the construction of the country's first home-grown facility for nitrogen fertilizer, which will make dmf the world's first production, the creation of acetic derivative plates and the creation of two major technological platforms, namely, clean gasification and synthesizing;
In the period 2011-2015, the company invested a cumulatively 7.5 billion yuan in the construction of a diversified, flexible co-production system for products with clean gasification as the flagship; In 2016 to date, the company has been actively transforming, phasing out and upgrading relatively backward synthetic ammonia, urea devices, completing the traditional industrial upgrading and cleaner production and co-utilization project, connecting the three main gasification platforms, significantly increasing their size, efficiency and safety and increasing their resilience to risks.
1.2 Firms grew robustly in the first three quarters of 2018, with higher prices and operating income of $10,849 million, a 27 per cent increase over the previous quarter; net profit returns, a 2.535 billion gain, a 172 per cent increase over the previous quarter; and a fall in performance due to demand for product prices and price differentials, and build-up installation repairs, but still a decline in performance in the fourth quarter.
The company won $14,357 million in 2018, +37.94% of the year, a net profit to the mother of $30.20 billion, and a large “one-line, three-head” product structure until the current “one-line, one-head” revolving economy flexible multi-production model. Currently, corporate products include fertilizers, organamine, endurants, intermediates, acetic acids, derivatives, polyols, etc. Business income and Māori share.
Balanced. In 2018, the turnover of fertilizers, acetic acids and derivatives, organamines, polyols, adipic acids and intermediates was 20.4 per cent, and companies performed multiple co-production advantages and production synergies, adapting product structures in a timely manner to market changes, inter-product, inter-system and inter-park co-productions, with a combination of benefits.
The main product has a high view and rise in prices.2 Some product prices have returned, and cost advantages have created a security margin. 2.1 urea: high climates continue, and output expansion improves performance
urea, also known as carbamide, is one of the chemical nitrogen fertilizers currently in use and the most nitrogen-bearing nitrogen fertilizer in the industry, synthesized by ammonia and carbon dioxide. Consumption structure: mainly used in fertilizer products, of which agricultural products consume 59 per cent and compost 17 per cent, respectively, for a total of 76 per cent.
The company now has 2.2 million tonnes/year urea production capacity Chart: urea downstream product consumption structure in 2018 Chart: urea production process
2.1 urea: The high climate has continued, the expansion of capacity has increased performance urea production capacity has gradually cleared up, and in recent years the urea industry has been overperforming, reaching 89 million tons in 2015, the highest level ever.
• Beginning in 2016, as urea prices fell and supply side reforms advanced, excess capacity was phased out, while production and apparent consumption declined annually, with 84 million tons of urea produced in 2018, a reduction of 5 million tons from its 2015 height. In 2018, China ' s urea market was characterized by supply and demand characteristics:
Chart: urea productivity continues to decline, demand end-use increases are limited and supply and demand patterns remain tight.
(a) Supply-side reforms and the phasing out of backward production capacity;
2.1 urea: The high climate continues, the expansion of capacity increases performance The export of urea continues to decline significantly The export of urea also reached a record high of 1,375 million tons in 2015, representing 18 per cent of exports.
Beginning in 2016, our exports of urea were lost in competitiveness as a result of large-scale offshore low-cost production of urea, especially in the Middle East and the United States, using low-cost natural gas-based urea. Despite the country’s removal of urea export duties since 2017, there has been some marginal improvement in urea prices in our country, and it is difficult to reverse the continuing sharp decline in urea exports, which in 2018 amounted to only 2.4 million tons, with exports accounting for only a percentage.
(a) The export and import characteristics of urea in China in 2018: the tightening of domestic supply and the rise in imports;
2.1 urea: The persistence of high climates and the expansion of capacity have led to higher prices of urea in China in recent years. • The domestic urea market was better off by Indian bid prices, higher rail freight rates, and higher electricity prices in 2015.
• The decline in domestic demand was marked in 2016, with a slight decline in average prices compared with 2015, but the price of urea rose by the end of the year by a sharp increase in raw materials. The trend continued in 2017, with a severe drop in urea and a sharp rise in prices at the end of the year.
Price characteristics of urea in China in 2018: 2.1 urea: high climates persist and capacity expansion improves performance
In 2012, domestic agricultural prices entered a downward cycle as global food prices fell, with annual average prices for maize, soybeans and wheat falling by $1798, $3631 and $2487 per ton in 2018, compared to 31.3 per cent, 19.5 per cent and 14 per cent respectively in 2012.
urea prices are expected to rise somewhat in the future as the prices of agricultural products rebound with improved supply and demand.
Supply and demand: We expect the domestic urea market to have a supply and demand pattern or to maintain a tight balance in 2019, and export volumes will still be difficult to use. But, as a compound of fertilizer for major urea industry needs, exports will increase significantly in 2018, and export tariffs will be eliminated in 2019, which will undoubtedly boost the demand for urea and thus facilitate the urea market.
Prices: This trend, which has remained high since 2019, is expected to continue: 2, Environmental protection and air urea are restricted, 3, 2019 overseas tenders are opened, international urea prices rebound, and domestic prices are expected to rise.
In May 2018, new 1 million tonnes/year urea units were built into the company ' s fertilizer functionalization project, with the elimination of 800,000 tonnes/yearly capacity and a total urea capacity of 2.2 million tonnes/year, directly enhancing the company ' s performance. Cost advantages are significant: due to the company ' s advanced clean gas gas platform technology, downstream products have cost advantages, estimated.
The cost of corporate tons of urea is about $200-300 less than the industry average. Pacific securities 2.2dmf: industry leaders maintain a competitive advantage n.n-dimethylenedioxyamide (dmf), non-colour transparent liquids, both a highly used chemical feedstock and an excellent solvent with a wide range of applications
There is a strong solubility, known as the "one-manufacturable solvent" , which is widely used in the industrial fields of tanning, fibres, petrochemicals, rubber, dyes and paints.dmf Production process: methanol and synthetic ammonium reactions produced in gasification platforms generate methamine, of which dimethylamethamine is further coreactive dmf and the rest is sold after separation.
dmf demand structure: the pulp industry accounts for about 53 per cent of total demand, food and electronics 18 per cent, pesticides 17 per cent, and pharmaceutical intermediates respectively.
China has become the largest producer and consumer of dmf, with an overall excess capacity and a start-up rate of around 60 per cent. In 2018, the domestic dmf sector produced 1.1 million tons, which remained largely stable; production grew at 700,000 tons, which is fast; industry started at 63 per cent. Domestic dmf industry produced excess capacity, exports were higher, exports were 108,000 tons, exports were 15.5 per cent in 18 years, and imports were almost possible in recent years.
By neglect, import dependency is -16%, and the overall market maintains a dynamic balance between supply and demand. Pacific securities 2.2dmf: industry leaders maintain a competitive edge with a high volatility in the price of dmf in 2018, with an average annual price of 5813 yuan/tonne.
One quarter is running at a high price near an average price of $6433/t, and the second quarter is down, from $6468/t in early April to $5369/t in late June, and in 2019 alone, the dmf prices showed signs of a steady upswing and recent increases in product prices by producers. dmf prices continue to fall with limited space, as international prices continue to do.
The price of oil rebounded, and the demand boom after the spring season approached, and the dmf price is expected to continue the rebound trend. (Metamine) - 250,000 tonnes/year dmf capacity, the largest in the world.
Dmf manufacturing firms, with a 33 per cent share in the domestic market, have a certain price-fixing power and a prominent cost advantage, and a low price period can still maintain a certain level of profitability.
Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acid, known as Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetyl Acetic Acetic Acetyl Acetic Acetyl Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetyl Acetic Acetyl Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetium, Pacific Aide, Pacific Aide, Pacific Aide, with Rity, with Rity, with Rtity, with Rity, with Supply, with Supply, with Supply, with Supply, Price, Price, Price, Price, Price, Price, Price and Price, Price, Price and Price
Acetic acid production processes: methanol from gasification platforms, produced by co-synthesis; downstream application of acetic acids showed a three-pronged picture: in 2018, pta, ethylene acetic acid and ethyl acetic acid were 25 per cent, 18 per cent and 18 per cent respectively, totalling 61 per cent, with higher concentrations.
The company has 500,000 tonnes/year acetic acid capacity and 50,000 tonnes/year acetic anhydride capacity.
Pacific Securities 2.3 Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acid: The supply and demand balance is tight and prices are expected to stop falling back. China ' s Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acid Market Development Profile: Early in 1953: Shanghai Reagent I first used the ethanol-acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetide route, followed by the construction of many similar processes throughout the country.
In 1996-2001, slow progress was made: in 1996 the U.J. chemicals industry in Shanghai introduced low-pressure methanol acetic acid from bp in the United Kingdom; in 1997 Jiangsupuso completed the first autonomous development of methanol acetic acid in the country; and in 2001 domestic acetic acid production reached 1.35 million tons.
The rapid development period 2002-2014: the low-pressure synthesizing process of methanol became the mainstream process, with domestic capacity reaching 8.25 million tons in 2014. China’s acetic acid accounted for half of the world’s capacity, with a total capacity of about 16.5 million tons per year in 2017, and China’s continental capacity of 8.65 million tons per year, or 53%.
Acetic Acetic Acid in the Pacific: tight balance of supply and demand, with prices expected to stop falling back, we have a high concentration of Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acid: 1.4 million tons, 1.2 million tons, 800,000 tons, 700,000 tons and 50 per cent of Cr4 capacity, respectively, in Jiang Sopo, Seranis, Qiangzhou, and U-Thai in Shanghai;
In 2018, Tate withdrew its capacity of 200,000 tons, with 100,000 tons in addition to 100,000 tons in Tianjin and Yongli in Henan, 50,000 tons in Henan Yima and 8.8 million tons per year of domestic total acetic acid production. In 2018, with high profits, the domestic production of acetic acid was 7.19 million tons, an increase of 3.8 per cent, compared to 2017; the rate of industrial start-up was 81.7 per cent.
(b) Chart: domestic acetic acid capacity 2.3 acetic acid in Pacific securities: tight balance of supply and demand, with prices expected to stop falling back.
In recent years, the domestic market for acetic acid has been largely balanced in terms of supply and demand. In the last two years, domestic demand has slowed, but exports have continued to increase. In 2018, exports reached a multi-year high of 710,000 tons, an increase of 55.2 per cent compared to the previous year, driven by a high number of malfunctioning installations abroad and growing demand.
The oral weight is about 54.9 per cent Acetic Acetic Acid in the Pacific: the demand and demand are tight and prices are expected to stop falling back. In recent years, the market for Acetic Acetic Acetic Acid has been weak, but since the second half of 2017, the climate has begun to rise and prices have been rising.
In the first half of 2018, the supply was strained by multiple installation repairs or breakdowns at home and abroad, adding up exports and pulling up all the way to the beginning of June. In a short period of one year, the price rose by 122%, up from $2450 per to $545 per ton over the last 10 years. After that, prices fell as domestic and foreign installations returned to normal operations. After November, the supply was adequate and the downstream demand was weak, the stacking was reduced, and prices went down all the way to the end of December.
In 2019, the price of acetic acid continued to fall. Supply and demand balance: for the last two years, the price of acetic acid has been high, and some downstream companies have plans to build acetic devices to meet their needs.
The price is expected to stop the fall: downstream work will resume after the spring, and the price of the acetic acid will continue to shrink in the short term.
It is understood that in March-April, multi-facilities such as Nanjing bp and Shanghai Wu Dynasty were repaired and supplies were reduced, and the price of acetic acid is expected to continue its upward trend.
HSD, also known as fatty acid, is the most applied binary acid in the fat family and plays an important role in all aspects of chemical production, organic synthesis, medicine, and lubricant manufacture. Production processes: The main current methods of synthesis of HSD include the cyclohexane and cyclohexol, the cyclohexane method used in the Hualuhen litres, and the primary raw material is pure benzene.
Consumption structure: adipic acid is the main raw material for synthetic tans (pu), synthetic rubbers and film, and is also the main monolith of synthetic fibre-nylon66. In 2018, in the consumption structure of downstream products of adipic acid, the share of pulp reached 56.5 per cent, 17.2 per cent of the soles of shoes, and p6615.1 per cent. Chart: consumption structure of downstream products of adipic acid in 2018
Figure: The production process for adipic acid Pacific securities 2.4 adipic acid: industry low, with no cost advantage
▪ The international market for adipic acid has been characterized by China ' s occupation of half of the wall: in 2017, the global capacity for adipic acid was about 5.07 million tons, and the domestic capacity for adipic acid was 2,565,000 tons, which is global.
• Academia and its downstream industries have matured in the European and American markets, with limited growth in demand, with little additional capacity since 2010. • After recent merger restructurings, markets are more concentrated abroad.
In Weida, Eastman, Solvi, Bassov, 530,000 tons, 480,000 tons, 380,000 tons, 300,000 tons, respectively.
• The domestic adipic acid production capacity has grown faster in recent years, the domestic market has continued with a relatively low-growth cycle from 2012 to the present, leading producers with a high concentration of industry, cr4 = 54 per cent
Pacific securities 2.4 perdipic acids: industry is low and has no cost advantage. In 2018, our production capacity was 2,565,000 tons, the same level as in 2017, with 1.3 million tons, an increase of 11.8 per cent compared to the previous year, an apparent consumption of 123.43 million tons, a significant increase of 45.2 per cent, with a 50.7 per cent rate of start-up.
The excess nominal capacity of domestic adipic acids is evident, but in the middle of the low-prevalence period in the past few years there has been a general loss or micro-operation in the industry, a difference between the upstream pure benzene package and the end-market distance, which has resulted in some high-cost devices being suspended for a long period of time, thus effectively limiting the start-up of domestic adipic acids and maintaining them at about 50-60%. The domestic supply and demand structure is relatively balanced.
From 2012 onwards, it has moved from importing to net exporting countries, with exports increasing from year to year. Exports amounted to 330,000 tons in 2017, with exports accounting for 28.3 per cent. Pacific securities 2.4 perdipic acid: the industry has been depressed and has no cost advantage: since 2012, the adipic acid has been in a long-term industrial downturn until 2017, when it was affected by both higher prices for upstream raw materials and higher demand downstream.
Acid prices began to rise, and industry profits improved considerably. In 2018, the average adipic acid price was $10914 per ton, compared to $7932 per ton in 2017, an increase of 37.6 per cent, but the market rose sharply.
In spite of a wave of price hikes in the middle of the year, the chemical industry has declined as crude oil continued to fall after October, and the silicon acid has gone down again to $8150 per ton. In 2019, especially after the spring season, multiple factors have been added to the list.
This trend is expected to continue with a gradual recovery of the diacid market.1 As the international crude oil market recovers, the price of the raw material pure benzene rises, and so on, vis-à-vis one another.
Acids form a certain support, 2. Supply and demand benefits: supply is tight, downstream demand is gradual. Company costs of adipic acid are mainly related to the purchase of pure benzene and coal.
Gasification platforms are not very relevant, and there is a lack of butol and octanol, compared to other products, because hydroxylated synthesis can be used in the same set of devices.
It is used mainly for the production of plasticizers, solvents, dehydrants, dissipants, dispersants, floats.
The downstream consumption of butol is mainly acetate, butyl acetate and dbp, which account for 53 per cent, 21 per cent and 11 per cent, respectively.
Downstream consumption of octanol is mainly a plasticizer for pvc plastics, with dop and dotp accounting for 43 per cent and 35 per cent, respectively, totalling 78 per cent.
The pattern of supply and demand for butoccalol is similar: positive butol: in 2018, our capacity was 2,632,000 tons, i.e., +9.8 per cent for the same year; production was 1,837,000 tons, i.e., +10.8 per cent for the same year, 69.8 per cent for the same year, compared with octanol: 2,375,000 tons, i.e., +5.3 per cent for the same year; production was 19,799,000 tons, i.e., + 6.7 per cent for the same year, compared with 83.3 per cent for the same year.
BJC imports and exports are similar: QE: net imports were 192,000 tonnes in 2018 and 9.3% external; net imports were 17.37 million tonnes in 2018 and 8.2% external;
● octanol: Chart: Import and export of octanol. Chart: import and export of nbutol.
Bottom-down consumption of butocool is supported. The end-down consumption of butocol is mainly in the plastics and paints industry, both of which are growing at a steady rate, which is responsible for the demand for butocool: as of November 2018, our production was 16,02 million tons, compared with 5.4 per cent.
Chart: The steady growth in domestic plastic production in 2018 - the trend in prices is the same, but it hides differences in prices. 2018q1, domestic prices of butokol are both narrow and flat.
The price of 2018q2 but the price of butocoolol rose even more and for a longer period, and the price difference was gradually reduced to RMB 140 per tonne. 2018q3 and the price difference returned to normal levels. 2018q4 and the price of butocoolol fell significantly, but the price difference gradually increased to RMB 2540 per tonne.
Chart: BJC price deviations in 2018 - BJC price fluctuations - changes in product profits - switch of BJE devices. There are currently four domestic BJC devices in Gilin petrochemicals, Warlusing Lt., Nanjing Tseng and Hua Chang II, total
Production capacity will reach 770,000 tons, representing a 15.4 per cent share of the total domestic production of butocoolol, which will provide a stronger positive incentive to maintain a reasonable price difference, and the combined and synchronized effect of the rise and fall of the later octanol and the octanol will increase.
The domestic octanol industry generally earns more than octanol after 2010, than some of the butol devices in recent years have had to switch octanol over a long period of time.
Although octanol is designed to produce more than octanol, the production rate in the butol industry is lower than octanol.
The device has been switching production of octanol for a long period of time since 2016 to 80,000 tonnes/year of octanol. Although there have been attempts to switch between 2017 and 2018, it has not been running for long and has re-hatting of octanol. 2018q2: The price difference in octanol has gradually narrowed, and the profitability of octanol is higher than 700 yuan/tonne and the production of octanol is being converted to octanol;
Decimal/tonne profit level, octanol conversion to octanol. Chart: company butocone device dynamics 2018 Chart: comparison of octanol profitability in 2018
The octanol industry has earned a profit compared to the price: since 2016, butocnool has experienced an overall shock upwards over a period of three years and continues to this day.
In 2018, the average price of octanol was RMB 7678 per ton, or +13.4 per cent in the same year; the average price of octanol was RMB 8853 per ton, or +11 per cent in the same year; profitability: the profit of octanol has been improving since 2016.
In 2018, octanol earned $734.26 per ton, 848.23 per ton of octanol, which is the highest in the last five years.
In our judgement, the trend in the climate recovery is still the same, because: 1, in the package of products downstream of acrylic, polypropylene is preferred, followed by acrylic acetylene, epoxypropane, and butocnool are less profitable. The raw materials, in addition to acrylic gas, coal-chemical plant approval, environmental protection, and technology are more difficult.
Demand-side growth is steady: industry consumption has grown at around 7% in recent years.
Ethylene diol (eg) is an important petrochemical base material used mainly for the production of polyester fibres, anti-freezes, unsaturated polyester resins, high concentration of consumption structure - the main consumption area of ethanol in the country is polyester.
90.8% in 2018, followed by anti-frozen fluids.
Coal-ethanol Chart: Coal-Ethylene Production Process Pacific Securities 3, Coal-Ethylene-Ethylene Merit
The new production capacity during the year was concentrated on the Chinese market, with an additional 1.95 million. China's market characteristics are: 1; production of ethanol has steadily increased - capacity: 2,213 million tons in 2009, 1,051 million tons in 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 19 per cent;
Production: 18.38 million tons in 2009, 6.6225 million tons in 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 15 per cent, chart: steady increase in ethanol production,3 and increase in coal-based low-cost ethanol escort performance
4. High external dependence - ethanol has been one of the highly import-dependent varieties in the country.The market characteristics of ethanol in China: a. Import dependence has been maintained at 60-65 per cent in recent years;
c. Continued rapid growth in the downstream polyester sector, and dependence on imports is unlikely to improve significantly in the short term.
The oil-pessal oil-ethylene-ethylene-epoxy-ethylene-ethylene (Ethiocephate-ethylene) is the most widely applied and technologically mature in industrialization in the country, but the process is long, energy-intensive, completely oil-dependent, competitive and volatile with crude oil prices. At the same time, the route is constrained by the production of ethylene, which is growing slowly and does not meet market demand.
2. Ethylene/propane-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene (Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene
Exports are mainly directed to Asian markets such as China.3 Coal-synthetic gas-ethanol Pacific securities3 and coal-based ethanol low-cost booster performance
Coal - Synthetic Gas - Ethylene Method I: The Coal-based Synthetic Gas, Methanol-combined, Methanol-based Hydrocarbons (mto) ethylene and ethanol from ethylene from traditional petroleum routes.
The process combines coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons with traditional oil routes ethanol, which is technically mature but relatively expensive. Mode two: direct: coal-made synthetic gas (co+h2) and gas-based gas-by-synthesis. The key to this technology is the choice of catalysts, which is difficult to industrialization for a considerable period of time.
Mode 3: The herbate method: The coal-made synthetic gas-purified co- and h2, co-ed into herbic acid by catalyzing the dotted co-generation with h2, which is a short, intermediate and low-cost process, is the coal-based ethanol technology of the highest concern in the country. The industrialization of the technology route, represented by synthetic gas-based esters for hydrogen, has been successful, with the hope that it will become another important vehicle for the production of ethyl diol in the country.
Chart: Coal-based ethanol process route Ethylene oxide Synth
Increased performance of low-cost escort of ethanol from coal
Domestic capacity ratio: 52 per cent scerebral oil, 42 per cent coal and 5 per cent methanol
The future growth of new ethanol production will continue at a steady rate. The total ethanol production in 2018 was 1.95 million tons, or 75 per cent of all coal-based ethanol, with the exception of 480,000 tons refined in Huezhou.
In 2019, domestic ethanol continued to have a significant potential for growth, with an additional 3 million tons expected, domestic capacity expected to reach 13.51 million tons, and production growth, unlike the new capacity in 2018, due to major refining in 2019.
The concentration of energy from integrated petrocephalus production, such as stylene petrochemicals and Zhejiang petrochemicals, has resulted in a 35% coal-based ethanol process and 57% integration route. New foreign production capacity is concentrated in the United States and the Middle East.
Most of them are cerebral oil integration or ethane fission routes.
(b) After October, with a sharp setback in international oil prices, it entered a fast-track decline of $5,273 a year, but the benefits rose in the first half of the year, with an average price of $7,264 a year in 2018, up from $7,207 a year in 2017.
In 2019, the price of ethanol continued to be explored and has now fallen by $5,000/t, owing to a short-term decline in demand for downstream polyesters and increased stock pressure.3 Increased performance of low-cost escort for coal-based ethanol
The company ' s 500,000 tons of ethanol were successfully put into production, and its contribution to the growth of production began in 2019, with products reaching polyester levels.The company ' s 50,000 tons/year coal ethanol energy-saving project was successfully launched in 2012 and has gained full control over synthetic gas b in recent years through its research, adaptation and operation.
On 30 April 2016, the company announced its intention to invest $2.67 billion in the construction of a 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol production unit for a two-year period. The project, which was successfully launched in October 2018, is now 90% loaded, operating smoothly, and the product quality is at polyester level and stable. It is expected to generate an annual operating income of $1.9 billion, with a profit of about $300 million.
Our demand for ethanol is heavily dependent on imports, with rising import prices as the renminbi depreciates, and rising demand for ethanol driven by a sharp rise in downstream polyesters. The company’s current capacity of 550,000 tons of ethanol, based on existing coal-chemical platforms, has a clear cost advantage.
Most coal-based ethanol devices in the country have lost, but companies can still make a profit with a significant cost advantage. In the future, even a reduced climate can guarantee a larger profit margin; 3. Substitute market space for beneficial imports.
Looking to the future, there are uncertainties about the pattern of ethanol, which may be affected by a large increase in new and planned coal-based ethanol production. But, limited by process routes and investment progress, import dependence on ethanol is difficult to reverse in two to three years, and companies can benefit fully from the vast scope for import substitution.
The downstream polyester sector has a distinctly light season, with demand falling significantly during the quarter as a result of spring holidays, and thus largely ethanol. It is expected that demand will pick up as weaving and dyeing sectors recover.2 Oil prices, which are driven by fundamental improvements driven by reduced production and trade negotiations between China and the United States, have been able to support the reheating process.
Technology: coal-based ethanol is expected to become the dominant technology in the market,1 coal-based ethanol colours and purity problems are addressed to some extent, and quality improvements are already at a turning point, accounting for 2 per cent of downstream consumption, compared to the graphite oil and methanol-based ethanol routes, and coal-based ethanol has a clear cost advantage and is more in line with our national capacity
Pacific Stock 4 and New and Old Dynamic Energy Conversion Relaying Prospective Growth of New and Old Dynamics Relaying Power Growth, 22 February 2018, Shandong Province People ' s Government issued a plan for the implementation of the Sandong Province Major New and Old Dynamic Energy Conversion Project.
The circular clearly states that “the expansion of excess capacity should be firmly curbed, laws and regulations, such as environmental protection, energy consumption, quality, safety, technology, and industrial policies should be strictly enforced, with a view to accelerating the phase-out of backward capacity.
At the same time, the company produces 1.5 million tons of new green materials (1.5 million tons of ethanol, lysine, amino resin, ammonium zinilong, etc.) per year to select new and old energy in Shandong Province.
• We believe that supply-side reforms have been upgraded from “volume deconcentration” to “volume optimization,” and that leading companies of excellence will benefit fully from the resulting market pattern adjustment and strong policy support to further open up the space for growth. The second stage of equity incentives has highlighted confidence in development.
• As of 10 January 2019, the second stage of equity incentives had been awarded to a total of 160 key personnel, including company directors, executives and core technical, managerial, operational and technical staff, subject to performance appraisal on the basis of operating income in 2016, and the interest of personnel had demonstrated confidence in the long-term development of the company.
(b) Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy and operates securities licence No. 13480,000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.