Household appliances, parts and components of home appliances, 3x10 performance evaluation of 2022q1 - high growth in harvests, business still steady: companies publish 2022q1 quarterly reports. 4.8 billion revenues in the first quarter, compared to 40.94% in the previous quarter.
Mother-to-child net profit of $453 million, +25.81 per cent. High-speed growth in revenue collection. 1. A record high in the quarter of the year, with two-round operations continuing: a record high of $4.8 billion in the company ' s q1 battalion, mainly the company ' s RAC spare parts and car zero.
q1 Māori increased by 23.3%, corresponding to 3.94pt, from a change in accounting standards (see the first quarterly report for details); Māori increased from a four-quarter period, suggesting that companies also achieved a partial shift in raw material prices in the first quarter.
2. Continuing the globalization of deep farming and technological + managerial capabilities are at the top of the industry: after more than three decades of development, companies have established industry leaders in the field of global refrigeration appliances and auto heat management.
Proximity, CAC electro-inflated valves, four-way valves, electromagnetic valve mini-channels for heat, 3x21 report - new instrument, car electro-inflated valves, new energy car heat management integrated components, omega pumps, etc.
Energy automobiles are growing at a high rate, raw materials levels are the world’s largest market share. With the rapid penetration of new energy sources, companies are under pressure in the area of motor vehicles - 2022/03/24.
Parts and components have been cut in and gradually developed towards components and subsystems and have been successfully developed in all types of vehicles around the world.
In the pace of globalization, the company’s major global performances match expectations, and the heated management of its flagship performance continues.
The production base has been completed, with further expansion of the base, such as the Shohin Bay Maritime Base, the North American Mexico Base, the European Boeing Base - 2021/10/25 Ram Base, the Viet Nam Base, etc. under way.
Three-time-a-week-a-week reviews - New editions.
As a result of hedges such as preservation of values, forward sinks and so on, it is evident that corporate management + technological strength is at a high rate of energy growth, heat management is taking advantage of wind surges, maintaining the company's “buy-in” rating at 21 times the company's 2022 dynamic pe.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.