Quarterly review 2022: Performance bright, zero-for-one, re-release, cold order back stream.
The research assistant, Chelsea, achieved operating income of $4,804 million, an increase of 40.94 per cent in the same year and 11.69 per cent in the ring; the net profit of the mother now stands at $453 million, an increase of 25.81 per cent in the same year, and our performance is in line with market expectations.
It is expected that the 2022q1 zero output will continue to grow, and that conventional refrigeration will continue to grow better as a result of structural factors, such as the return of orders, commercial refrigeration, and so on. The company’s Māori ratio is still under pressure, but the ring ratio has improved, as a result of rising raw materials/maritime prices.
The price of raw materials & freight has remained high, so the Māori rate has fallen, but the company has actively pushed for steady growth in the refrigeration plate: domestic refrigeration orders continue to flow, and structural tables are better in areas such as commercial refrigeration.
4.146 million, +2.5% of the year. However, the acquisition of prior competitors led to the transfer of part of the orders to the company and the continuation of the transfer process; commercial refrigeration continued to grow at a high rate, replacing the space; micro-channels were mainly for overseas customers, with pre-shipment raw materials & freight rates dragging.
The profit level is expected to improve; Avico has achieved a profit-and-loss balance and is expected to continue the growth trend. 2022q1 new energy vehicles have been sold twice, and the demand for car heat management has remained high. According to the SAC data, 2022q1 new energy vehicles have been sold at 1257,000, or +138.4 per cent, compared to +138.4 per cent in North America.
On the household side, the combined sales of 2022q1model3 and modely amounted to 295,000 vehicles, compared to the previous year, in Trinity Control (002050): Zero Highs and Big Client Productions have begun to recover. Looking ahead, in 2022, the company's new energy vehicle business was in hand.
High orders, high output, high North American customers, other brands like the U.S./Wolver, and so on.
Review: Overall performance meets expectations, profits. East Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has been accredited by the China Securities Supervisory Board and has been accredited by the Securities Investment Advisory Board.