3x10 (00250) Household appliances Zero Refrigeration double-wheel drive, sustained high harvests, South-West Securities Research and Development Center
• Summary of performance: company reports published in the first quarter of 2022, with company 2022q1 earning 4.8 billion yuan, or 40.1 per cent more than the previous year; net return profit of 450 million yuan, or 25.8 per cent more than the previous year; high performance in the new energy market and high growth in zero operations.
New-energy car sales grew by 142 to 1246,000 vehicles on a year-on-year basis, and in March 2022 the penetration rate of new-energy vehicles reached 21.5 per cent, a record high, and the new energy markets continued to be high. Companies, as domestic energy heat-pipes, have a well-developed product spectrum and have a global reach, fully benefiting from the rapid development of new-energy markets.
q1 zero operations are expected to continue to grow. The cooling plate is growing robustly. The overall supply and demand of the company ' s cooling plate is both strong and robust in one quarter. The main reasons are: 1) Large orders continue to flow to the company as competitors are acquired by large downstream customers: 2)
Rapid expansion of the commercial sector and rapid growth of corporate business; 3) new energy efficiency standards for the promotion of electronic expansion of air conditioners. Valve penetration continues to increase and corporate e-inflation valve sales increase. The profitability ring ratio has improved. The company ' s Māori ratio has fallen by 23.3 per cent over the reporting period by 3.9 pp, and the ring has risen.
1.7 pp. Against a background of still high prices of raw materials, the company’s Māori Ring improvement is due mainly to: 1) the company actively consults with its clients to transfer part of the cost downstream; 2) the company has made more active forward hedges, reducing the impact of exchange rate fluctuations.
The epidemic has not changed the long-term trend towards new energy sources. Since April, several new energy automobile companies have stopped working or are facing the disease, have suspended some of their orders, and are expected to put some pressure on their performance in the second quarter of the year.
For the next three years, net return profits will remain at a compound growth rate of 32.7%. Given the high profile of the new energy market, the company will benefit fully as a leader in the management of the new energy heat, maintaining its “buy-in” rating.
1. 3x3 smart control (002050): Zero Breath growth, 2.3x smart control (002050): King of Multi-Specific Refrigeration, 3.3x smart control (002050): High Growth of Zero Breathing,
4. Tribute Wirtschaftsprüfer (002050): Refrigeration operations are continuously resumed, and no direct or indirect compensation will be obtained for the apparent amount of zero gas emissions (2021-08-12) and not for any of the specific recommendations or observations contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.