On May 01, 2022, the Research Assistant, Chez Zhentung Division, realized operating income of $4,804 million, an increase of 40.94 per cent in the same year and 11.69 per cent in the ring;
The net profit of the mother is now $453 million, an increase of 25.81% from the previous year, and the performance is in line with market expectations. We expect 2022q1 zero-breaths to continue to grow by the ring, while traditional refrigeration also continues to grow better due to structural factors such as return of orders, commercial refrigeration, etc.
The price of raw materials & freight has remained high, so the rate has fallen, but the company has actively pushed for steady growth in the cooling plate: domestic refrigeration orders continue to flow, and structural tables in areas such as commercial refrigeration, etc.
For domestic refrigeration, despite a slight increase in demand in the industry, 2022q1 air-conditioning platoons amounted to 4.46 million units per year, or +2.5 per cent. However, the acquisition of previous competitors led to the transfer of part of the orders to the company and the prospect of a continuation of the transfer process; commercial refrigeration will continue to grow at a high rate, replacing the empty.
Larger; microchannels, mainly for overseas customers, with higher prices for raw materials and shipping freight, which are expected to improve, and Avico, which has achieved a balance of gains and losses, is expected to continue its growth. 2022q1 new energy cars are sold at a high cost, and the demand for car heat management remains high.
According to data, 2022q1 new energy vehicles were sold at 1257,000, i.e. at +138.4 per cent.
+61.51%. We expect that the impact on companies is relatively manageable in the Shanghai region of North America, and that production by large clients has begun to recover. Looking forward to 2022, the company’s new energy automobile business is well-ordered, highly productive, and the major North American customers continue to grow in numbers, other brands like the U.S./Walvo, and so on.
3-Small-Age Control (002050): January-February Operations Review: overall performance meets expectations, profits East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board