Ports of transport shipping, non-financial companies, short-term pressure on oil transport performance, oec plus good oil markets
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) event. In the first quarter of 2025, the company achieved operating income of $5,753 million, a decrease of 4.01 per cent over the same period; and realized the return of Sun Ji-sung.
The revenue from the same downwards in the tanker route has led to short-term pressure on performance and an increase in the value of ng ' s business contribution. 2025q1, the company \triangleright achieved a net return profit of 708 million yuan, a decrease of 43.31 per cent in the same year, mainly due to market effects and foreign trade in tankers.
Wang Xuewu, the shipping level of the fleet is down from the same period last year: 1) the pressure on the tanker plate is clear. As the average daily earnings on the tanker market were historically high in 2024, the global policy uncertainty increased in 2025 and the freight cost was downed by the company owner.
The average daily return on the route is significantly lower than during the same period last year: the average daily return on the td3c route was $39,404 per day, or about 10 per cent less than the same time; the average daily gain on the tc1 route was $28,073 per day, or about 50 per cent less than the same year.) lng Zhang was paid Chul.
The growth in the performance of the transport plate was marked by a contribution of 200 million yuan to the net profit of the mother, an increase of 58.7 per cent in the ring, an increase of 12.3 per cent over the same period, and an increase in the support for overall performance. OPc+ kick-starts production, the supply of basics for oil transport increases, and vlcc prices are expected to continue to improve.
The price of \triangleright crude oil has fallen. The cost of raw materials at the end expands the margins of the refinery ' s profits, accelerates the refinery ' s repository, or boosts the demand for crude oil at the end of the pipeline to facilitate the demand side of the oil transport market. On the supply side, the vlcc fleet has limited delivery of ageing and new ships.
In addition, United States sanctions on oil tankers have been upgraded, or compliance has been accelerated, and the market has been cleared up. Demand has contracted to the top of the list, and the price of vlcc is expected to continue to increase.
The application documents were checked and the application was considered to be in due form, and it was decided that it would be accepted. The parent company, Far and Far Shipping Group, had committed to purchase 50% of the total number of shares issued.
A summary of the financial projections shows my personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.