Short-term performance volatility and long-term prospects, China's potential as an industrial chain leader 27/01 2025 Summary of events: 24 January 2025, Soft Express Power issued performance forecast 2024, 2024
\triangleright Builds new business blocks such as computing products and digital infrastructure, with a large increase in the scale of operations driven by a soft and hard-forward strategy. 2) The decline in performance is due to a strategic acquisition of new M & As loans by companies, resulting in interest costs
Increases; second, based on the business development needs of M & As, companies actively integrate software and hardware, marketing networks, enhanced brand marketing, channel development and market expansion inputs, resulting in higher sales costs; and third, based on future market space and industry, M & A focuses on core business, integrating organizations and personnel
Adjustments resulting in increased costs; fourth, the impact on performance of the expiration of the value added tax plus offsetting preference policy; and, in addition, the company ' s comprehensive checks and impairment tests on the assets acquired by mergers and acquisitions, which provide for some asset impairment preparedness. Short-term fluctuations do not change long-term expectations, and deep-farming is the underlying software for technology layout and core hardware for the long term.
The potential is expected to continue to be released. 1) The significant increase in the size of the company’s business after the merger indicates a successful strategy and a growing corporate capacity.
The impact on profits is expected to diminish over time. 2) The co-benefits of integration continue to show, with 2024q3 being the second highest sales of desktop machines and notebooks in the country. According to Canalys, the pc brand under the soft power flag reached 1.1 million in the third quarter of 2024, with the Chinese mainland desktop and notebook markets.
The share is 10%, and sales are the second highest in the country, with an annual growth rate of 123%. In the case of intelligence services, a one-stop solution has been introduced to help clients build the size of smart dry p assortmental arithmetic resources.
In terms of computing products, the production of super-high-k-series products, the production of multi-scenario microchips, the production of industrial chain taps 2024/10/28, and the production of super-strength a series, the infrastructure development of the Centre for Affordability. 3) Soft-combined deep-farming.
Soft Dynamics (301236.sz) reports that it is a technology that replaces the larger trend of national production. Soft swanlinkos is the first to connect with harmonyosnext and can be connected in close proximity, sharing of charts and document sharing.
Soft Dynamics (301236.sz) Dynamic Report: Soft, Lake Manchuria has launched a new one, such as the open-source swanlinkos5, aipc scarce taps of aipc in a hard, all-store layouts - 2024/
Intergenerational intelligence products. Successfully supporting dry applications in the field of Hing Man Tsin applications, and completing the construction of models among several well-known native applications industry models. 4) Soft Sky Robotics has launched its first interaction with educational twin-foot robot cranes, c1, which will be followed by a series of cavities for flexible manufacturing.
24-year-old Quarterly Review: Basic hardware and software for global domestic production, series of products such as the Tianxi series for universal human robotics, continuous deployment of robotic data collection, 3c/gas layout with long-term potential of 2024/04/30
Soft power (301236.sz) event review: China is the scene of nuclear soft manufacturing, interactive service, etc., depending on the depth and diversity of the application landscape.
Investment proposals: The company’s hardware plus the layout of the three basic software platforms, “Hong Mun+Ola+Gaus” +2023/11/13, has been formalized, with its own scarcity highlighted. Short-term profit fluctuations do not change long-term development prospects, while companies do.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.