Winch shares (300498.sz)
The most important products of the country’s livestock farming companies include pig-breeding, yellow feather chicken-breeding and other farming (ducks, geese, pigeons, sheep, cows, etc.), as well as a small amount of meat processing, animal vaccines, dairy products, and equipment manufacturing.
In 2016, the number of births was 17.1273 million, representing an increase of 11.57 per cent; in 2016, the number of births was 11.57 per cent; in 2016, there were 819 million cases of chickens, and the company will spend $5 billion a year on pig production, with an estimated 4 million new births per year.
From 2017 to 2020, the number of pig births was about 18.8 million, 23 million, 27 million and 30 million. The market for piglets was very fragmented, contributing to a rapid increase in the size of the company.
The total number of columns is also not more than 10%, which is a huge increase compared to the market share of foreign pig-breeding enterprises, with an annual compound growth rate of 5.47% for 5.86 million households.
Cost advantages are becoming apparent. With the elimination of labour costs, the company farm costs in 2014-2016 ranged from 1148.5 (300498) to a deep loss in poultry farming, resulting in higher performance.
The “firms + farmers” model is expanding fast. Currently, the company works with some 22,000 farmers, with about 780 per household per year, if farmers are taken into account.
The same figure, at 30 million per year, means that the average number of farm households is 1385/year, with an increase of about 300 per batch per household, which is not very difficult for companies. The risk of volatility in prices of pigs; and the risk of major epidemics.
Unlike the general public, the market may think that pig farming is in a downward cycle, that pig prices are in a downward trend, and that the growth in corporate performance may be affected. We believe:
In all cases, the market share is about 2.5 per cent, and the total number of registered companies producing pigs is no more than 10 per cent, which is a huge increase in the market share of foreign-born pig farming enterprises, and market concentration is much lower than that of poultry farming, which will further strengthen the industry;
In the last 10 years, the number of family farmers affiliated to the company has increased from 363,000 in 2007 to 586 million in 2016, with an annual compound growth rate of 5.47%. With the expansion of livestock farming, the company’s cost advantages have become apparent. With the elimination of labour costs, 2014-2016
The annual cost of a company raising pigs fell from $1148.5 per head to nearly $1,000 per head, with a 6% annual compound drop; the cost of chickens also fell from $16.6 per head in 2014 to $14.8 per head in 2016, with a 5.5% annual compound decrease. As livestock farming continues to expand, the scale effect will lead to a further reduction in farm costs;
(3) The “company + farmer” model is expanding rapidly. The company is currently working with some 22,000 farmers, with about 780 per household per year, and 30 million if the number of households is kept constant, meaning that the average farm household is 1385 per year, with an increase of about 300 per family per batch, which is difficult for the company.
1. The tightening of environmental policies has led to a rise in the threshold of farming; 2 and the increase in cip, with the main contribution of pork in the bulk of agricultural produce; 3 and firm prices of pigs and yellow chickens.
Risks of volatility in the prices of pork; risks of major diseases, etc. First, companies focus on livestock farming, and the industry has a strong leader; (i) livestock farming is the largest in the country.
The company’s main products include pig-breeding, yellow-eating chicken farming and other farming (ducks, geese, pigeons, sheep, cows, etc.), as well as a small amount of meat processing, animal vaccines, dairy products, and equipment manufacturing. In 2016, the main business revenues were $37.643 billion, $18.593 billion, and 13.22 (ii) a significant increase in net profit ring ratios in the third quarter of 2017.
One billion yuan, a decrease of 64.66 per cent in the same year; of this amount, the company's operating income for the third quarter was $14,096 million, or 14.41 per cent; net profit was $2,229 million, or 56,134 per cent. (iv) other business vertical development
The company now owns about 22,000 cows and has a large original milk production base in Guangdong, increasing the value added of dairy products and branding influence. It is expected that the company’s original milk will be processed in close to 50 per cent of the total over the next two to three years.
The company currently has 200 companies with fresh shops, and more than 20 provinces have project bases. The model of “corporate + shopkeeper” is largely based on the company’s high-quality product and brand influence, which expands livestock farming downwards and raises the Maori rate of end-products.
In 2017, affected by the avian flu, the country's live poultry market was severely affected, and companies responded actively by selling the chickens into the market and stealing their share of the market. (v) In 2018-2020, the average number of live pigs was about 4 million per year.
In 2016, the number of births was 17.1273 million, an increase of 11.57 per cent, and 819 million chickens, an increase of 10.08 per cent. In the last three years, the number of first-born pigs has risen. In 2017-2020, the number of births was about 18.8 million, 23 million, 27 million, and 30 million. The number of births is expected to rise from 2.5 per cent and 20 per cent to 5 per cent and 25 per cent.
The effects of avian influenza, the rapid decline in demand for market consumption, the loss of yellow chicken prices, and the firm's active response in the second half of 2017 to the gradual conversion of the “chicks” into “phosters” and their subsequent sale have been evident. Both the market and the increase in the Māori rate of products have been seized. (vi) The operations cover more than 20 provinces (city, autonomous region) throughout the country.
Several provinces, municipalities, autonomous regions have opened up and have 239 branches and close to 60,000 family cooperative farms. The distribution of revenues in 2016 shows that the total revenue in the public and major regions is 96% of the company ' s income.
In recent years, the country's successive environmental protection policies have had a significant impact on the livestock industry, starting with the new environmental law of 1 January 2015, which has led to the removal of environmentally unsound farming ex-households through the creation of standardized “restricted areas” and “restricted areas”, and the optimization of farming structures to ensure that they do not meet environmental standards.
The problem of livestock-raising pollution has been effectively addressed. In addition to the huge losses experienced by the pig-breeding industry for several years, a large number of small and medium-sized individual farmers have withdrawn from the pig-breeding industry. As the concentration of pig-breeding increased, the future share of large and medium-sized farms and small-scale farming areas will accelerate.
The annual decline of 82,244 million households to 4,62.44 million households in 2015 was 43.7 per cent, and it is expected that, after environmental improvements in 2016 and 2017, 26,46 million households will increase by 112.27 per cent, and that, as environmental policy progresses, the share of over 500 large farms and small farming areas will increase steadily, reaching around 300,000 households in 2017.
In 2016, according to the National Plan for the Development of Pig Production (2016-2020), more than 20 provinces throughout the country have designated birth-free areas and launched plans for the closure or relocation of farms.
The first of these was the “restricted development zone” covering the areas of Kyuzin and the southern water network. According to the Director of the Department of Agriculture’s Department of Livestock, 36 million pigs were cut off in 2016 as a result of environmental rehabilitation.
Thus, after the elimination of data on the production capacity of piglets in the development zones, and based on data on the pace of demolition in the remaining provinces and on the birthing of pigs in 2016, we estimate that in 2017, the reduced capacity for pig production as a result of environmental clean-up will be between 21 million and 25 million.
The most stringent environmental policy has slowed the process, and the conservation and supply-side reform policy in the livestock sector will eliminate backward production capacity, increase concentration, fail to scale, standardize, and professional farming will become a trend, with a significant increase in industry access thresholds and a concomitant increase in industry valuation. As industry leaders, corporate valuation will be increased.
There are 11 companies in the listed companies, mainly Winch shares, herds, eagles, etc., based on the ten-year balance of 11 companies.
The average annual market rate of the average market share and the average annual market rate of the pig-breeding industry have shown that the average annual market rate since the company was listed is about 14 times, well below the average of 17 times that of the pig-breeding industry. By comparing the share in the market of the 11 listed companies that produce pigs with the annual composite growth rate, we have selected herd shares, eagle farmers, and the technology of the country.
Six companies, such as the Tianjin shares, the New Hope and the Golden New Farmer, are the most direct competitors of the company. By contrast, in the last three years, the public sector has more than 1.5% of all registered pigs and far more than the sum of the remaining companies, with absolute advantages, but in comparison with the company’s valuation, the value level has been at the bottom of the industry since the company was listed.
(ii) Profitability is at the top of the industry, with high asset yields above the industry average, after herd shares in the last two years, indicating that companies are doing well on the basis of taking full advantage of certain costs and costs
(iii) A relatively decentralized equity structure that facilitates scientific management and checks and balances of power;
In the two years since it was listed, the top 10 shareholders in the company held 25.68% and 25.95% respectively, while the top 10 major competitors in the industry held more than 20% of the lowest straight state technology and 40% of the largest herd. According to the company’s latest three-quarters report in 2017, the top 10 shareholders in the company held more than 20% of the top 10 than the top 10 shareholders in the industry.
Aside from 4.15 per cent, other shareholders hold no more than 3 per cent of total equity; while the entire Wines family holds a total share of 14 per cent, which is still lower than the largest share of competitors in the industry, a relatively fragmented equity structure can provide better checks and balances, facilitate democratic decision-making, scientific management, improve corporate governance, improve business efficiency, and raise (iv) high dividends and returns, and the firm is well aware of the “breeding” approach.
Companies have achieved three cash dividends, and 6.19% since their listing in 2015, and are ranked second only in the pig-breeding industry after the new hope. Companies have given sufficient returns to all shareholders when they earn high profits, moving forward to raise their investment value.
(v) Efficient farming and productive inputs, where the company will have a stock-raising chair with an average fixed asset of 658.81 head, 610.38 head/head and 663.88 head/head for first-born pigs in 2014-2016, respectively
Real assets are $185.05/heads, $165.76/heads, and $180.48/heads, respectively. The head of the fixed assets is basically the lowest in the industry, and the head of the raw biological assets is slightly higher in 2016 than 88.48/heads of the eagle farmers and herds, and is basically at the bottom of the industry, which demonstrates that companies not only have very high asset utilization, but are also very stable, with little volatility and relatively little risk of asset investment.
Both aggregate and growth rates are industry leaders, attesting to the fact that the company has significantly increased its new project engineering plans in recent years, and that its future productive capacity is expected to accelerate and consolidate its leader in livestock farming. (vi) The liquidity efficiency industry leads.
4.5 times, far more than other competitors in the industry; 0.58, 0.89 and 0.98 days of accounts receivable, respectively, indicating that the company had no more than one day to recover its receivables, which was significantly lower than the average number of days in the industry, indicating that the company ' s liquidity was very rapid, the use of the funds was very efficient and the ability to operate.
The company's core competitiveness upgrade company valuation (i) was the first to create a classic business model for traditional agriculture in “Corporate + Farm Households” and, at present, the most common livestock-raising model in the country consists mainly of subsistence farming and enterprise-scale farming, of which large-scale farming is mainly of a “public” nature.
The vast majority of the country's pig production is based on low-quality and inefficient distribution patterns, while subsistence farming, which is represented by herding shares, is a highly asset-intensive model with high land and personnel management costs.
During this period, the company provides services such as animal seedlings, feed, medicines, technology, etc., while the farmer is responsible for his own site, equipment, manpower, management and raising.
The scale of the index scale has expanded, allowing companies to replicate quickly and achieve economies of scale with light assets and low-cost advantages. For farmers, the issues of seedlings, feed, vaccination, technology, marketing have been effectively addressed, they are responsible only for the final breeding chain, and the company’s buy-back subsidies have allowed for a more stable return even when the market is depressed. At the same time, because the quality of the raising is directly linked to the benefits, excluding some of the information asymmetries.
Farming households also devote their energies to the farming process, which, in turn, ensures the quality of the finished livestock. “Tighter” upgrades; after several major outbreaks and tightening environmental policies, companies are gradually upgrading their cooperative approach to a tight “company-plus-farmer” model, which incorporates stricter criteria for new household clearance, higher access thresholds, more systematic feed-feed-proofing, better production processes, and more enlightened practices.
The product-pricing mechanism further reduces the risks for companies and farmers, making the two more closely connected and becoming a genuine community of interests governed by mutual regulation, supervision, and mutual growth. Thus, this mutually beneficial win-win model will ultimately create the “weinth myth” of farming, which will also be the cornerstone of the company’s value enhancement.
(ii) The company has an excellent research and development team, an excellent research and development platform. Starting with technical cooperation in 1992 in the form of technology-in-stocking at the Department of Animal Sciences of the University of South China, the company has developed long-term, deep-seated production and research cooperation with more than 20 famous agricultural institutions and research institutes, including the Nanjing University of Agriculture, the Chinese University of Agriculture and others.
At the same time, several research institutions, such as the National Centre for Plant Engineering for Pig Growing, the Ministry of Agriculture's Priority Laboratory, the National Centre for Enterprise Technology, the post-doctoral research work station, the Guangdong Business Institute, and more than 10 pilot sites, have been set up within the company.
Professional R & D teams. The excellent platform attracts a large number of talented professionals, and the company ' s current R & D team is a cadre of more than 10 in-house professionals, 68 PhDs, 500 masters, 4,200 undergraduates, and 5,500 technical assistants for high-quality research and development cadres.
A technological management structure for drivers in the Division's technology management room. A set of technologies has been established, ranging from “production real demand analysis” to “technology research and development” to “results transformation” R & D and application management mechanisms have developed a technology innovation system that is enterprise-driven, market-oriented, based on cooperative production and research.
In addition, the company has accumulated over 43 scientific and technological awards, and companies and holdings have a total of 255 patents (including 94 inventions, 156 practical innovations, 5 designs), and calculations.
Since 1997, companies have drawn 2% of their sales revenue annually to finance research. In recent years, research and development inputs have risen steadily, and (iii) the IT management system has evolved to protect the company.
Advanced information management systems. Starting with the purchase of the first 286 computers, which cost a lot in 1990, companies have broken the impression that traditional agricultural information is the lowest: in 1991, they established a local area network in collaboration with the Computer Center of the University of Agriculture in South China, and by 2005, the company had fully implemented data networking management. Immediately thereafter, the company took the lead in launching an erp platform system within the industry to implement information on company production, marketing, finance and human resources.
By 2009, the company had been able to develop its own information platform with more than 80 functions. In 2011, the company set up a research institute on the Internet, with its own mobile end control platform. In May 2015, the company published the construction of a high-efficiency pig farm at Winch. Each pighouse was equipped with advanced equipment such as an automatic feed system, a self-motivated ring control system, and an automated scratching system, all of which were controlled by the WCP.
In addition to a professional research and development team, the company has an experienced and high-quality management team, with senior managers from within the company and with a strong industry experience, with an average duration of more than 20 years, with full recognition of the corporate culture.
Middle-level managers also have more than 10 years of experience per person. A dedicated management team provides a good basis for the company’s management.
The company has been expanding over the past 10 years, increasing its fixed assets from $116,000 in 2007 to $1.240 million in 2016, with an annual compound growth rate of $1.24 million.
The company’s vision for the location and layout of new projects has also become a central competitiveness for the company’s future. For example, in recent years, the Ministry has planned new pig-breeding projects, which were suspended by the cancellation of non-public distribution programmes in the cities of Anhui Province, Yutung County, Liaoning Province, Kitchen City, Chifeng City of Inner Mongolia, Yongsu County of Shanxi Province, and Jiangyong County of Hunan Province.
In terms of geographical location, the company has been able to implement the “Win’s 3rd Production Promotion Project,” which is highly compatible with the country’s 13th Five-Year Plan for the Development of Pig Production, and has implemented a strategy to increase the size of the primary sector and expand the size of the country. At the same time, efforts have been made to develop pig farming operations in the “potential growth zone” and the “moderate development zone” in the context of stabilizing the production capacity of pigs in the “development zone.”
In terms of the climate environment, the climate conditions in the southern water network are well suited to the conditions needed to feed the pig, and although the northward regions have a low annual average temperature and low humidity, they are rich in water and land resources, with a clear regional advantage. (v) Spring factors and cpi rebounds are expected to boost pig prices in the short term.
In the context of “the longest cycle of pigs in history”, the country's large-scale farming enterprises are accelerating the expansion of their production capacity. In January-November, the company accumulated 17.431 million pigs, an increase of 10.42% over the same period; in November, the company accumulated 64.92 million pigs; in November 2017, the number of pigs produced by herds rose 145.72% over the same period; in the same year, the sum of 3,02.15 million pigs born by technology rose 44.01% over the same period; in November 2017, the sum of 91.39 million pigs born by Tianzhou, an increase of 78.69% over the same period.
2006.43 million people, up 4.89% in the same year, up 9 months in a row, with a marked increase in productive capacity compared to last year. Adding to the constant updating of farming techniques and the increasing efficiency of farming in recent years, there has been a significant increase in pig farming psy, the national average of which has risen from around 15 in 2013 to about 18, and the development of large-scale farming enterprises with strong research and development capabilities, such as Winch shares, where psy can even reach 22 or more.
In 2018, prices are projected to remain slow down. The supply of raw pigs has become more tight in the short term, and demand for pork has risen significantly. However, as temperatures have fallen, transport costs have risen, livestock farmers have become more involved in selling, and, as spring approaches, demand for bacon has soared in the short run.
The stock of piglets was 34.66 million, a decline of 5.92% over the same period, and the ring fell continuously over the 19th month, and short-term supply of pig production was still “era 1” with the elimination of small and medium-sized farmers. The share of pork cpi was roughly 2.5 to 3%, and the share of pork cpi fell in October. As pi remained high, the transmission effect of the price of crude oil and the price of industrial goods would likely help go back to “era 2”. Meanwhile, food prices are expected to rise slightly in the short term, and pork is expected to rise.
(vi) The firm size effect, with cost and financial advantages highlighted. (In the last 10 years, the number of family farmers affiliated to the company has increased from 363,000 in 2007 to 586 million in 2016, with annual compound growth rates of 58.6 million households.)
The company’s cost advantage is becoming more pronounced as livestock farming expands. With the removal of labour costs, the company’s farm production fell from $1148.5 per head to nearly $1,000 per head in 2014-2016, with an annual compound decline of 6%; the cost of chickens also fell from $16.6 per head in 2014 to $14.8 per year in 2016, with a yearly compound decrease of 5.5%. As livestock farming continues to grow, the scale effect will lead to a further reduction in farm costs.
Figure 60: Total number of cooperative farmers 2013~2017q2 with significant cost and financial advantages. Based on the company ' s annual intake of 4 million additional commodity pork pigs and 10 million commercial chickens over the next two years, and the cost of single pork and chickens (explacing labour costs) of $1050 per head and $16 per unit, we estimate that the company will reach new production by 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively.
The investment needed to reach the target is $4,207 million, $4,417 million, and $3.4 billion, respectively. Trust has sufficient funds to meet future demand for expanded capacity.
Risks of volatility in prices of pigs; risks of major diseases, and so on. Year after year's work on the analysis of the agro-forestry and pastoral fisheries industry at the Institute of Private Securities, Panel 5 of the Crystalball industry team in 2012 was good at taking advantage of investment opportunities in the industry, researching dozens of listed companies in the field and developing investment targets in the industry.
The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks to be independent, objective and impartial, with no third party's recommendations or conclusions, or any other party's recommendations.