The Medical Health Research Center is performing well as expected, with a better rate of growth in the non-q3 season.
Yesterday, the company issued its three-quarterly report in 2019, which generated $21.228 billion, an increase of 17.01 per cent, a net return of $2,064 million, a decrease of about 1.45 per cent (a step-by-step improvement) in the same year, and a deduction of approximately $1,722 million, an increase of 8.21 per cent. Performance improved by a step-by-step rate, with q3 not returning to the mother.
The company ' s performance was in line with expectations, owing to a change in the fair value of part of the gold financing, resulting in better performance in the non-performance q3 quarter: the company ' s revenue increased by about 17.01 per cent in the previous three quarters and by about 12.3 per cent in the q3 quarter, with a projected slowdown due to the impact of the closure of Da Vinci ' s operations and the use of drug-aided drugs by drug users;
Progress in the disposal of assets and the impact of changes in the fair value of some of the financial assets held, q3 single seasons of unprofitable renminbi of approximately $7,1998,000, down 150 million from the same period in the previous year, with steady growth performance in the previous three quarters of uneconomical industrial blocks, Da Vinci Robotic sales ring speed: total industrial block forecast
1. Cost increases in research and development, new drugs start to be harvested, steady growth, q3 seasons of non-buzz, pyrotoxin, hepato-injection, and Datomoxin. Based on sample hospital data, we expect a better increase in the sales of complementary drugs.
2. " Increased R & D investment, innovation gains are steady in the i.e.-[country] variety, which is expected to have a reduced marginal effect in the future. With regard to new varieties, Curtoball has submitted a listing application to cde and is expected to be marketed early next year, while declaring the variety to be on the European market. "
Q3 seasons are expected to speed up the progress of Da Vinci's robotics, q4 and next year are expected to recover.
In addition, in the previous three quarters, the company had invested some 2,253 million in research and development of the former company ' s new medicine, the main platform for research and development, including recovery, and bio-like material.
The report is progressing well, with potential types of research, such as pd-1 (three clinics) and its joint drug use programme (one clinic), antivegf biological analogues (three clinics), and clinical progress advancing Lee Ying Lei.
Risks to performance arising from the impact of the catalogue of assistive medicines, the catalogue of health-care transfers of varieties, procurement of quantities, etc.; risk of underdevelopment; risk of less than expected: risks of less than expected sales of innovative medicines on the market; uncertainty about the decline in financial costs.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment