Wang Wei Chul (600196.sh/2196.hk) 20103 performance recovery, glandpharma to be listed in India
Corporate performance: The company achieved business income of $21.23 billion, an increase of 17.0 per cent over the same period, with net profits of $2.06 billion, i.e. 1.4 per cent, net gains of $1.72 billion, yoy + 8.2 per cent and a recovery of the growth rate of 2.8 per cent after the first half of the year.
Billion dollars, yoy+41.9 per cent, corporate q3 net profit recovery is better associated with the low 2018 q3 base period (2018 q3 net profit yoy-33 per cent), on the one hand, and the current state drug-control performance of the joint venture, on the other hand, the steady growth of industrial plates, on the other hand, the gradual introduction of innovative medicines, and the recovery of Da Vinci robotic sales: in Africa
Driven by products such as titanium, pythonite, hepatocin, and Litoquoise, it is estimated that the Department's 2019q3 pharmaceutical industry plates have continued to grow well, that Adam and tradole are in a state of review and approval, and that it is expected that the next step will be to market and upgrade the pharmaceutical industry.
Increase in speed; the medical plate is estimated to have recovered with the increase in Da Vinci's robotic sales; the Māori rate has risen slightly, the cost rate has decreased slightly, and the return to investment returns has contributed to a net gain: the company's combined Māori rate of 2019q3 seasons is 58.4 per cent, a slight increase of 0.2 percentage points, and the cost of sales is 34.1 per cent.
Corporate financial costs increased by 0.4 to 2 per cent over the same period because of the volatility of the product portfolio. Overall, the cost for the q3 period was 52.7 per cent, a slight increase of 0.1 percentage points over the same period.
490 million yuan, an increase of 180 million yuan over the same period, mainly due to the recovery of the performance of the National Drug Control Unit (NDC 2019q3 recorded a net gain of $1.62 billion, yoy + 30 per cent), which contributed to the growth of the net profit of the company q3.
It will continue to raise the pace of performance and will contribute to the optimization of the capital structure of the company. The financial cost rate is expected to be listed in India: once the subsidiary has been listed in Hong Kong on September 25th, the company pushed the Indian subsidiary, Glandpharma, to be listed in India with the company.
We believe that the company’s capital structure will gradually be optimized. The increase will be lifted in the near future: about 100 million shares of non-publicly released shares will be released at the end of their term (about the company’s total equity forecast: we will not add to the corresponding investment returns because of the fact that sales by the peacemakers have not yet been completed.
In 2019-2020, companies are expected to realize net profits of $2.98 billion and $3.58 billion, while drug research and development is progressing steadily, and the model of “innovation + internationalization” will also guarantee the company's future development, and we maintain the company's “buy-in” proposal for a/h share.
During the period, the M & As did not perform as expected, i.e., the expected remuneration (expected return; er), as described below:
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by individual clients. The report could not be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to prepare the report was reliable, but the information in the report was not independently verified for audit.