Weir shares (603501), electronics demand, deeper layout, cis national flagship, stable growth, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company issued a performance forecast for 2021, which foresees the realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies as cars, high demand for security, deep cultivation and integration of products, and a steady increase in profitability. In 2021, the company ' s performance grew at a high rate, mainly due to: 1) image sensors in areas such as automobiles, security, etc.
The growth in demand, the build-up of corporate share in automobiles, security markets, and further significant improvements in corporate image sensor solutions. 2) As a result of the introduction of new company tddi products and further expansion of market customers, corporate engagement and demonstration of solutions provide new profit growth points for companies.)
The company continues to optimize its market layout, integrates and deepens its main business, enhances synergies, sustains security for the company, raises its share of major customers, carries the car ciss into a wide market space, carries image sensors, and operates with robust growth in high-market coverage. In 2021, with security cis, the company took precautions downstream.
There has been a marked increase in performance as a result of the rising share of clients and their good overseas performance; in the case of automobiles, the company has managed to gain a significant incremental market and further boost its steam through its own advantages and technological build-up in the field of salaried pixels in the car-borne sciences, as a result of the poor capacity of major international friends and traders, while market demand has risen by about 30 per cent.
In the next five years, with the spread of new energy vehicles and the development of autopilot technologies, agencies predict that car-car sales will increase by more than 33% of cagr. China, as the leading manufacturing and consumer market for smart cars, is expected to grow faster than the rest of the world.
The company is expected to benefit further from the double dividend of market expansion + increased city occupancy. • The company deepens its touch and displays the layout of its business, and tddi contributes to its operations. In 2021, the company took over.
Purchases have deepened the layout of tddi and dddic and have rapidly achieved production with deep R & D inputs and extensive technological accumulation. The company is now mainly in the smartphone maintenance market. With the smart player 1.well shares (603501): the cis optical track leader,
The tddi programme has increased its share, and demand for tddi is expected to grow steadily. The company’s tddi operations are expected to continue to contribute to the collection as large clients continue to grow at a high rate (2021-08-30).
2. Weir shares (603501): mobile phones and car-driven cis growth, q1 performance re-innovation of high domain leader status, downstream high demand expected to continue, and access and display of further business release, offer
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.