The Centre for Research in Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) has been showing high performance, looking at the long-term growth of Cis and tddi. On January 27, the company issued a performance forecast that in 2021 it achieved a net return profit of $4.468 billion.
21 years with high net profits. 21 years with net return profits of $4,468 million (q3 performances are as expected, cars and tddi continue to benefit from: 1) high demand for imagery sensors in the areas of automobiles, security, etc., with companies relying on products and techniques
(b) The introduction of new tddi products and further client expansion, and the touchdown with 2. Four Core Drivers, Cis takes off again - showing that the solution business brings new profit growth points to the company.
Cars and tddi's operations drive new growth. 1) Benefiting from auto electric + auto-drive trends, pixel uplifts drive an increase in the value of bicycles, which are expected to be more than 28% more than the size of the car cis market in 21-30 years.
On the scene, and at the same time, the competitor, Ansomé, whose share has declined due to production capacity, is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in 21 years for company car-use cis operations. 2) The company has acquired integrated tddi operations over 20 years, adding 21 years of capacity shortages, and the market is fast throughout the year, thanks to its access to mobile phones and brand advantages.
The company’s other product operations (including car regulation mcu, serdes interface, power management ic, etc.) and the armr technology program are well-developed.
We believe that, as the business ecology evolves, the company will be able to model a variety of circuit products, new markets (medical, iot, industrial tests, material networking, etc.) and traditional security, material networking, etc.
Other business aspects are expected to continue with the full range of growth dynamics. Risks of underperformance; exchange rate risk; risk of stock release; risk of goodwill impairment; and so forth.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment