Strongly recommended (maintained) Weir shares: performance in 2021 is as expected and cis is desirable
Li Zh Cheuk continues to optimize market layout, deep-farming main business, increasing R & D investment, and semiconductor operations continue to grow steadily. After 13 years of extravagant growth, the company has become cis.
Business is at the core, with the domestic ic design poles that develop in tandem with semiconductor design and distribution. Howell technology, acquired in 2018, has a solid market share in the cos image sensor field. In 2021, it continued to optimize market layout, deep-farming main business, and increased research and development investment.
Carborne, security and cis have grown rapidly. The cos image sensor business has been accompanied by an increase in market demand for image sensors in the areas of automobiles, security, etc., and companies in related fields.
In the future, car intelligence will lead to a significant increase in car-car-car-car demand and penetration. The company, the world’s top two car-cis supplier, is expected to benefit from high growth in the industry in the future.
And the city’s share rate has been rising steadily. Well shares: the semi-annual performance forecast for 2021 – the q2 performance ring continues to grow high, with mobile phones, mobile phones, mobile phones, mobile phones, etc.
During the year, corporate engagement and demonstration of solutions business also brought new profit growth points to companies with the introduction of new company tddi products and further expansion of the customer ' s car market " 2021.07.01 " .
The company, one of the leading companies in the global cis, will benefit from steam in the car ciss field.
The price of car-smart Chis is rising. At the same time, companies take full advantage of the synergies of business systems by continuously integrating business systems and product lines, allowing companies to maintain a steady profitability; car-smarting is proceeding at a slower pace than expected; and upstream raw materials and surrogates are subject to cost pressures.