Weir shares (603501): Performance meets expectations, car-car-car-cis and tddi leads long-term growth
(First) Annual performance forecast for 2021 issued by Weir: expected to achieve a net return by 2021 – performance forecast for 2021 meets expectations and multiple operations are synergized
The layout, the deep-farming main business, and the increasing investment in research and development have allowed semiconductor design to grow steadily, while the market has grown steadily in the areas of automobiles, security, etc., along with the growing demand for sensors and the rising market share of companies in related areas.
The image sensor solution performance has continued to grow. In addition, corporate contact control and displaying solutions have created new profit growth points for companies as new company tddi products have been introduced and clients have expanded further.
The continuous integration of business systems and product lines and the full synergy of business systems have led to a steady increase in the company’s continued profitability.
The company is the third leading company in the world in the field of cis, and its products are widely used in the fields of consumer electronics, security, automobiles, medical care, ar/vr, including smart phones, tablets, laptops, web cameras, security equipment, steam.
In the area of mobile phone cis applications, although the mobile market is entering the stock age, the trend of multiple and high-level cameras has led to continued sales of cell phone cis products.
Growth, when icinsights expect the sales of cell phones for the next five years to be 6.3 per cent of the 0.61m pixel-sized 200 million pixel resolution cis product in January of the year, has achieved universal coverage of low-end 8 million pixels to high-end 64 million and 200 million pixels.
In 2022, the company is expected to provide smartphone providers with more than 40 million image sensor products of more than 100 million pixel resolution.
Like the number of headlines increased from about 5 to 8-13, while car-mounted ciss gradually upgraded to pixels, from vga to 1 m to 2 m to 8 m, the value of single cameras gradually increased, the volume price increased the size of the car-mounted cis market, and the icinsights projected the gas.
Cars will be the fastest growing area of Cis in the next five years, and will reach $5.1 billion by 2025. The company is the second largest car-car-cis supplier in the world after Ansommy, providing more than 30 car-cis products, including:
In the areas of front, rear, back-view, inside, adas, etc., applications have been widely applied to car brands in Europe and America and Asia and the Pacific. Since 2022, companies have been issuing 3 million, 5 million and 8 million new cis-mounted pixels.
Other cis applications, companies have complete cis product lines in the fields of medical care, drones, security surveillance, ar/vr, etc., with higher market occupancy rates. According to icinsights, growth projections for the next five years in various cis areas are projected: medical and health care
tddi widens the operational boundary and builds second-growth with analogue, radio frequency company tddi product lines, from hd720p to fhd1080p, displays full coverage from 60hz, 90hz, 120hz to 144hz, contact point rate support
120hz to 240hz. The ratio rose to 5.81%, thanks to the wealth of production experience of leading mobile phone customers around the world. Meanwhile, in 2021, the company acquired the R & D and manufacturing of tddi and ddic in the Shenzhen Gidisbo back-loading market.
In addition, the company ' s operations include separate devices (tvs, mosfet, Shortki II poles, etc.), power management ic (charger, ldo, switch, dc-dc, led backlight drive, etc.) and product lines such as radio frequency chips.
In our view, the company’s leading position in the field of cis is strong, and it is expected to benefit from the rapid expansion of the car’s smart-car-loaded cis market. At the same time, the company’s layout in the direction of tddi, analogue, radio frequency, etc. is gradually increasing.
Now, the future is expected to be a second-growth curve for firms’ long-term development. Industry’s downside risks, new product R&D is not as fast as expected, industry’s competition exacerbates risks, overseas policy changes, etc.
• Electronics Group Presentation: Mao Jianxian University, three years of U.S. semiconductor company work experience, participation in a global leading semiconductor advanced process project, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in the U.S. dollar securities from 2018 to 2020
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design at the Nanyang Polytechnic University of Singapore, has reflected my research views in the Chinese typhoon martial arts chip. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for any of the suggestions or comments made in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.