Second growth curve opened with low-value high-quality semiconductor dragons.
The \triangleright Division has achieved an estimated $24 billion (yoy+21 per cent), of which approximately $20.5 billion has been generated from semiconductor design operations that have developed semiconductor structures in synergy with three solution operations: image sensors, touch and display, simulation, etc.
Automobile semiconductor starships are growing rapidly. At the end of January, we released a report on Weir's shares \triangleright car semiconductor depths, analysing Weir's car semiconductor with car cis at its core at three levels.
In 2021, it benefited from a global wave of car electricization, intelligence, and a significant increase in the number of car-borne cis pixels and bicycle-borne cameras. As a global core vehicle-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-supplier, Wei, the company achieved revenue of about $2.3 billion, an increase of about 85 per cent; in 2022, with the company.
The share of car-borne cis continues to rise, with cars with semiconductors except for cis, which are expected to continue to grow at a high rate, and to increase the share of corporate revenue as a whole. Security cis has been exceeding expectations, and mobile phone cis has steadily increased its share of high-level products.
In addition to \triangleright, there was a high rate of growth in the company ' s security sector cis revenues. In 2021, the company ' s security cis revenues increased by about 70 per cent, mainly as a result of the company ' s continued strength and market share in the medium- and high-end security products.
In the area of mobile phones, the company’s income ratio of high-level pixels increased steadily while maintaining a steady level of income, and successfully rolled out 200 million pixels/0.61 m pixel-sized products, leading the market on a continuous basis. In addition, in 2021, the company’s business income was in the lead in its share.
There has also been a significant increase in the areas of motor power, medical care, ar/vr.
tddi's business continues to break through, creating a new profit growth point. In 2021, company tddi's business was on top of \triangleright 2.
In a single season with a record high Māori rate and a high level of profitability, a high annual growth rate of over 1.8 billion yuan was achieved in 2021, with an evaluation of the stock of Weir (603501):
The company’s ttdi product is produced in a number of front-line mobile brand customers and has recently launched the ledddic product, 4 [Henry Electronics] Weir stock (6035001):
Further refinement of the product matrix, coupled with a better level of productivity security, is expected to maintain high growth rates in 2022
The divisional platform semiconductor development path and the depth of the layout of the vehicle semiconductor area maintain a “recommended” rating. The methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for the content and views of the report. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.