Non-bank financial insurance iii The nine-storey stage of non-bank financial insurance is built on the ground - the depth of life insurance - the industry: the outlook for personal risk is wide and the pattern of competition is optimal. 1) The outlook: the continued accumulation of social wealth, ageing and so on.
The demand for insurance has increased rapidly, and the density and depth of personal risk in the country have increased. As the population's financial awareness has improved, the regulatory system has improved, the quality of the proxy corps has improved, and the personal risk has risen to 45.10% in 2018, reflecting a recovery in concentration that reflects the emergence of the industry's transition from a venture based on strong product research.
nbv gives v a strong internal growth power: 1) Life in danger has reached 80% of China’s life, and industry is second.
ev high growth is due to high growth in nbv. New pressure has been maintained since this year, but the benefits of the nbvm uplift in nbv have remained strong. 2) High nbvm is attributable to channels (resolved risk) and products (safe type). 3) High nbvm is expected to increase further in comparison to the first-line urban layout.
A secure profit-source structure is gradually moving toward friendly countries. Xiev is less affected by investment volatility: secure collection is less well-positioned than industry, increased equity asset allocation (primarily equity) in recent years has significantly increased the volatility of total return on investment under ifrs9.
As an actuarial assumption, the investment bias is less perturbing about the stability of the event. The investment proposal is that we continue to look at a safe medium- and long-term growth space and maintain a "buy-in" rating.
In addition, the four-quarter Nbv acceleration of Van Qinglin barrier products were sold below expectations and regulatory policy changes.
Peace in China: bright performance, and still room for improvement in valuation: peace in China: steady performance, high value growth.
(i) Continue to take good note of the outlook for the personal security market in the country. Life insurance operations have increased rapidly, and health insurance has continued to grow at a high rate.
We believe that the strong growth in health insurance operations is due mainly to 1) the sustained rise in the income level of our population, with a further increase in the middle-class ratio; 2) the increased stress on working life,1 the rejuvenation of the disease, which has stimulated the need for acute and medical care; 3) the increased policy support for the health sector as the burden of medical care increases.
The increase in health insurance premiums will remain higher than in personal insurance operations. In the last five years, the income from the original personal insurance premiums was about 70% of the total premium income (property + person), of which life insurance was about 55%, health insurance 12%, accident insurance 3% (57% by July 2019, health insurance 16%, accident insurance 3%).
The low increase in premiums for personal insurance has been largely influenced by the formal implementation in 2017 of Circular No. 134, which shut down a large number of short- and medium-term holdings, while sales of long-term guaranteed products have become more difficult, with combined effects delaying the increase in premiums throughout the year. Since 2019, there has been a marked improvement in the increase in the revenue of the original premium under the renewal policy, with an increase of 13.85 per cent over the previous July.
The potential need for insurance is large, and this is reflected in the accelerated ageing of the population as a result of the steady accumulation of social wealth. The development of the insurance sector is closely linked to the economic development of the country as a whole, with the steady growth of our economy, the continued accumulation of social wealth, and the growth of the middle class.
Consumers’ awareness of insurance products has also increased, insurance willingness has increased, and demand is expected to drive high premium income growth over the long term. Figure 3: The country’s middle class has grown even further.
Figure 4: The estimated share of older persons over 60 years of age in 2030 is about 25%. The potential of the personal risk market is enormous and remains to be exploited. However, relative to the state of economic development, the human risk density (3.03% in 2018) and the human risk depth (1953 yuan/person) are still low.
On the other hand, early disruptions in the insurance sector have greatly undermined the population’s willingness to provide insurance. As the population’s awareness of financial management has increased, the regulatory system has been further improved, the quality of the proxies has improved, and prospects for the development of life and personal insurance are high.
The insurance industry has contributed more than half of the country’s original premium revenues – 3.85 trillion yuan, an increase of 41.35 per cent from 2018. The agent channel has contributed more than half of the country’s original premium revenues –3. In reality, the national insurance agent has been floating up and down by 3 million by 2015, and the insurance agent was eliminated by 2015.
The short-term surge in the number of agents in the industry after the qualification examination led to a two-year blow-out growth of 45 per cent and 39 per cent, respectively, from 3.25 million in 2014 to 6.57 million in 2016, an increase of more than 1 x. By the end of 2018, the number of national insurance agents had exceeded 8.7 million, and the risk workforce disclosed by the above-mentioned insurance companies had been broadly calculated only in the country.
Life, peace, eunuchs, and Xinhua account for nearly 47%. Admittedly, standardized training for proxies and entry departments has been a deterrent to the broad growth of insurance agents, and after 2015 insurance agents have doubled their expansion and the elimination of qualification examinations and the introduction of “scramble-out” training.
However, we believe that the elimination of the qualification examination for insurance agents is a corollary to the disciplining of the qualification examination, that the qualification examination for insurance agents is too simple and that, as our insurance industry expands from size to quantity and progresses together, the professional qualifications of insurance agents are increasingly demanding, and that the qualification examination does not, indeed, meet the high-quality development requirements of our insurance industry.
Our insurance agent theory is 11.6 million people. Our theory of the size of our agent is capped by Taiwan, and given the developed insurance market in Taiwan, the ratio of 1 per cent of its insurance agent to the total population is benchmark 4. Our population peaks at 1.45 billion people, and the upper limit of 80 per cent for urbanization (which is not necessarily 80 per cent when the population peak is reached).
This is why we expect the size of the insurance agent to be either negative or zero this year, with a fast-growing era that has passed, followed by or maintained small-digit growth to adjust to business expansion needs, and a higher premium.
(ii) The pattern of competition in the market has moved towards a sustained period of optimization, which has led to an increase in concentration, highlighting the optimal pattern of competition in the sector. With regard to competition in the market, concentration in the sector has been declining in 2009-16.
As a result of increased market participation and increased competition, a large number of small and medium-sized insurance companies took over the market with promises of high-yield fiscal insurance products. As a result of the fall of a series of regulatory policies in 2017, the return to the guarantors became the industry’s direction, thanks to the advent of a high-risk life insurance scheme.
A combination of advantages, including product design, brand visibility, agent size (channels), and a degree of release of the market share of asset-driven small and medium-sized risk companies prior to their share of the liability. The market share is expected to increase further on the basis of this healthy life, with 45.10% of the year in which the market competes.
In fact, insurance agents in developed insurance markets, accounting for about 1% of the urban population, fell by 20% a year, recovered to 20.42% in 2018, as did Xinhua Insurance, which has a relatively stable life expectancy. Life expectancy is still relatively stable in the years in which the market share of small and medium-sized insurance companies encroaches, with the share of premiums rising in 2016.
Moreover, the gap between life expectancy and life expectancy in China has continued to decrease, with single-month premiums exceeding the frequency of life expectancy in China (2/4/5/7 this year), with a market share of 19.84% and 16.13% in July of 2019, a difference of only 3.71pt. In our view, the transformation of the industry has been accompanied by the expectation that the venture capital will gain more market share on the basis of strong product R&D, pipelines, etc.
As noted earlier, one of the reasons behind the decline in industrial concentration is the increase in market participation, with the number of personal insurance companies having increased from 59 to 91 nationwide in 2009-2018, mostly from 31 to 63, and the large number of newly established small and medium-sized insurance companies that have made short or partial sales.
Insurance products of a financial nature, absorbing large premiums, encroaching on the market share of the Dragon Life Insurance Company until 2017 and 18, and II. Group Senior Life Insurance: new business values show strong endogenous growth (i) Safety Insurance Profile
The Peace Insurance Group, formerly the Shenzhen Insurance Company, founded in Shenzhen in 1988, began its life insurance operations in 1994 and changed its name to “China Peace Insurance Company” in 1997. In 2002, the company changed its name to “China Peace Insurance Group” Inc. as an investor and held separate shares in safe production insurance and safety.
We look at the results of the life insurance operations of three companies, namely, Life, Pension, and Health and Safety.
At the end of the year, the first professional pension insurance company in the country was set up in 2005, with safe health insurance contributing more than half of its income, and life insurance being more profitable. By specific financial indicators, the share of income earned was more than 60 per cent per annum, and the share of income earned from maternity and life insurance in 2018 was 21.69 per cent and 47.66 per cent respectively (17.46 per cent and 17.46 per cent respectively).
In terms of net assets, the ratio of H119 life insurance operations to 40.02 per cent is figure 13.
As the most powerful illustration of the value of life insurance, valueev has been the primary and central criterion for measuring the development of different life insurance enterprises. Peace has been focused on developing life insurance operations since its inception, and has taken the lead in introducing one.
Good life risk marketing systems. Good life risk business bottoms and appropriate business strategies keep its intrinsic value second in the industry for a long time, keeping the gap between life expectancy in China and that of the boss in the industry closes to 80% of life expectancy in China. H119 Chinese life expectancy and life safety insurance rank first and second in the industry for $886.4 billion and $713.2 billion, respectively.
In terms of growth, the rate of increase in value included in life insurance has exceeded that of a colleague since 2017 (2017/2018/h119 using actuarial assumptions or slight differences, respectively, but the comparisons between v and nbv are still relatively high.ev The calculation process is complex and non-disclosed, with a variety of actuarial assumptions. Domestic life insurance companies, because of the same macro-level environment, use the same life tables and disease incidence tables, etc.
The risk companies may have a slight difference in some assumptions, such as discount rates, cost rates, etc. The impact is higher than the discount rate.
Set up (11 per cent for life insurance, 10 per cent for Chinese life and 11.5 per cent for Xinhua) and investment rate assumptions (USD 5 per cent for life insurance, 5 per cent for life insurance in addition to co-insurance, Xinhua divided into multi-insurance and multi-duration, life-insurance insurance divided into short-term and long-term insurance). If discounted to 11 per cent (statistical adjustment, no dynamic retroactivity), then h119 Chinese at the end of the year
Life, Xinhua Insurance, effective business values - 8.73 per cent, and +4.88 per cent (a much lower change in dynamics). It is worth noting that the life insurance firm actuarial assumptions are interrelated and that China ' s life discount rate of 10 per cent has been adjusted to 11 per cent with a sharper decrease in the apparent effective business value, with a lower real decrease if other assumptions are taken into account and developments have been retroactive.
New business values are the core drivers of value growth. Specific deconstructing of value in life insurance begins with the contribution of value-added to the expected return on value and the new business value nbv, both of which remain constant for years.
The difference in the second operating experience has always been at a lower level of intrinsic value, and its impact has been negative, with a high volatility of investment returns and a relatively low impact in other areas. At the beginning of the period, the most central of the expected return on value was the adjustment of net assets to the 5% return on investment and to the effective operational value of the investment.
Growth at a discount rate of 11% and sustainability is also premised on the constant replenishment of new business values, so it is easy to understand that nbv is the central driver of the growth of the ev. Further disabling the variation of the ev every year, nbv pulls up to 79.8% in 2018.
Inevitably deviations from expected investment returns are reflected in the impact of macroeconomic fluctuations, the size and structure of investment assets, the uneven return on investments in 2016-2018, taking into account the impact of short-term investment fluctuations, the increase in financial assets measured at fair value under the application of ifrs9 and whose movements are factored into current gains and losses,
With the combined effect of moving the average rate of return on the country’s debt down by 750 per day, which results in the current allocation of profits being affected by the reserve bill build-up, operating profits are more likely to measure the long-term sustainability of the company’s profitability. Life insurance roev is among the top companies in the market.
The formula is presented in the form of roev = inlined operating profits/inlined values, including values In the change analysis, operating profits = in the value expected return + new business value creation + operational contribution of life insurance at the beginning of the period. Annual life insurance, Xinhua insurance, life insurance, and Chinese life insurance roev (disclosed caliber) are 30.85%, respectively.
22.30%, 18.28%, 16.40%, and 14.99%. Nbvm growth supports nbv. Nbvm rises under new monolithic pressure and triggers nbv growth. From nbv absolute value, life security against Chinese life has increased further since 2016.
Nbv is 72.3 billion yuan, or 22.8 billion yuan more than Chinese life, or 411,34.6 billion yuan respectively. The main reason is that the products and channels behind the difference in values are different, and that peace has been based on a risk-oriented approach, relying on a team of its agents, deep-farming and guaranteed markets, and a strong effort to develop long-term guaranteed products, which is one of the logics of China’s life transition.
Five insurance companies, nbv, increased at a rate of 25,59%, China 22.73%, China 5.92%, China 8.36%, and Xinhua 8.70% respectively. Life insurance ' s focus and investment on a single risk greatly boosts the intrinsic growth momentum of the intrinsic value, with a decrease of 8.59 pct in the size of the new H119 life insurance policy, benefiting from an increase in the value of new business nbvm.
Business value increased by 4.70 per cent over the year, reflecting the difficulty of the industry ' s transformation. (iii) Deep-farming, new business value-rate industry with the highest 1, and risk-driven business-value rate rising steadily
In 2017, the former Council announced the end of a three-to-four-year premium dinner, and by adopting regulations for the design and development of personal risk products, the 134 document weakened the investment attributes of insurance products, forced the transformation of the industry, and returned to the original purpose of insurance guarantees. But the path to transformation has never been a one-off one-off one, with short-term pains but long-term benefits for good industry.
In the past few years, with the return of the industry to large risks, peace has been able to keep its pace constant, and the premium has remained relatively stable.
Structures. h119 Life Insurance, Xinhua Insurance, Xinhua Insurance and China ' s Life Insurance Channel contributions were 93.17%, 91.73%, 81.07% and 76.87%, respectively.
The channel is the highest for a risk agent, and the product is the highest for the long term. The importance of a risk channel for insurance companies can be illustrated by the new business value ratio, where we use the “new business value ratio = new business value/first year size premium” calculation to measure the efficiency of the potential economic value created by the new business.
The new business value of the product is the highest, with the product looking at the insurance agent channel, where the value of the new insurance provider is much higher than that of the other product. The product is also different from that of the counterpart distribution.
Most of the products are savings-plus-guaranteed, with a higher value than those of fiscal insurance, while the very characteristics of the silver cover include a stronger financial identity for the customer, which also determines its suitability to sell simple, short-term, financially biased insurance products, and to supplement some of the cash flows of the insurance companies, which are the channels through which some of the asset-driven and liability-driven insurance companies expand.
With the data disclosed through the life insurance policy, we know that the new business value of long-term guaranteed products in a risk agent channel is the highest, at 97 per cent, while the new business value of the silver insurance channel is less than 20 per cent, so theoretically it is obvious to raise the high value of the channel and the product ratio for the new business value of the whole.
With the selection of four new business values for publicly listed insurance insurance (the elimination of life insurance), we can see a steady increase in their new business value rates, as major insurance companies actively promote the transformation, focusing on large insurance, periods, optimizing product structures, and vigorously develop long-term guaranteed insurance products. In 2018, their new business value rates were 47.9% for Xinhua insurance, 43.7% for Xinhua insurance, and 43.7% for Xinhua insurance.
Life expectancy is 43.7% and life expectancy in China is 31.1%, with Nbvm rising and pushing up the Nbvv growth. h119 Life Security is up from 1.0 to 44.7% compared to the previous year’s year’s adverse situation, and Xinhua, Xinhua, Xinhua, 4 to 37.9%, 39.0%, 27.2%, respectively, is down from the same period last year.
See, a steady increase of 5.7 pct, a fall of 8.6 per cent on the same scale as in the new policy, followed by an increase of 4.7 per cent in nbv, while Xinhua grew by 21.50 per cent on the same date but dragged down by 12.5 per cent on nbvm, with an increase of 22.7 per cent in nbv under the combined effect of 1.24 per cent on the new bill and 4.8 per cent on the nbvm, and a fall in the new business value ratio on the Xinhua policy.
The value of services declined by 8.4%, and channel restructuring often complemented the optimization of the product structure, i.e., the tendency to move closer to larger risks was often accompanied by a restructuring of the product structure. As noted earlier, staggered, safeguardd products often lead to higher value rates, resulting in a difficult transformation of the industry.
The booster effect of the renewal premium is becoming more apparent, and the premium renewal is the delayed effect of the pre-payment, especially when the company is more likely to survive a more difficult period under new obligations. Channels: the ratio of personal operating premiums that we have already discussed in the previous paragraph on life insurance has reached 93%, of which the new generation is looking at.
The rate of pay-as-you-go has remained stable at more than 93%, supporting an overall rate of 90%. It is worth noting that the rate of pay-in-services has shown a remarkable increase, currently 86%; while the net sales of short-term insurance products, driven by the flow economy, have led to a drop in pay-out rates, and Nbvm, who observe the distribution of power, has found that this is not very low, mainly because of electricity.
Product: Insurance products often need to be explained and marketed by insurance agents because of the complexity of the terms, so that the channel properties of the insurance products emerge. This is why the new business values of the different channels vary so much, except for the channel costs.
The most important factors are the products sold in the channels. Complexly designed safeguard products, such as long-term health insurance, often require a full interpretation of the policy by insurance agents, a full appreciation of the insured person’s physical condition, and standardized insurance policies, such as fiscal insurance, short-term care insurance, can be delivered through banks and the Internet, often more efficient.
While the shares of the Red and Manpower Insurance have been declining for almost five years, long-term health and traditional life insurance have increased significantly, and short-term care insurance has increased at a faster pace, but a smaller share of the base has been rising slowly. With the circular issued by the silver guard at the end of August to adjust interest rates for the assessment of the personal risk, we expect to move on with the high-predicted interest rate of the annual risk.
There is still room for further growth in the company’s share of traditional life and long-term health insurance. Apart from optimized channels and product structures, transition sites must not leave insurance agents.
The drivers of nbv consider that the increase in the new premium is due to the rapid growth in the number of agents and the rapid increase in per capita capacity, while the increase in the value ratio is the increase in the share of long-term guaranteed products. The high Nbvm of long-term guaranteed products has led to an increase in the overall nbvm, while the proxy system plays a central driving role in the risk channel.
As we have already discussed earlier, the growth of insurance agents has passed, and the next increase in efficiency is even more crucial. China is safe. By replicating the friendly model, China has taken the lead in building a system of agents in the country, which now stands at 1.29 million, and it is worth noting that the size of the agents is once around 20,000 different from China’s life.
Even negative growth, H119 life insurance agents are 130,000 fewer than they were at the beginning of the year, ranging from an increase in size to a greater quest for effectiveness, and the expansion of agents has, to some extent, underpinned the difficult marketing of transformational products. But the bruising pre-optimal magnification is becoming increasingly problematic, practitioners are not well informed, or even wrong, and the falsely exaggerated growth is widespread, leading to the creation of proxies.
We believe that the generous staff build-up dividend through the policy window has been exhausted, and that the next step for the listed venture as the industry’s leader will be to focus more on team quality, per capita capacity, and retention rates. In terms of size of the team, it has experienced high growth in 2015 and 2016, with four major listed companies.
The agent entered a low-digit growth or even a negative growth, with a 9.27 per cent and 6.02 per cent drop in agent-size life insurance at the end of H119 compared to the beginning of the year, a 4.32 per cent increase in Xinhua and a 9.31 per cent negative increase in life on a high basis.
The new policy premium is on the whole declining. h119 new policy premium per agent for life insurance is $9295 per month, a decrease of 3.90 per cent in the same year, and a decrease of 9.27 per cent in the first half of the year compared to the beginning of the year and 8.08 per cent in the same year, but the agent channel nbvm has increased by 1.75 pct, a rise of 9.91 pct compared to the beginning of the year.
A strong client base, in the window of opportunity for industrial transformation, with life insurance as a cornerstone, a steady consolidation of insurance as the country's first company to introduce a personal life insurance marketing system, a focus and constant development of personal customer value.
The remaining margin balance of the life insurance policy, which exceeded Chinese life in 2017, remained high at 28% of the high base, rising to 78.6 billion yuan in 2018, and H119 to 86.7 billion yuan at the beginning of the year.
From a client base, companies have always followed the group’s focus on individual customer values. Whether it is the “individual integrated financial services group” proposed in 2012 or the “individual financial life service provider” introduced in 2014 and extended to the present day, the company’s financial service provider has been a major player.
The group’s vision shows the course of the group’s business. The number of individual clients of the life insurance policy has been increasing at a rate of between 10 and 13 per cent over the past five years, reaching 5,731 million by 2018. In addition to the growth in the number of clients, the life insurance business has also shown strong customer stickyness, with the policy withdrawal rate at 2 per cent.
The following lows, which continue to outperform the industry, underscore the strong competitiveness of a safe and secure clientele, both in terms of the product itself and in terms of the softness of the insurance service. A high-base client base with high stickyness is expected to push the life-saving business even further. And the real capital of a life-save also reached 76,4.7 billion yuan in 2018, displaying strong capital strength and strength.
We believe that life-safety operations are backed up by the Peace Group, which benefits 196 million individual customers and 576 million Internet users, and the security group’s global capital strength, and that life-saves will form a positive face-to-face with the group.
Feedback mechanisms to promote higher quantitative and qualitative performance in life insurance operations. Figure 37: Strong capital strength (billions of dollars)
Admittedly, the transformation of insurance companies in the context of industry ' s return to insurance guarantees is inevitable in order to survive the throes, leaving aside the possibility of a regenerative development. While over-exploitation of the size of the premiums and the city ' s share is not desirable, it is based on poor product structure and low channel value, and life insurance has achieved both quality and quantity.
As far as the development of guaranteed products is concerned, we believe that a high market share in the core urban areas is an indication of the market share of the region. Jiangsu, China’s first-largest food silo for life, has been expected to recover steadily in recent years as personnel adjustments have been made. The market share of Shandong Branch has begun to rise, narrowing the gap with China’s declining life expectancy.
And Guangdong Branch, with its dominant edge, we think it is possible to maintain or even widen the gap, with less possibility of reversal. More sophisticated markets, we look at the more market-oriented cities of Beijing, Shanghai, and Shenzhen, and we find that the first city has completely lost its Chinese life, and there is a tendency to open up to a further increase in the trend toward a safer life.
In 2018, China’s life was 17.33 and 6.54 per cent (a difference of 10.79 pct), Shanghai 18.19 per cent (a difference of 11.58 pc) and Shenzhen 35.72 per cent (a difference of 25.36 pct).
In the context of the structural transformation of insurance products, we believe that the future is particularly important for the share of the market in first-line and new-line cities, with more demand for the allocation of insurance products in economically developed regions, more acceptance of long-term guaranteed products and a future market orientation, and that for the life-threatening industry currently in transition, life-saving insurance is expected to capture this window period and further stabilize or even expand.
Advantages, which are positive for further business development. But there is a need to keep an eye on the changes in their share at a later stage, and we believe that based on a safe and deep-deep market, there is hope that the current window opportunity period will continue to be a leader.
1. The balance of indebtedness or the most important consideration of investors is that friendly premium revenues are relatively stable at the end of the debt. Friends, as a deep-deeper Hong Kong, radiated Asia-Pacific, global-oriented international financial risk or economic crisis, would otherwise be cushioned by some of the downturns in the market because of the diversity of the premium structure.
Peace is not the case, because reliance on the single market, the mainland China region, is extremely strong, which leads to a less stable level of security-related revenue, with our current insurance density and depth being lower than that of developed countries, the economy remaining the second largest economy in the world, with a growth rate of over 6 per cent, and the insurance industry still “long-term gold growth.” The risk of dependence on the single market will follow.
At the end of the asset, friendly investment returns are not better than safe. In terms of risk management, the allocation of funds is predominantly based on firm returns, so net return on risk investment tends to be more flat.
Friends have the advantage of international asset allocation, but, thanks to the country’s fast-growing economy, they have invested mainly in the country, but with a rate of return that is not less than that of friends. Indeed, with excellent investment capacity and dividends from domestic economic development, the net rate of return on investment has been higher than that of friends for nearly five years.
Because friends only reveal the regional distribution of government-type bonds (24% of their total investment assets), other assets are not disclosed, and we cannot judge whether the globalization of investment has given friends effective protection against downside investment risks. We believe that even with global asset allocation capacity, friends are subject to risk-based investment strategies, as well as inadequate incentives in South-East Asia.
The US and European advanced economies are suffering from low interest rates, and investors’ consideration of asset-end performance may be far less important than the debt burden. Friendship and Peace All-Hazard Settlement rates support the fact that inland investment returns are not as low as overseas.
It is true that overseas asset allocation does have a long-term capacity to resist the downside of the economy, while the domestic economy moves into a new normal, with long-end interest rates on the downward trend.
We believe that even if the investment area is concentrated, asset-end performance is not a drag on the valuation. Moreover, with the depth of financial opening and the encouragement of policy, safe investment will become even more international.
It's not surprising, and it's not bad for peace to compare. Investors are more interested in the performance of the end of the debt. Debt-driven assets, as a traditional business model for insurance companies, now seem to give more certainty about the end of the debt in South-East Asia, where there is still much room for insurance density and depth.
It's not as important as we thought it would be. 2. The profit period of the amortized carrier is profit-oriented, and if we look at it from this perspective, the profit period is a reflection of the business's continued profitability.
Insurance companies, which essentially operate cash flows, have a profit model based on large numbers of laws and centres, and control the “flow” of cash through a series of actuarial pricing assumptions and formulas. At the point where one type of policy is sold, its insured profit release is largely locked, and the key is the speed with which the profit is released.
In terms of the structure of operations, insurance companies are mainly divided into savings-based and safeguard-based categories. Savings-based insurance products are usually paid later in the insurance period, i.e. cash flow expenditures are usually paid later in the insurance period; and savings-type vehicles are used more often than not.
The residual margin amortization under the carrier is relatively balanced, and the profit release is more stable. For safeguard-type insurance products, insurance carriers are usually used, which typically exhibit a “front-high-low-low” feature, i.e., the residual margin will be amortized in the prior period, resulting in a clear pre-profit effect. However, given the different types of risk involved in amortization carriers, high-value operations, even under faster amortization, have a residual marginal balance.
Because of the different disclosure requirements, we are not able to learn about the remaining marginality of friendly countries, nor are we able to measure the profit period through the slowness of the remaining marginal amortization. Reference is made to the price sensitivity analysis of the bonds over time, in Macaulayduration.
For example, reflecting the sensitivity of bond prices to changes in interest rates, i.e., the profit period used to examine the venture, can be translated into a sensitivity analysis of the risk discount rate for the new business value nbv and the effective business value vifb.
\deltap/p\approx-\text{macd}*\deltai/1+i) is based on the following two formulas: \mod\approx-\deltap/p/\deltai, where macd indicates a long time for McCauley, a long term for revision, a discount rate for i and a price for p.
Considering the sensitivity of Nbv to the risk discount rate disclosed by both Peace and Friendship, we measure the profit period of Nbv. At the same time, as nbv is converted to vifb over time, the Nbv calculation is more representative. While there are variations in the disclosure calibre between the two locations, mainly involving actuarial assumptions, it does not affect the general judgement, as it is essentially funds.
The time-value problem is that interest rate movements are analysed in the same direction and on a smaller margin. It is measured that the profit period is shorter than that of a friend. The profit period is much more pronounced in 2016, when the profit is changed to two generations later, and the duration of the business restructuring (product + channel) is significantly shorter.
In terms of the speed with which profits are released and the high and low value of the business, friendship and peace are pre-profit models, but friendships are significantly higher than they are for the next five years or so. We believe that the length of the profit period cannot be reduced simply to a dilution of profits, but rather to a higher guarantee of future profit growth, which is even more important because of the impact of fluctuations in investment returns on the profits of risk companies.
In addition, the high value of friendly products increases the profit period.3 In terms of the profit structure, the ratio of dividends, etc., the high value of friendly countries, which is blocked and long, benefits from the “security” they offer to investors.
Whether the end of the debt (negative) or the end of the profit (long term) is analysed, there is a gap between life insurance and friendship. Admittedly, domestic insurance (life insurance) markets are promising, but for the most important factors affecting investors, friends give a clearer “expected” or friendly business model that allows investors to see certain performance over a longer period of time, creating a hidden picture.
Even with differences in actuarial assumptions, data comparability remains strong. The differences between economic levels, quality of life, regulatory environment, etc., are greater, which leads to some differences in the underlying data and assumptions of the venture to build a business model, but the nature of the model’s application and business operation.
It is common. Comparable or reduced under different actuarial assumptions, e.g., when the friendly discount rate assumption is lower than in the interior, which results in a much higher-than-safe Nbvm, but given that the product structure and channel distribution reflected in nbvm is the only way to take account of the company ' s merit or otherwise, indicators such as nbvm and nbv remain highly comparable to the reference of different actuarial assumptions.
Figure 50: New business value rates or failures in a far more peaceful friendly country: Figure 51: Life-saving risk source structures also show that companies practice value as a priori, that investment ends up in profit considerations, and that dividends can be strongly invested in confidence. For investors, seeking return on investment is:
In the short term, dividends and sales differentials, and, in the long run, participation in the company’s operations. The company’s fundamentals are ballasts held by investors, and our concern is to have value rather than to ignore profits, and the investment ends up in real profits for the company, while the steady dividends increase investors’ confidence.
3. The value inherent in life insurance is less affected by fluctuations in investment (i) The high proportion of equity investment increases performance volatility, both in terms of total and net return on investment, with China showing greater volatility.
The scale has continued to expand, with h119 increasing from 5.80 to 2.96 trillion yuan at the end of the previous year. In 2018, China experienced a marked decline in the rate of return on its net investment, which affected the overall investment returns of insurance companies on the market, and China ' s life rates were 3.70 per cent, 4.60 per cent, 4.60 per cent, and 3.28 per cent, respectively.
With regard to the return on venture capital, apart from the company ' s investment strategy (mainly equity-based buy-and-buy times and fixed-income long-term allocations), it depends mainly on the portfolio, which is subject to regulatory requirements and tends to be conservative in its selection. Given the slightly different calculus of disclosure of corporate investment assets, we have chosen to compare a smaller calculus of peace and e-safety.
Capital is mainly allocated to solid goods, followed by equity, which is almost 95%, investment in real estate and cash and so on, which are less well-positioned than insurance, and in recent years has increased the allocation of equity assets (primarily equity investments).
. The increase in equity asset allocation under ifrs9 has significantly increased the volatility of the total return on investment. In terms of the breakdown, the stock-base configuration under market warming has increased slightly. h119 secure receipts, equity, investment property, cash and equivalents have accounted for 71.2%, 22.3%, etc., respectively.
At 1.8%, 4.7%, the fixed-income configuration is slightly lower than the industry, and the equity class is higher than the industry.
Value increases, so that investment returns should be measured in terms of how volatile their volatility may be to intrinsic value. (ii) There is a strong ability to invest safely, and investment assumptions tend to favour growth in value. In fact, considering deviations under actuarial assumptions, fluctuations in return for investments in life insurance do not have a low impact on intrinsic value fluctuations, but
Most of them are positive. The impact of volatility in investment returns on the stability of the event, measured by the impact of factors such as investment bias and market value adjustment on the growth of the case, the impact of life insurance “(investment bias + market value adjustment)/the beginning of life insurance” is higher than that of the country, but is significantly lower than that of the country, and the impact of a single investment bias on the event is marked by volatility in life safety insurance, mainly due to the right to life insurance.
It is worth noting that the positive contribution of the investment bias to the growth of theev is not an absolute increase in the return on the investment, but rather a deviation in the actuarial assumptions and actual occurrences. We can see from the sensitivity analysis of the return on the investment by the latter that the risks are in the market.
On a vertical basis, the value included in the life insurance policy is affected by the wave of return on investment, which is now 50 bp below, with the same value at about 7.25%. On a horizontal level, the value of the other three listed risk companies is more than 15% below 50 bp against the return on investment, taking into account the adjustment of net assets.
In summary, the volatility of investment returns should not only take into account the absolute positive growth in investment returns, but also be assessed in the context of the actuarial assumptions of the insurers. The investment style of the listed companies is either focused, but the sensitivity analysis of the underlying value is the same.
Standard, less sensitive than the steady increase in the value inherent in the venture. (iii) The downward pressure on long-end interest rates is felt as quickly as possible at the end of the year.
The lower interest rate, calculated on the basis of the average rate of return on national debt, would result in a lower discount rate, and the company would make more accounting reserves, thereby affecting the distribution of profits released over time, that is, the residual marginal amortization; and the lower interest rate would result in a pressure on the investment of the venture capital. The lower interest rate (the 10-year rate of return on national debt) would have an impact on the lower interest rate, as the average rate of return per 750 days was clear.
The obvious lag effect is that we can run a simple trend simulation.