In the first half of 2024, companies took full advantage of their global market marketing services networks and brand advantages, further increasing market openings, with battery assemblies delivering more than 38gw (including 1gw).
Dun Yongkang, a sales company with a network of sales services in 165 countries and territories around the world, has been pre-positioned through marketing channels that provide strong security for companies to deliver their goods in overseas markets.
In terms of production capacity, according to the company ' s plan, by the end of 24th year, the capacity of the company ' s components will reach 100gw and the capacity of silicon and battery production will reach 80% of the capacity of the components, of which the N-cell ratio is 57%.
At the same time as the Wang has a strong quantitative and cost advantage, overseas production capacity is actively deployed. In addition to South-East Asian integrated production capacity, the company US 2gw component capacity is under construction, and it is expected that high-profit market output will provide an additional amount of company performance when it lands.
Keeping down efficiency at its core, focusing on research and development and innovation. \triangleright
In the first half of the year, the company launched a number of new products with a high capacity of 635w and a maximum power of 22.8% of the components, with high capacity and efficiency, as well as resistance to salt fog, ultraviolet, humid, heat, and heat flares.
The advantages are that the return on investment from offshore photovoltaic power stations can be effectively guaranteed; the company issues the owbb component solution, with a component power of 645w and a conversion efficiency of more than 23.1 per cent, reducing the welding process through low-temperature welding.
The heat stress caused by battery fragments has effectively reduced the creation of hidden fissures and has raised the reliability of the components again.
Business front, with the acceleration of globalization and the proliferation of new technologies, the city’s share is expected to continue to rise, maintaining the “recommended” rating: performance is as expected, and the expansion of integrated production capacity consolidates the lead.
Performance exceeded expectations, integration deepened profitability - 2023 Price volatility of raw materials, lower demand downstream, less advanced overseas markets, etc.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not been, or will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.