q2 is up, low-priced plus high-cost N is making a profit.
The company was founded in 2005 with a battery-based operation, and began its vertical production in 2012. The company is steadily moving, building the topcon production capacity uphill, with 2024q2topcon delivering 63.5% of the goods and 14 pct, but still has 14 pct.
Some of the high-cost and inefficient battery fragments cause losses. In the second half of 2024, the company will control the low-cost bill plus the clean-up of the industry and gradually restore the company’s profits. 2024q2 operating cash flow is positive, with the cost ratio falling over the period. The company’s 2024h1 period fee
Profit forecasting and investment rating: considering increased competition in the industry and continuing downswings in prices, let's go down.
We maintain a “buy-in” rating, with a slight decline in profitability and a change in strategic acceleration.
Founded in 2005, the company began with a photovoltaic battery business, which gradually developed into a photovoltaic tap with the integration of silicon, battery, and components and downstream power station operations. In 2012, the compost 3gw integrated land became operational and the company was formally transformed into an integrated enterprise.
V. In November 2019, the company, which is a leading producer of photovoltaic products and one of the pioneers in the domestic photovoltaic industry, was successfully placed on the market to launch a new phase of development, including solar photovoltaic silicon bars, silicon tablets, batteries, and components, photovoltaic power station development, construction, and operation.
The entire industry chain, including equipment, has become one of the leading firms in the photovoltaic sector, where the industrial chain is complete, structured and coordinated. In recent years, companies have further strengthened their supply capacity for photovoltaic products, meeting the growth and diversification of downstream market demand, and consolidating their position as leaders in the photovoltaic industry.
In March 2024, Crystal and Austrotech, as the fifth manufacturing champion, successfully re-elected to the national manufacturing champion list. In June 2024, the company joined the national manufacturing champion list.
Based on the vertical integration model of the solar photovoltaic industry chain, companies have long been committed to providing photovoltaics to global customers.
Production system solutions, which are based on the development, production and marketing of solar photovoltaic silicon, batteries and components, the development, construction, operation of solar photovoltaic power stations, and the development, production and sale of photovoltaic materials and equipment. Production plants are well organized, both domestically and overseas, and are located mainly in Hebei Shijia and Xingtai, Jiangsuyang, Xin, Xin, etc.
Salt City and Lien Yun Harbour, Anhui Fatty, Shanghai Bong-hyun, Zhejiang Yi-U, Yunnan Ku-kyung and Inner Mongolia, Ordos, overseas production plants in the northern Vietnamese river. The company, based on its main industrial chain, the “Sighty Products Enterprise,” is constantly refining its organizational structure and creating “Ingent Energy”.
Ministry of Industry, Increased input from downstream photovoltaic applications, expansion of centralized, commercial and household distribution of photovoltaic power plants, scale-up, simultaneous exploration of the development of multiple photovoltaic applications, and integrated energy solutions such as energy conservation, resource recycling, storage, carbon management; establishment of the "New Photovoltaic Fuels Department" to strengthen new photovoltaic materials and equipment
Research and development forces, including such operations as photovoltaic crystallization equipment and assistive materials, photovoltaic guidance materials, component encapsulation materials, and supply assurance for the rapid development of the main industrial chain, contribute continuously to cost reduction. Companies adhere to the guiding idea of “catching opportunities, making progress, improving quality efficiency” by building a “one-wing” operation
Systemic architecture, robust high-voltaic intelligence manufacturing, fine-voltaic new materials and equipment industry, active development of downstream photovoltaic applications scenario solutions, and provision of the highest-quality integrated energy system solutions to clients. 1.3. Based on component integration, performance is largely in line with expectations
24q2 with a high volume of goods and a low-priced plus high-cost N-type profit-bearing pressure 2024h1 units yielding 35.3 billion yuan, 10 per cent less, and battery assembly output exceeding 38gw (including 63.5 per cent of topcon capacity climbs, with 2024q2topcon with a 14 pct increase in ring costs)
3.24q2 operating cash flow is positive and the cost ratio has declined over the period 23,465 million yuan for the period 2024h1, an increase of 38.7 per cent, a cost rate of 6.3 per cent for the period, an increase of 2.2 pct, taking into account the company's photovoltage status, and its current position at the bottom of the industry, its future capacity, and the company's projected profits are expected to be gradually improved.
In turn, we maintain a “buy-in” rating. (1) Policies are not as predictable. Future policy trends have a greater impact on the profitability of the industry and on corporate performance. (2) Competition increases. If competition in the industry increases, it will affect the profitability of firms within the industry.
The three major financial forecasting tables of JST are now eligible for portfolio investment advisory services, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.