Researchchand developmentcenter 2022q1 performance meets expectations, Hpv vaccine growth is high and home-grown products are phased out
On May 04, 2022q1, 2022, 04, 2022, 04, 04, 04, 04, 04, 04, 04, 04, 04, 04, 04, 04, 04, ,                                                                          ,
Twissman (300122) 10,184 million yuan in net profit not attributable to the mother, an increase of 206,48 per cent in the same year and 49.99 per cent in net cash flow from operating activities, of which 4.8 million hpv were issued throughout the year, an increase of 22 per cent and 9 per cent in the same year.
The Hpv vaccine was issued for 10.2 million doses a year, an increase of 101 per cent over the same year, and Hpv was expected to contribute between $17 billion and $18 billion in revenue throughout the year; 7.31 million batches of five-priced rotavirus vaccine were issued, with a larger investment in research and development, and pipelines continued to materialize. A total of 28 companies were in the research and development phase, with influenza viruses.
Clinical trials for fission vaccine and 23-priced polysugar vaccine for pneumonia have been completed and are in preparation for declaration. 15-price combination of pneumococcus vaccine, rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells), rabies vaccine (vero cells) vaccine for freezing stem people, four-priced influenza virus fission vaccine, and sodium dysentery combined.
One species is in clinical phase two, four are clinical phase one, and 13 are pre-clinical.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Smart Flying Organisms: Hpv vaccine and two-wheel-drive flagship vaccine company, 1, Agent 4/9-priced Hpv vaccine continued to contribute to high performance growth 1.1. Cervical cancer incidence increases from year to year, with policies promoting cervical cancer screening and Hpv vaccinations
Human papilloma virus (hpv) is widespread in nature, with 70-80% of women suffering from Hpv infection at least once in their lifetime, according to the Vision Life Combination Note. Hpv can be classified into two categories: low-risk and high-risk, with high-risk Hpv infections considered necessary for almost all cervical cancers.
On a global scale, most cervical cancers can be detected in high-risk Hpvi6 and 18 sub-types, of which Hpv16 has the greatest potential for induced cancer. The low-risk Hpv6 and 11 sub-types are associated with the majority of sharp humid aphids in the genitals and with almost all re-emerging respiratory papilloma.
Cervical cancer is the second-highest cancer among women in the country, after breast cancer. According to the pmc and sciencedirect literature, the incidence of cervical cancer in the country has increased in recent years, from 1198/10 million in 2010 to 1769/10 million in 2016.
Cervical cancer and breast cancer are the two major health killers that seriously affect women’s lives, and the Government attaches great importance to the prevention of screening for both cancers. Since 2009, a number of national and local policies have been in place to screen women for “two cancers.”
In all countries, 90 per cent immunization coverage was achieved, 70 per cent screening coverage and cervical cancer were achieved. Pilot projects were launched in cities (Pishigang, Tianjinxi Qing, Ordos, Shenyang, Shanghai Qing, Tin-free, Ningbo, Macon Mountain, Xiamen, Jinnan, Zhengzhou, Shenzhen, Chongqing Shacing Dam, Chengdu, Xian) to promote cervical cancer.
There is currently a preferential policy for the vaccination of women of appropriate age in Eldos, Xiamen, Jinan, Guangdong Province, Chengdu, Tin-free and even Cloudport, and it is expected that more cities will have a low penetration rate of the respective 1.2.hpv vaccine, and that there will be much room for improvement.
There are currently four Hpv vaccine products on the market: the binary Hpv vaccine (type 16, 18) for gsk and Vantae organisms; the four-priced Hpv vaccine (type 6, 11, 16, 18) and the nine-priced Hpv vaccine (6, 11, 16, 18, 31, 33, 45, 52, 58) for UFOs.
The white-packed shell of the Hpv type that doesn't contain the virus dna. After natural infection, the system of resistance to the virus is cellular immunisation, mainly in the cervical part, which produces low levels of antibodies, which are not enough to fight the virus again. The vaccine is a muscle injection that triggers a strong and effective immune response in the human body.
The antibody drops are more than 40 times as high as natural infections, so the virus can be prevented. The two-priced Hpv vaccine can prevent cervical cancers from Hpv16 and 18 infections, changes in the pseudo-uterine cancers and prostate cancers: the four-price Hpv vaccine is more effective than the prophylactic antigens; the nine-price Hpv vaccine can prevent cervical cancers from more gene subtype infections,
According to the National Drug Supervisory Authority, 70% of cervical cancer risks can be prevented by two- and four-priced vaccines currently on the national market, while 90% of cervical cancer can be prevented by nine-priced vaccines. From the licensing side, there was a marked increase in the total issuance of Hpv vaccines in the country in 2017-2021, based on a mid-censorship test.
Information and historical data disclosed by the Court forecast that the total volume of Hpv vaccines issued in 2021 was approximately 32.49 million, an increase of 110 per cent over the same year: of these, gsk ' s second-priced Hpv vaccine was about 2.83 million (+31 per cent), Vantai ' s second-priced Hpv vaccine was about 10 million (+306 per cent), Moshaton ' s fourth-priced and nine-priced Hpv vaccine was about 9.34 million (+29 per cent),
10.32 million (+103%). The size of the domestic Hpv seed market in 2021 is estimated at 25.8 billion yuan, based on the winning price of two-, four- and nine-priced vaccines.
Although the bulk issuance of Hpv has been increasing at a relatively rapid rate in recent years, the market penetration of products is still low: according to the Oecd database, the female population aged 9-45 years was estimated to be 334, 3.29, 3.26, 3.23, 322 million in the years 2017-2021, and the cumulative penetration of the country ' s Hpv vaccine from 2017 to 2021 was based on a rough three dose of vaccinations.
In the United States of America, the coverage rate for women who completed three doses of vaccination was around 40 per cent and at least one dose exceeded 60 per cent, while the United States of America cdc showed 75.1 per cent coverage for adolescents who completed at least one dose of Hpv vaccination by 2020.
The oscillation rate of seedlings is rising year by year, and there is still several times the scope for upscaling.2 The nodule product line is entering the harvest period, and our country is one of the countries with a high burden of tuberculosis worldwide. According to the 2021 Global Tuberculosis Report, 2020
The number of new tuberculosis cases rose to 9.87 million, or 1.28 million. The number of new tuberculosis cases in 2020 was about 670.5 million, the second highest in the world, after India, which accounted for 6.79 per cent of the total number of new tuberculosis cases worldwide, and the incidence of tuberculosis-related deaths was about 51.10 million; the number of tuberculosis-related deaths was about 0.2 million, or 1.56 per cent of the global total, and the number of tuberculosis-related deaths was 1.56 per cent.
In 2019, eight ministries jointly issued the Action Plan to Combat Tuberculosis (2019-2022), which comprehensively strengthened the fight against tuberculosis by reducing the incidence of tuberculosis to less than 55 per 100,000 in the country and keeping the mortality rate at a low level (under 3 per 100,000).
Preparation of a matrix of nodule products covering the whole product line of prevention-diagnosis-treatment. The matrix of nodule products consists of five products, including two products, i.e., heavy-assembled bacterium-combined proteins (ec) and the injection of cow-fed bacillus, as well as three projects under study for frozen dry recombined nodules vaccine (aec/bco2), intra-injection carbide seedlings and pure protein derivatives of carburing bacterium.
A total of 28 companies are currently in the research and development phase, of which the flu virus fission vaccine and the 23-priced pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine have completed clinical trials and are in the process of being declared.
A total of 6 products of the combined vaccine, acyw 135 cerebral combination vaccine, are in the three stages of clinical trials. 3 varieties are in bed 2; 4 are in clinical 1; and 13 are pre-clinical.
The biopharmaceutical industry, one of our emerging strategic industries, has received a high degree of attention at all levels of government and is the level of industry regulation, taking into account the repeated incidences of the new crown, the ongoing domestic intensification of vaccinations, and the projected revenue from the company ' s new crown vaccine of $1 billion in 2022.
Higher industries. Firms apply strict systems and regulations to improve business management. But, with rapid economic and social development, changes in industrial policies may have an impact on the company’s production, marketing, circulation, etc. In 2021, the number of company sales workers reached 2,817 and a large marketing team contributed to the company’s business plans and products.
There are also management risks associated with the increasing number of employees. Inoculation abnormal effects are those caused by the operation of the standard vaccinations or by the operation of the standard vaccinations, which cause damage to the tissue organs and functions of the recipient, without any fault on the part of the parties involved.
Increased awareness of the prevention of diseases in the country, the scope and volume of vaccinations, the risk of an abnormal reaction, Lee Yu-tae, a team member and a doctor of medicine at the Beijing Institute of Association and Medical Sciences. Five years of professional experience in the pharmaceutical industry. A great deal of practical experience in biomería, Beckmankurt (Danah Group).
He's a member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro work at ppccca and paraexel in 2021, joined the Sinda Securities and was responsible for research in the cxo industry, vouchers for research services and small molecular innovation medicine.
Mr. Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics, University of the South, two years of experience in securities practice.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.