The next city in high-quality Salt Lake, with a coded energy metal, was the incident on May 02, 2022: the company intends to buy four asset packages (including Tibetan Ariela) under the umbrella of the Group for $7,682 million.
On 29 April 2022, the company issued a public announcement in which it signed a Cooperation Agreement with the HILD Holdings Group Limited and the Hangzhou branch of Zhan Brokers Bank Limited to finance the acquisition of four asset packages under the umbrella of the HILD Group.
There is a potential for further deepening of cooperation with the Tibetan Land Survey, after the Great Dragon Copper Mine. The small shareholders of the Ra Go Resources Corporation are the Tibetan Shen Sheng Mining Group, which effectively controls the Tibetan Land Survey, and formerly has a 2.87% share in the Great Dragon Copper Mine.
Lake Largo is a resource of the world’s scarce largest lithium salt lake. (1) High resource: Lake Largo is one of the largest lithium salt lakes to be developed in the country, with the amount of resources ranked 5th in the country and the top 20th in the world as of 2012.
At the end of the year, the Lake Lago missaline retained a total of 2.14 million tons of lithium carbonate, with an average lithium ion concentration of 270 mg/L;
For the lake ' s surface halogenated water, the former ' s lithium resources are assigned to the lake ' s surface halogenated lake, which is easily measured, glycolized, and Largo ' s fault is a pure lake ' s halogenated water resource, which is very scarce. (3) Lithium is low and can be drawn directly from the lake ' s water by adsorption.
The salt lake is also at a lower level. (4) The project process or adaptation to the joint process of “sorting + membrane treatment”, with one phase of production to be adjusted to 20,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate, and phase II of the project construction to be upgraded to 50,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate. According to the company's announcement, the project is being built on a larger scale and with a technical route for mining processes.
There is a significant potential for adjustment at the first quarter of 2022 reporting point for the mining of violet gold (601899.sh) to adopt a joint process of “sorting + membrane treatment” in a more environmentally friendly economy.
Grown up, implementation is less difficult, construction cycles are short. One ton of lce trades are at a mid-market level, and the concentration of lithium from the salt lakes purchased is up to mid-point. The company's acquisition is a “open door” for achieving its strategic objectives and expects the three copper mines.
The equity of the gold-stone mining industry, with a resource-trading countervalue of $3269 per ton lce, the total unit purchase price of the resource is higher than the sea.
The fourth copper mine is eager to raise capital spending, but considering that Largo Salt Lake is a scarcely large salt lake in the country, the development and operation of the 4. Purple gold mining performance forecast for 2021: copper gold production
Once the project is completed, it is expected to benefit fully from the industry landscape and quickly recover investment costs.
\triangleright, redisposal of purple gold at a full cost of $34,951 per ton, if measured at an average cost of $143,000 per ton (including taxes) in 2021.
The project’s average annual net profit after tax would be $779 million, with a significant increase in economic efficiency. Investment proposal: the company, or Davis, who is on the verge of performance and valuation, with copper gold as its main product, 2022. Production guidance would increase significantly compared to 2021, and the price of superb copper would be expected to remain high.
We keep looking at the company's alpha logic. We maintain the company's profit projections. The company is expected to realize a net return of $27.4 billion, $31.6 billion, $32.4 billion in 2022-2024, corresponding to April 29th.
On 29 April 2022, the company issued a public announcement and signed a letter of cooperation between the company and the HILD Holdings, Ltd., and the Hangzhou branch of the Bank of Zheller, Ltd., for the purchase of four assets belonging to the Group (including 70 per cent interest in the Lithium Mine of Alarago, Tibet, etc.) for $7,682 million.
Four asset packs (including 70% interest in the Lithium Mine of Alirago, Tibet) under the flag of the SHL, with a total value of RMB 7,682 million, are to be sold.
The capital package consists mainly of a 100% equity interest in the Zhejiang Gessel mine held by the Four Assets 1 Shields group, which has been pledged to the Hangzhou branch of the Bank of Zhan, which guarantees a 15 billion dollar loan from the Hangzhou branch of the Bank as the lead bank and agent.
The goldstone mine has limited resources in Tibet.