Securities Electronics Group
Substituted by national production for the east wind, idm power unit, integratedic, two-wing silo unit (igbt, mosfet), integrated ic (ipm, mems, pmic, pmic)
The company uses the idm model, which covers 4 to 12 inches, and has a strong advantage.
20 per cent to 6 per cent, as a result of high new energy demand + national production replacement acceleration + output rapid release + product high-end semiconductor: corporate igbt tubes, ipm module, mos share is ranked first in the country, sic 1.
1) We expect the global/Chinese igbt market to be 99,497 million in size in 25 years, benefiting from a surge in the price gap, and the industry’s rate of domesticization, which is expected to be the highest in the country in 2022. The company’s main downstream area is white power, wind control, and the company’s vehicle, with the advantage of idm.
The rapid release of wind and light voltage products is time-limited, and companies have now successfully supplied to mainframe plants such as Biadi and Snack.) The global market for mosfet reached $11 billion in 2021, with companies accounting for 3 per cent of the global market, ranking first in the country.) In October, the company announced an additional $6.5 billion in financing for new projects.
10,000 car-grade modular production lines, further expanding the company ' s productivity advantage and future release time. Integrated circuits: mems, poweric, mcu space, and idm have a strong advantage. 1) 2020: global mems, power management, mcu market size, 120, 33, 16 billion United States dollars (US$)
It's a solid growth rate of 10% for five years, less than 10% for the mainland, and the rate of national production.
Down trail Risks: Increased competition in the power semiconductor industry, less than expected penetration of new energy vehicles, light wind power, less than expected capacity to climb the slopes, unsaled shares.
1. In more than two decades, the Idm production capability continued to expand beyond 4 to 12 inches, and the company was founded in 1997 as the country ' s first publicly listed integrated circuit chip design firm.
More than 20 years of development have now become one of the country’s largest power and integrated circuit chip idm companies. The company’s products consist mainly of three main categories: stand-alone devices, integrated circuits, and luminous diodes, with 54 per cent, 32 per cent, 9 per cent, and Māori 53 per cent, 41 per cent, and 5 per cent respectively in 2022.
Downstream applications cover industrial controls, white home power, light voltage, and new energy vehicles. Companies have separate devices. Products include gbt, mosfet, frd, etc.; integrated circuit products include led lighting, powered circuits, digital audio-visual circuits, etc.; and emitting diode products include led lighting chips, led colours, etc.
Screen pixel tubes, etc. Chart 3: Introduction to the company's main business and products.
R & D design capacity: Continuous extra-coded R & D, core technology self-researched, power semiconductor actively controlled by White + New Energy Development. 1) Corporate R & D spending is increasing year by year, and in 2020, the power-driven module consisting of autonomous R & D v-digbt and frd chips was released in bulk
Goods, igbt single tubes have been applied to the photovoltaic area, and car regulation sicmofet has been successfully developed.
72,000 chips/month, 5/6 inches/month, 8 inches/month, 45,000 chips/month, 12 inches/month, 700,000 chips/year (covering 5/8/12 feet) of silicone extrapolated chips; 2) continued expansion, with the company starting production of 2nd 12 inch special process chips in October 22nd
Lines project, three years of implementation cycle, with 360,000 new chips/years in yield, including 120,000 new chips/years in fs-igbt power chip, 120,000 chips/year in t-dpmosfet and 120,000 chips/year in sgt-mosfet power chip.
In 2025, 7.2 million block/year vehicle-grade modular encapsulation project will be completed. 3) Third generation semiconductor of layout. In July 22 22, the subsidiary Slanmingang planned to build a 6 inch sic power device chip production line. In the three-year implementation cycle, 144,000 new sics/years will be added to the production cycle.
In October, the company announced that an additional $6.5 billion would be earmarked for investment in the construction of an “project for the production of 360,000 12 inches of chips” and a “yearly production of 144,000 sic power units”
Line-building project and “Annually 7.2 million auto semiconductor encapsulation project.” ▪ Client capacity: customization + speed of response + managerial capacity, product approval by multiple brand clients, low risk of client concentration. The company currently has eight product lines and seven process platforms, synergies
Clearly, custom-made products are available to customers. The added-up capacity quickly releases higher rates of national production, with companies responding faster than large overseas plants.
The recognition of global brand clients such as Mi, Haikang, Dahua, Mei, Delta, and Nec, Japan. 2. Performance is on the rise, net gross interest rates are improving, harvests are growing steadily, and net returns are volatile.
2 2) premium on the high end of the product transformation. 3) The downstream new energy landscape rises, with companies collecting $4.3 billion, $7.2 billion, $6.2 billion in 2020 ~ 2022q3, an increase of 38 per cent, and $1 billion in part due to the net share of assets that companies enjoy as a result of the listing of Road and Point Technologies.
▪ Sustained decline in rates during product restructuring plus progressive growth in sub-business Māori rates, gradual increase in corporate net gross interest rates in 19-21, optimized by weak consumer electronic demand and productive capacity utilization in the first three quarters of 22 years, and boosted by downstream areas such as new energy sources, with high value added excess mos tubes and the like taking over
2) luminous diode operations rebounded significantly after experiencing a sharp fall in prices and a decline in orders. 3) The cost rate continued to fall. The corporate Māori ratio and net interest rates were revised down to 30% in the first three quarters of 2022, and the productivity utilization factor was affected by weak consumer electronic demand and production capacity utilization factors, respectively.
12%. According to the sub-business, the sales share has been rising steadily in recent years, with the company having a steady increase in the Māori rate, leading to an increase in the company’s income. The IEC has the highest Māori rate, the luminous diode rate, and the Māori rate is highly volatile, but with the company’s advanced compound semiconductor production line coming into production, the upper and upper end of the spectrum.
Leed products are increasing in volume, Mercala's series cost controls have been effective and Māori rates have rebounded in recent years, but the recent sharp decline in capacity utilization has resulted in higher unit production costs.
ii. Acquiring the igbt vent in the global carbon neutral and context, building a new growth point for performance, 1.igbt sustained high demand for the impact of new downstream energy vehicles, national production replaced by a future melody igbt fully known as the insulation of bipolar transistors, with a combination of bjt and mosfet power.
Pressure-driven semiconductor power devices capable of regulating electrical voltage, currents, etc. in circuits in accordance with instructions for letters in industrial devices, to achieve precise regulatory objectives.  The global igbt market reached $8.4 billion in 2021, and cagr 16% in 2016-2021.
In terms of product type, igbt can be divided into single tubes, ipm, modules, 26%, 24%, and 50% of the market size of single tubes, ipm, and modules in 2021. igbt single tubes are used mainly for small-power household appliances, segment-based light reverse transformers, and small-power variations.
Frequency, the manufacturing process is the epoxy process. Market size reached $2.2 billion in 2021 and cagr reached 19% in 2016-2021.ipm modules are used in white household electricity for FACs, FL washing machines, and the manufacturing process is the ring.
Oxygen injection process. Market size in 2021 was $2 billion, cagrda igbt module in 2016-2021 was used in large power transformers, welding machines, new energy vehicles, centralized photovoltaics, etc. The manufacturing process was glue. Market size was $4.2 billion in 2021.
Figure 15: The company ' s top5 client concentration is small in the field of igbt applications, with the largest industrial downstream.
The lower voltage gbt is used mainly in consumer electronics, while the medium voltage gbt of 600v-1200v is used mainly in new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, home appliances, industry (welds, ups) and over 1700v is used mainly in the field of railing, wind power, smart power grids.
By, according to yole data, the ratio of industry, household, electric vehicles, transhipment, photovoltaic market size in 2020 was 31 per cent, 24 per cent, 11 per cent, 6 per cent, and 4 per cent.
Figure 17: igbt downstream applications Demand end: The size of the global igbt market, both domestic and foreign, will continue to rise as a result of carbon neutralization and influence, with rules igbt being the largest incremental market, and photovoltaics and storage being the second incremental market.
The team estimates in the annual strategy report that the global gbt market is expected to be 99.1 billion yuan in 2025, 17 per cent capr in 2022-2025 and 49.7 billion yuan in China, and figure 18: robust global gbt market growth in 2020-2025.
Chart 19: China ' s igbt market grew robustly from 2020 to 2025 (Billions at the supply end: global chip supply and demand gaps due to the outbreak disturbance + long new production cycle, currently high-level igbt stocked for more than 50 weeks. 1) Due to repeated outbreaks in and out of the country, many households are affected.
(ii) Due to the unique infrastructure requirements and regulatory processes of the mill, the construction cycle usually lasts for up to two years, and the downstream certification cycle of the new capacity takes one year to the right, so that the new capacity cannot be filled in the first place.
• The supply and demand imbalance of 2022 ran through the year. 1) In November, the British Flying Stone Bulletin four quarters of the fiscal year, the company had a backlog of 43 billion euros (in 2022, the company earned 14.2 billion euros). 2) In May, the Ansomy insider claimed that the fatt orders had been filled in 2022 and 2023 and were no longer billed.
The company’s technology is expected to improve significantly the chip supply by the fourth quarter of 2022. 4) Overseas manufacturers are generally cautious in expanding their production, with the major incremental contribution being the British Flying Stone investment of 1.6 billion euros in Verahr, Austria.
The main applications of the igbt tubes are small-power household appliances, segment-based photovoltaic reverse transformers, and small-power changes.
In 2021, the industry cr. 53%, the British filamentary was the absolute leader of the industry and the city was more than 29%, with the City of Slander accounting for 2.6%, the first-placed ipm module being used in the white household electric air conditioner, the trans-frequency washing machine, and the manufacturing process being the ring.
In 2021, the industry was 57%, Mitsubishi was the absolute leader of the industry and the city was 30%, the city of Slanwa was the ninth in 1.6%, and the city of Hua Weibo was the eighth in 2.2%.
The igbt module is used in large power transformers, welding machines, new energy vehicles, centralized photovoltaics, etc. The manufacturing process is glue. In 2020, the industry was 57%, the English flyer was the industry’s absolute leader, 33% of the city, and the country’s semiconductor city was 3% and ranked sixth.
Figure 22: Global Igbt Competition Patterns by 2020 Figure 24: Global Ipm Module Competition Patterns by 2021 Figure 25: Global Igbt Module Competition Patterns by 2021
Industry’s national production rate is low, at only 12% in 2019. According to yole, the country’s output in 2015 is expected to be lower in terms of market size, considering the higher specifications of overseas products.
We believe that the rate of national production is expected to reach 37 per cent in 2022, mainly in the context of demand and demand, and that the process of national production depends on the rate of output release, and that the instability of the foreign flagship will accelerate the rate of national production.
In terms of the domestic idm model’s flagship gbt production plan, Biadi’s semiconductor, middle car’s 8-inch crystal production capacity doubled in 2022, and in terms of the domestic fab plant’s (Wailong semiconductor, Central Xiaozheng, advanced tower) gbt production capacity plan, more than 60% of the growth could be achieved, from production to production.
2. The full spectrum of power semiconductor products, with downstream applications spanning white power, new energy areas, and the coverage of the company ' s splitware products, i.e., gbt, moss tubes, tvs, frd, low-frequency large-power triodes, sbd, etc., have continued to grow over the last three years, with revenues of 2.2 billion per year and 2.2 billion per year for 2020, 2021 and 2022h1, respectively.
The company’s igbt products can be divided into industrial controls, white appliances, new energy vehicles, and photovoltaics.
Figure 30: Corporate separation device revenue, Māori, Māori ratio 2.1 White Power, Engineering Control gbt: Increasing frequency penetration opens up incremental space, ipm ' s output is rapidly increasing  The company ' s current use of the igbt product in white power, industrial control is mainly 600vipm module and
1200 v industrial level pim, where revenues from the ipm module are increasing rapidly from year to year, ranking 9th in 2020, 2021 and 1.6% in global market competition patterns for ipm
▪ According to our previous industry depth report, the igbt Insight Report: New Energy-Driving Growth, Accelerating National Production Rates, the global white power, industrial-controlled igbt market is expected to be 9.4 billion yuan in 2025, 26.6 billion yuan, and capgr 5% and 4% in 2022-2025.
Robust growth, and future corporate growth, is driven by an increase in national production rates. 2.2 Windlight & Storage gbt: Tightly following the wind-loading trend to expand new technologies and try to replace domestic production – market size: we expect the global photovoltaic & storage gbt market to be 13.5 billion yuan in 2025.
With 37 per cent of the 2022-2025 cagr market projected to reach 3.3 billion igbt in 2025, the global wind power market is the core of photovoltaic inverters, storage inverters, centralized photovoltaic inverters, mainly using the igbt module, the string is mainly based on the gbt single tube or module, and the current string is based on
The advantage of promoting policies and declining costs across the county has become a mainstream programme in the country. The company luminous volgbt, mainly single tubes, is a technology-to-peer flyer for five generations, and has a photovoltaic semiconductor single-mw value of Euro2000 to Euro5,000 for headlines, such as solar power sources.
The value of the storage power semiconductor sheet mw is Euro2500-3500 and the unit price of the gbt is estimated at Euro3,000/mw (equivalent to 21 million yuan/gw). According to the Udwe and Jinbo Science and Technology offer, the cost of the gbt is about 11-12% of the purchase cost of raw materials and raw materials.
On wind power, according to the British Eagle Annual Report, the current average cost of gbt in the wind engine is $21 million/gw.
The production rate is close to zero, and there is much more to be done to replace national production. According to the above electrical disclosure, the public-fiscal igbt power module currently relies mainly on foreign brands, including German English fliers and Japanese Mitsubishis.
At present, the performance stability of the home-grown igbt widgets, c semiconductors and associated technical indicators do not fully meet the technical requirements of the company’s products. Import substitution is not expected to be fully achieved in the short term.
The manufacturer prefers to buy igbt from abroad. Chart 34: The majority of our photovoltaic reverse transformer igbt is imported from abroad. 2.3 car code igbt: Extension from white power to car code. The company is expected to benefit from the rapid release of 8 and 12 inches of capacity.
The advantage of the company's Idm model under the “deficit tide” is clear, with the cost reduction of the self-build line guarantee chip supply + automatic size + chip lifetime reliability self-control, and we believe that producers will benefit first when the supply and demand gap of the igbt exits persists.
On the product side, according to official network data, the company currently sells class pim types, mainly 750v,950a, with autonomously developed fifth-generation gbt and frd chips with the advantages of low switches, low saturation, high work temperature, etc.
The ipm product, driven by air conditioner compressors, has been completed by the domestic top car air conditioner miller, and the company's current car code, igbt, has built itself 8 inches and 12 inches of chip production at the same time. Compared to the 8 inch line, the 12 inch line produced the igbt chip performance, cost, output.
By 2022, h1, the company had the capacity to produce 70,000 car-grade pim per month. In terms of product quality, we believe that the Idm model has easier access to the whole factory than the Fables.
In the supply chain, it is mainly the Idm factory that efficiently secures production capacity, while also saving the link to other production chains, and maintaining strict quality self-control and consistency of parameters. The company’s car class Pim is now bulking out the entire Biadi, snuff, and so on.
Figure 35: igbt technology versus target and line capacity
Wind: 300,000 per year for one, 900,000 per year for two and the size block encapsulation capability for the igbt.
East Wind, Chang An, Biya, Ie-Hing, Chu-chi Project: igbt6 - Fine ditch rtmos
8 inch: 360,000 pieces/year.
Market size: The new energy vehicle market is the largest increase in the amount of igbt, which is expected to reach 33.2 billion yuan in 2025 for the world and 15.9 billion yuan for the new energy vehicle in China, and the 2020-2025 cagr, respectively, which is mainly used in the electrical control system of the new energy vehicle, the heat management system, and the vehicle charger.
In the main reverse transformer, the direct current of the high voltage battery is converted to a communication power that drives the three-phase machine, in the vehicle charger, the 220v exchange is converted to a direct current power and charged to a high voltage battery, and in the dc-dc transformer, the high voltage from the high voltage battery is converted to a low voltage.
The vehicle low-voltage power supply network is used; in addition, igbt has been extensively used to perform low-power dc-ac conversions in backup transformers such as ptc heaters, water pumps, oil pumps, air conditioning compressors, etc. The average vehicle value of igbt has been electrodynamicized, the purchase of igbt has dropped annually, and high-end vehicle type seepage
Assuming global and domestic sales of new energy vehicles in 2025 are 23.2 million (29 per cent penetration) and 1.325 million (50 per cent penetration), the global igbt market would have reached the size of nonpowerhair.
In the end of the year, the company will form 2,000 6-inchs of sic production. 1) The presic module will be used mainly for high-performance 4-drive driving, with Tesla, Biadei, Ping Xiao.
With this programme, we assumed that the penetration rate of the sic module would increase to 15 per cent in 2025, taking into account the continued decline in the price of the sic module, and that the market for the new energy vehicle sic module was expected to reach 22.5 billion yuan in 2025 and 48 per cent in three years.) In October, the company announced that the company ' s sic power unit production line had recently been realized.
Stepline, the first sic chip has been successfully dropped, the first project product has met the design requirements, and the project has progressed in a phased manner. Slanmingang is planning to produce 2,000 6 inches of chip production by the end of 2022, with a monthly capacity of 6,000 pieces in 2023.
The product structure of Mosda is constantly being optimized, exceeding the advanced levels of mosdae, and the share of national production is expected to rise. igbt and mosfet are equally power semiconductors, with market sizes of 31% and 41% respectively in 2020, but they differ in terms of internal structure, performance, application landscape, etc.
It is known as the Golden Oxygen semi-field transistor, which has high frequency, simple-drive, anti-exposure features, and which mainly transports small and medium-power events such as computer power sources, charge posts, etc., for consumption of electronics, communications, automobiles, etc., at 20%, 10%, 25% respectively.
The mosfet technology-driven performance enhancement consists of three main aspects: higher switches, higher power density, and lower power consumption. To achieve higher performance indicators, mosfet has evolved mainly through process progress, improvements in the structure of the device, and the use of restricted material.
With regard to the improvement of the structure of the device, mosfet has undergone three stages of change: plane, ditch, and super-linking, which has further increased the power density of the device and the frequency of its work.  According to information from the official network, there are three types of mosfet currently sold by the company, t-bar.
In addition, the company sic-mos has sent a sample of its clients to match their performance to the major international plant. The growth of public production has led to a rapid upturn in the volume of mosfet in recent years, with the first global entry in 2020.
In the top ten cases, the city accounted for 2.2 per cent of the output, and in 2021 the city increased to 3 per cent. Companies, while pushing high value-added excesses of mosfet, sgt-mos, are constantly achieving their output on the 12-inch line, and the cost, quality, and output of the product will be an advantage, and the city’s share is expected to continue to rise in the future.
Figure 48: Global mosfet competition patterns Market size: global mosfet market size according to omdia projections by 2024
$7.7 billion, or 1 per cent in 2020-2024, and the market size of China ' s mosfet market will reach $3 billion, or 1 per cent in 2020-2024, with a global share of about 40 per cent.
1. The market for integrated circuits has steadily increased in size, with large export and import deficits + low national production rates contributing to the replacement of national production for acceleration. Integrated circuitic is most widely used in semiconductor devices, accounting for 82% of the global semiconductor market.
The transistors, diodes, resists, etc. that are needed in a circuit are interconnected, made on a small semiconductor chip and then enclosed in a tube shell to become a microstructure with the required circuit function. Integrated circuits are divided mainly into digitic and analogic, which includes power management chips.
Pmic, dc/dc, ac/dc, etc., are all major sales in Slanwa, including mcu, classified by downstream applications, where the communications, computer industries are the main demand side of integrated circuits, accounting for 32% and 30% respectively. By regional distribution, the Asia-Pacific region (except Japan), the Americas, Europe, Europe, etc., 2020
The global market size of Japan is 62 per cent, 22 per cent, 8 per cent and 8 per cent, respectively, with China accounting for the highest share, and the growth of China’s integrated circuit segmented markets has led to rapid overall market size growth, but the current national production of 1.04 trillion yuan has doubled, with cagr reaching 18 per cent over the period.
The market size of China’s integrated circuits will be maintained at an annual compound rate of 8% after 21 years, and will reach 1.6 trillion yuan in 27 years. In terms of industrial structure, the integrated circuits can be divided into three parts: design, manufacture, seal, and market size will be 43%, 30%, and 26%, respectively, for 21 years.
The higher value-added design links are the most significant. However, according to China’s customs, China’s export and import deficit remains at a high level in absolute terms, amounting to $278.8 billion in 21 years, and shows a continuing trend, which shows that the low rate of national production of integrated circuit products has not improved.
In 21 years, only one of the world ' s semiconductor Top10 enterprises was on the list, accounting for 3 per cent of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and ranked seventh in ranking. Figure 55: China ' s projected sales of integrated circuits from 2017 to 2027
Figure 56: China ' s trade deficit in integrated circuits is large
2. Interconnectivity + national production replacement + structural stock shortages, corporate integrated circuit operations will continue to grow rapidly  1.35 billion yuan, 32 per cent, Māori $500 million, 41 per cent, and Māori 39 per cent by product line.
Power drive, mcu circuits, digital video, specialized asic circuits, mems sensors, five major categories, with 32-bit mcu, led light-driven circuits, fast charge circuits, ac-dc circuits, etc., in downstream applications such as mobile power sources, empty ice washings, electric vehicles, transformers, etc.
2.1 mems Sensors: 26 years of global market size of $18.3 billion, looking at national production as an alternative to accelerated mems, a micromechanical control system, is a technology that integrates mechanical structures with electronic systems into a chip.
The interactive function, which has the advantages of miniaturization, integration, low cost, etc., is now widely used in areas such as consumer electronics, automobile electronics, and will continue to benefit from the development of artificial intelligence and network of things in the future. The firm’s advantage is clear, with mems sensor revenues slowing down in 2022 h1, but production
The company’s current mems sensor products consist of five main categories, namely, three axes of acceleration, sensors, environmental light sensors, distance sensors, etc., which are used mainly in consumer electronics such as mobile phones, hand rings, etc., and continue to expand to the automotive and industrial sectors.
Income growth is rapid, but in 22 years h1 has been slowed by the demand for smartphones, with 2020, 2021 benefiting from 1 company-idm model to create a captioning capacity advantage. 2) Self-built sealing plants can allow the public to quickly meet the needs of clients by using specially tailored envelopes based on different application scenarios. 3)
The bulk of the product has entered domestic mobile operators, with an acceleration sensor holding 20 per cent of the domestic market size: according to yole data, the global market for the mems industry was $12.5 billion in 2020, and is expected to reach $18.26 billion by 2026, with cagr reaching 7 per cent over the period.
The 20-year market-scale ratio of mems radio frequency devices, pressure sensors, inertial combination sensors is 17 per cent, 15 per cent, 12.5 per cent, and consumer electronics is the largest application in the mems industry worldwide, with the market-scale ratio in 2020.
59%, $7.1 billion, projected to reach $11.3 billion by 2026, with capr reaching 8%. Of this, companies are selling acoustic sensors, optical sensors, acceleration sensors.
17 per cent, or $2.0 billion, is projected to reach $2.86 billion by 2026, with a period of 6 per cent cagr, mainly benefiting from the rapid upgrading of environmental perception function requirements in automated driving systems.
The market for mems sensors is highly concentrated, mainly in overseas leaders, and there is a wide range of alternatives to national production. The world-wide top10 market has a high concentration of 57.6% and 56%, respectively, in 2019 and 2020. Of these, only one Chinese company, Golwa, has been on the list, with a 4% market in 20 years, ranking.
6. Demonstrate that foreign firms have greater technological and scale advantages. 2.2pmic: 25 years of global market size of $52.6 billion, looking at the growth potential of car regulation products. pmic, the power management chip, is a circuit primarily used to manage batteries and electricity, with a functional distribution.
For dc/dc, ac/dc converters (voltage/ current conversion), charge management chips (cell charge management), charge protection chips (monitoring and protection), etc., downstream, covering mainly communications, data processing, consumer electronics, etc., 25 per cent, 24 per cent and 18 per cent respectively.
The year was the first year to develop pmic in the country, and the product was successfully marketed in 2007. Currently, the public sector has a full range of products, including dc/dc, ac/dc circuits, led lighting-driven circuits.
A fast-loaded series of mobile power and tram-filled products has increased rapidly in recent years. As companies move towards the production of their pmics on the 8 and 12 inches of chip line, the cost of the product is expected to decrease further, the volume is expected to increase further, the share of high-value-added products rises, and public goods continue to improve.
The market size of the pmic market in China is $11.8 billion a year, and is expected to reach $23.45 billion by 2025, with a period of cagr of 15 per cent.
Car pmic is one of Pmic's major races, thanks to the introduction of adas, motor electric motors, intelligent trends, more sensors and cameras will be embedded inside the car in the future, driving the global car pmic market to grow gradually, from $1.5 billion in 2018.
Figure 73: China’s pmic market size forecast for 2016-2025 is highly concentrated globally, China’s pmic market is highly concentrated, with participants predominantly from Europe and America and Taiwan. From a global perspective, the global market share of the cr10 producers reached 75% in 2021, with a high market concentration in the country.
The share of enterprises is generally less than 2 per cent. Figure 75: Market share of power chips in listed enterprises in 2021 2.3mcu: 26 years of global market size of $27.2 billion, with firms expected to benefit from structural stock shortages
The mcu, also known as the single-film machine, is a micro-control unit that has been integrated internally into cpu, Ram, rom and external interfaces and can be widely applied in the areas of consumer electronics, computers, automobiles, etc., with applications of 26 per cent, 19 per cent, and 15 per cent, respectively, in 2020.
4/8/16/32/64, usually. The more complex the mcu can perform over the length of the bus, while the mcu with less width has a cost advantage and can be used extensively in low-cost settings. China differs significantly from the global mcu market structure, mainly in 16, 32 places.
Figure 76: Comparison of the structure of global and Chinese products by 2020
For more than 20 years, products are widely used in the fields of white power, industrial control, and access to goods. The company currently sells mcu products mainly in the categories of eight, 32 and programmable assp. Of these, eight mcu are mainly used in the areas of small household power, electrical control, etc., with the advantage of low cost, durability, etc.
Low power consumption, 32 places used mainly in white power (empty ice washing), frequency transformers, inverters, and so on, with the advantage of processing, faster computing, and better performance.
In July 2022, consumer electronics manufacturers such as Apples started to consume more electronics than they needed, but anti-car regulations, industrial controls, and especially 32-bit high prices. For example, in July, 8 of Sressa, 32 of mcu, and Mcu are still in between 38-52 weeks.
There is an overall upward trend. 8 of microchip and 32 of them have a period of over 52 weeks, and prices are on the rise, especially for motor vehicles. Market size: according to icinsights, the global market size for mcu reached $19.6 billion in 2021.
It is projected that by 2026 it will be $27.2 billion, or 6.7 per cent of the total, of which 32 mcu will be $20 billion by 2026, or 9.4 per cent of the total market size of China ' s mcu market in 2021. The global market share of the mcu market is held by foreign manufacturers, our enterprises are not competitive and our cities are prevalent.
In 2020, the global market for mcutop10 was 89%, the market was highly concentrated, and only one Chinese company came into the country, with a 2% share for New Tang Tsi. From a domestic point of view, China’s market for Top5 companies was only 12.6%, with the highest potential for innovation.
4.4 per cent, indicating that most of the share is still held by foreign producers and that the rate of domestication is low. Figure 80: Market share of global mcutop10 enterprises, 2020 Figure 81: Market share of China, 2021
siliconlabs.1% microchip, 13% _ meaning semiconductor, 16%
1. The company ' s whole industry chain layout, which accelerates the pace of product structure to the top, third generation of semiconductor applications, creates a whole industry chain layout for the company ' s led business.
Growing, led chip manufacturing, led sealing, now involved in the company. In 2004, the company established the Hangzhou Slander Cube Company, which has since entered the led chip design manufacturing business, and in 2009, the Liang State Mercale Light Electronics Company, which entered the led sealing business, which was extended in 2012.
The upstream raw materials, such as tablets, pss liners, are entirely self-sufficient and are among the very few suppliers of led chips with complete industrial chains in the industry.
In terms of technical processes, the company ' s 0.9mm*0.9mm-sized pixel tubes were launched in 2016 at the highest global level, and currently the minirgb chip, the ag mirror chip, has been introduced on the advanced compound production line, and products in the top-end areas of landscape lighting and plant lighting have been introduced.
The company’s business income fell sharply from 2019 to 2020 due to excess capacity, and the downstream colours showed a continuous decline in demand from the screen market, but in 2021 it started to rebound, rising by 81 per cent.
At $700 million, the Māori rate was also negative, at 18%, with the main department, Slander's chip production line, fully sold, and Mercala's “4-to-1” top clients. In 2022, H1 led earned $360 million, an increase of 24%, and Māori 16%, with minor downstream effects.
Figure 84: Corporate income from Led, a massive rebound from the 21-year Maori touchback, and corporate business from Led are now below the industry average in terms of income and Mäori rates. We compare company income from led, Mäori rates, and Mäori from major companies in the industry, and so on.
Figure 85: Comparison of the Mäori rate of the country's main business, Läd’s business, Figure 86: Comparison of income of the country’s main business, Läd’s business, billions of yuan)
2. The industrial landscape is returning, and the product represented by Miniled will start a new upward cycle Market size: according to Ledinside, the global market for the led chip was projected to be $17.5 billion in 2021, and is projected to be $30.3 billion by 2026, with cagr reaching 11 per cent over the period.
In 2021, China’s led chip market was 21.8 billion yuan, and is expected to reach 27.9 billion yuan by 2026, with cagr reaching 5% over the period. Miniled will be the most dynamic area for future segments of the led industry, and it will be small.
The extension of the led, the microled realization of pre-natal alternatives have the advantages of low productivity, low productivity, and so on, with backlights on the consumer electrons and visible visible miniled expected to penetrate rapidly in the market.
The market size of the led backlight module is only 18.8 billion yuan, and by 2026 it will be 125 billion yuan, or 46% of the annual cagr. The led plant lighting can replace the solar spectra with artificial synthetic spectra to promote plant life.
The long-term role of a good plant lamp, which can raise production by more than 20%, is one of the most important developments in the world and in Slander. According to Ledinside, the global market for led plant lighting in 2021 is estimated at $1.7 billion, and will reach $2.9 billion by 2026.
Figure 87: The size of the global market for led chips from 2020 to 2026
Top5 has a high and rising share, rising from 69 per cent in 2019 to 79 per cent in 2021, with the top three accounting for 32 per cent, 14 per cent and 12 per cent, respectively, of the top three.
Power separation device operations: downstream windlights, high demand for new energy vehicles have led to an upswing in the igbt industry, supply and demand gaps have accelerated the pace of national production substitution, and companies have been controlled by the same voltage-grade white power industry, which has extended to the photovoltaic high-speed area of vehicles and has rapidly released the city ' s production capacity under the +idm model.
Step-by-step increases in high-end moss products, such as +-over and sic, yielding high premium and expected rapid growth in power-segregated software operations. 1) Industry has a high profile, which, according to our estimates, is projected to reach 95.4 billion yuan in 2025, and cagr in 2020-2025.
In China, the market size of the igbt was 45.8 billion yuan, in 2020-2025 it was 13 per cent cagr, in 2020-2025 it was 73.2 billion yuan and in 2020-2030 it was 15 per cent. 2) The company ' s ipm module was led by the local municipality, with white power controlled by the industry.
High-speed sectors such as energy vehicles have expanded to add to the supply and demand gap for companies with 8 and 12 inches of gbt production lines. Energy release has led to a rapid increase in the volume of goods delivered, further national production substitution and a 25 per cent, 33 per cent and 30 per cent growth rate in the operation of high-end mos power separation devices.
Integrated circuit operations: 1) We see the growth potential of the future integrated circuit blocks, mainly based on interconnectivity, the new energy car booster mems sensor, the pmic output, which rises gradually, and the stacking company can apply special rules depending on the application landscape, depending on the integrated circuit Idm.
The containment model is designed to quickly meet the user ' s differential demand for mems sensor functions. 2) Consumption of electronic mccu is weak, but industrial controls and car regulations are still tight, structural shortages persist, and the company ' s 32-bit high-end mccu potential is valued. 3) Integrated circuits are broken down by track
The rate of national production is seriously inadequate, and it is good to see that the future corporate product structure continues to change at the high end of the country ' s production-led business: looking at the future of the world ' s led chip market, with companies targeting Mini ' s business annual growth rate of 5 per cent and a Māori rate of 12 per cent.
The scale effect, and the continued increase in R & D investment in new products, new processes, the expected cost of sales, is that we use power devices such as the Star Half-guided, the East Side Half-guided, the Schrepp of pmic, the St. John's shares, the led chip's Triangular Power as a comparable company, considering that the company's Idm model has a clear and high added advantage.
Prospective growth in future shipments such as car rules, excess mass, etc., is expected to increase rapidly, giving companies a certain margin of appreciation, and competition in the semiconductor industry increases the risk: a rapid expansion in the future production capacity of power semiconductor manufacturers will lead to increased competition in the industry, affecting the company’s Māori ratio.
▪ New energy vehicles, photovoltage penetration rates are not as high as expected: company power semiconductors, new energy vehicle power drive systems, industrial transformers downstream as new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, etc., if downstream penetration rates are not as high as they are expected to affect corporate revenue.
In the current situation, where there is a persistent gap in the supply and demand of semiconductors, such as car rules, the rapid upswing of a company’s capacity and the rapid increase in the volume of its output will generate more revenue for the company, if the downswing is not expected to affect the company’s revenue collection.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment