The net operating profits grew by 70 per cent, the aigc grew rapidly by 2 per cent in the quarter and the net operating profits by 70 per cent. In the first quarter of 2023, the company earned $1.21 billion, a 2.0 per cent increase in the same year, while the main business grew robustly; the net return was net.
The profit of $210 million, representing a 43.3 per cent decline in the same year, was mainly due to the investment-related gains of $180 million in investment affiliates and a 70 per cent increase in net operating profits of $170 million, after excluding the impact of the investment.The business model was optimized at a reduced cost of 82.8 per cent for Māori, an increase of 11.4 percentage points for the same year;
The integration of artificial intelligence with music, games, information distribution and meta-cosm operations continues to advance. 1) Agi and aigc plates, where music companies offer aigc music products and services, while testing water brands.
The introduction of new rooms and the optimisation of the choir function to help both new and old users accelerate the creation of social links; in the field of play, the company fully promotes the aiization of the game development and operation; and 2) overseas information distribution and meta-cosm plates, with full cooperation between the Opra and the Openai, and the launch of the aipropts
i.e. primary function; meta-cosm with a "mods" feature for gx browsers, where users can customize personal browser experiences from the outside, sound, colorers, etc.; 3) Science and Technology Equity Investment Business, Plate, The Klon Foundation continuously explores potential investment opportunities and steadily promotes hard technology and new energy paths
From large models to applications, corporate aigc operations are continuing: in December 2022, the company officially released the entire series of "Kullen Skywork" aigc algorithms and models.
On April 17, the company officially launched a self-research with the wonders, and China's first real intellectual surge, the "Kunlen Wanvi (300418.sz) - Core business remains robust, aigc layouts forward" of the national production language model, the "Sunwork" 3.5 invitation, which is close to openaichatgpt.
On the application side, music aigc, games aigc, continues to move forward; Opra also recently released a browser designed for the future of the ai function, the opraone. Investment proposal: maintain the "plus" rating, taking into account the forward layout advantages of the aigc-era company.
Maintaining profitability projections, the company's net return profits in 2023/24/25 are expected to be artificial intelligence in layout, and it is expected to become a large model + ecological platform company with an increased rating in the context of the accelerated maturity of the aigc science base.
In the first quarter of 2023, the company received $1.22 billion, an increase of 2.0 per cent over the previous quarter, while the main business remained robust; the mother ' s net profit was $210 million, and the net operating profit after the impact was 170 million, an increase of 70 per cent.
The business model optimizes the Māori rate and controls the overall cost rate better. The Māori rate is 82.8%, an 11.4 aigc-driven productivity breakthrough compared to the previous year, and the company ' s forward-looking layout is continuously validated. Aigc is a new trend in artificial intelligence, growing.
On December 15, 2022, Klon Wanway held aaigc technology launch in Beijing, where Klon Van Wiceo Fanghan officially released the entire series of algorithms and models of "Kullon Skywork" aigc and announced the model.
Models under the flag of Quinlon Skywork include skypaint, skymusic, skyscraper penskytext, sky-intellectual-wise skycode, covering images, music, text, programming, etc. Multi-model content generation. On April 17, 2023, the company officially released the 100-billion-grade large language model, "Safework."
Starts the invitation test by interacting with users in a question-and-answer session in a natural language, where the ai generation is able to satisfy the diverse needs of document creation, knowledge question-and-answer, logical simulation, numerical reasoning, code programming, etc. For the current version, it is found that the Skywork is very close to chhatgpt in text writing, in Chinese.
The combination of artificial intelligence and music, games, information distribution and meta-cosm operations continued to progress during the reporting period.
1) Agi and aigc: companies provide customized aigc music products and services based on their technological advantages in the music field and accumulated experience. Meanwhile, pilot water brands are marketed and potential c-end commercialization routes are explored in conjunction with other next-generation Internet technology tools.
At the same time, the company’s internal business is fully engaged in the application of aigc technology. For music aigc, the flagship social entertainment product starmaker is constantly enriching the platform aigc music.
Content supply, on the other hand, continuous product patterns that help new and old users to accelerate the creation of social links and enhance their product use experiences by introducing new rooms and optimizing the symphony function; and, on the operational side, optimizing room recommended logic and improving matchmaking to achieve optimal distribution of traffic.
The Vr version of the virtual stage and the vatar penetration are also steadily increasing, with the impact of the most powerful stage effects and personality and the cool costumes continuously forming positive feedback during user use. On game aigc, companies are also pushing for full-scale aiization at all stages of play development, such as fine design, planning, content operation, etc.
2) Overseas information distribution and meta-cosm operations: benefiting from business development in developed countries and regions, the overall annualized arpu ratio continues to rise in one quarter, with income and profit levels exceeding previous guidelines.
Face, continue to deepen the integration of AI technology in its various operations, such as browsers, news, and meta-cosm, while cooperating fully with the openai and introducing prototyping functions such as "aiprompts" for users to bring more efficient, intelligent and interesting experiences of use. In the meta-cosm, the "mods" for gx browsers are launched.
function, the user can start with a variety of elements, such as appearance, sound, color browsers, and customize the entire individual browser experience. At the same time, online gx.store, allows a wide range of players to browse, create and share more "mods" to meet individualized needs. This quarter, the active monthly user of the Opragx browser reaches the 22 million level, continues.
The gx.games online game is now over 4,000 pieces, and the content is growing. In addition, Opra is reaching out to more potential users by organizing events and events. According to third-party statistics, it has been accompanied by successful marketing events such as “shakeandwin.”
Opra is the top downloader of the Googleplay browser and search engine applications in Brazil, and is very well placed in the science and technology equity investment business: the Kunon Foundation continued to explore potential investment opportunities, steadily advanced hard technology and, in 2023, the company will be fully engaged in the development and iterative upgrading of the “Quinlon Skywork” series of models.
For the next 10 years, Klon Vanwi will be a firm “allin” agi with aigc. To better focus efforts and resources, the follow-up company will invest in the technology equity fund and the holding of equity hatching (e.g. green green green new energy).
Business outside the country is undergoing further reforms, and strategies are planned to streamline domestic interactive entertainment platforms for recreation and recreation. Investment proposal: maintain the “upscaling” rating by looking at the forward profile of the company in the aigc era.
The company’s forward-looking layout, artificial intelligence, is expected to become a big model + eco-platform company with an increased rating. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author