Klonwanwi (300418.sz): Core business is robust, large-scale daily work model + application scene embraces the first quarter of the age of agi performance fair.
The core business is robust and actively embraces the wave of Internet change. 1) In 2023, q1 earned 1.22 billion yuan in revenue, an increase of 2.05 per cent over the year; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies was less than 210 million, excluding investments that affected the profitability of the core business and returned to the parent ' s net operating profit.
640 million yuan, an increase of 112 per cent over the previous year; Māori, an increase of 7 pct over the previous year. 3) Business coverage: aigc, metacos, games, information, distribution, socialization, entertainment, with users in more than 100 countries and territories around the world, with nearly 400 million people active each month.
Businesses like music, advertising, search, games, etc., account for their income and face the wave of Internet change with a new face.
\triangleright \triangleright \treathing to advance the development of class chhatgpt, has opened an invitation to test 3.5. Commercially active, b-end invites partners to internal testing to open api
The Chinese version of Chatgpt's intellectual property rights belongs to the odd spot, followed by a company with 50% of the net profits from the commercialization of the Chinese version of Chatgpt. 2) Full efforts are made to promote aigc technology applications, and the company combines Starx with arkgames.
And it's upgraded to Starark; music +ai and games +ai are the main directions for the release of music +ai products in 2023. Starmaker continues to enrich the platform aigc music content.
The rate has been steadily increasing; in the game aigc, overall progress has been made in all aspects of game development and operation, to improve the efficiency of game research and development.
Itd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing, and overseas information distribution and the strategic transfer of Yuan Cosmos operations to the developed regions, arpu and Biti.
\triangleright up. 2022q10pera income and profit levels exceed the previous guidelines, and overall annual arpu upscaling; on the operational side, full cooperation with openai, browsers, news, and
Integration applications in operations such as the meta-cosm, such as the introduction of raw functions such as "alpropts" that help users summarize, interpret, browse content, create tweets, etc., reshape browser interfaces: meta-cosm aspects, introducing "mods" for gx browsers, and, at the same time, go online.
gx.store. The active monthly user of the opragx browser reaches the 22 million level and continues to secure the funds. The opra jumped to the top of the list for the googleplay browser and search engine type applications in Brazil. This year, the opra integrated tiktok into the flag browser and became the global viewer.
In addition, the science and technology equity portfolio realized investment-related gains of $272 million and investment-related gains of $91 million in 2022q1, the bottom 3.5-mode + application scenario for daily workers, and the agi+aigc era.
(a) The size of the parameters: 1) the Chinese language is predominant, using a two-billion-parameter size structure, including a 100-billion-level base model and sorting model, which undergoes 3 trillion-dollar data training.
2) Functional characteristics: strong memory of features; interactive questions and answers that can support 10,000 words for text dialogue, more than 20 rounds; excellent semantic understanding, writing performance; high decoding accuracy, security; high output quality; cross-cutting problem solving; text writing close to chhatgpt, and more Chinese
3) Business model: At end b, industry-wide large model plus data greatly improves production efficiency: c end, lowers the content-creation threshold and brings about changes in content generation through aigc creation.b End application is in the initial stage, with a c-based approach, creating bc co-existence.
4. Open-source ecology: open-source community large-language models and aigc tools form the Chinese Developer Community area to meet the secondary development needs of Chinese developers and small and medium-sized enterprises, or win first for b-end sales.
Investment advice: General artificial intelligence is in the early stages of development, and some of the industry’s ecology will be reshaped. The core business of the division is growing steadily and faces the wave of Internet change with a new posture.
Risk factors: The pace of new technologies is lower than expected; the risk of increased competition in the industry; the risk of regulation; and what components are not, are not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.