# New products, new technologies, new customers #
▪ Incident: On 14 June 2023, the company issued an announcement that the controlling subsidiary Stargroup intended to purchase all shares of the singularityai and that the singularityai had taken 100% control of the wonder dot intelligence source (which jointly developed a two-billion-class model of language with Klonwanwi)
“Systemwork” 3.5. After this transaction, shareholders of the singularityai or their designated associates will receive 25 per cent of the stockholding of the Stargroup and the planned replenishment of the company's wholly-owned company, Kunlund Group Limited, in the amount of $40 million, dedicated to building the global leading agi platform.
• Actively promoting the idea of the singularity, with a faster pace expected to be achieved in the first half of the year. Through a subsidiary, the proposed acquisition of a singularityai by a subsidiary does not constitute a major asset reorganization under the Major Assets Reorganization Authority for Listed Companies Act, without the approval of the relevant authorities, and the company will be in 2023.
The transaction will be considered at the Third Interim Shareholders ' Assembly in 2023 on 30 June.It is worth noting that the sum of the stockholdings in the transaction at Singulityai is US$ 160 million, and the total equity value of shareholders below the benchmark date for the asset assessment is US$ 1,714 million (market law, by way of example).
In October 2020, the Chinese-type gpt-3 model was launched and the Chinese-class gpt-3 model training of 14 billion parameters was completed in March 2021, and released to the public in June 2021.140
On April 17, 2023, Singularityai and Kuala Lumpur launched the invitation to test 3.5 of the two-thousand-billion-grade large language model, "Sunwork". On the basis of the test, we believe that 3.5 "Sunwork" has shown itself to be self-learning.
And intelligently emerging, knowledge-wide and memory-capable applications that can respond to intelligent question-and-answer, chat, interaction, text-generation, etc.  we're looking at singularityai and perfecting and accelerating corporate agi and aigc layouts.
Startax and ktagames have been upgraded to starark, focusing on the agi and aigc plates. The current singularityai matrix will form a big model, ai search, ai play, ai music, ai locomotion, ai socialization, agi and aigc panels.
The layout continues to deepen. At the same time, it is expected to accelerate the development and commercialization of a large model of "spatial work" by 3.5 models.
Review: Performance meets expectations, operating net profits  Profit forecast and investment rating: Corporate core business is positive, we maintain the previous profit forecast, we're up, we're up, we're up, we're up, we're up, we're up, we're up, we're up, we're up, we're up.
45/37/33x. The company also has a large modeling and application capability, agi and aigc, Kuala Lumpur Vanwies (300418), 2022 Annual Report, accumulated potential for long-term growth, and we have a good view of i games, i music, meta-cosmos, and so on.
Looking forward to a second growth curve, a firm look at the company’s long-term growth potential, and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Review: extra-coded aigc input, with a forward-looking layout expected.