Quarterly 2023: Performance in line with expectations, operational nature 30/04 2023 Net profit rises on a year-on-year basis, hugging a new round of growth
Keyword: #Performance meets expectations #Intellectual continuity and higher net operating profits. 2023q1 company returns and deductions to non-repatriate net profits have declined by year and by year, mainly due to fluctuations in returns on investment operations, specifically
2023q1 has a fair value change gain of only 86 billion yuan due to the absence of new financing for the projects being invested. Looking ahead, corporate ownership is expected to continue its steady growth.
The Tower of the Holy Land (in its current edition) is expected to reach mainland China in the course of the year, contributing to an increase in performance, and the growth potential of starmaker and Opra is expected to be realized on a sustainable basis. opera: Performance is higher than expected, cooperation is expected to deepen the aigc layout. 2023q1opera
The revenue of $8.70 million, yoy+21.61 per cent and the year-on-year increase of more than 20 per cent over nine consecutive quarters; and the adjusted ebitda of $2.174 million, yoy+195.80 per cent, both of which exceeded the previous guidelines, benefited mainly from the continued transfer of Opra to high-value user areas, commerce, etc.
The level of conversion has risen steadily, with 2023q1opera annualized arpu rising by 30.12% to $1.08 dollars. We see the company’s strategy in the high arpu-value area being continuously validated, while we see the Opra Browser Integrated Generationai service, fully cooperating with the aipupts.
In the meta-cosmology industry, the size of users and the ecological abundance of content have continued to rise, reaching 22 million as of 2023q1operagx browser mau, and more than 4,000 games on-line in gx.games.
• Integration of the resource allinai, the forward-looking layout continues to fall. In the context of the Universal Large Model, on April 17, 2023, the company opened an invitation to the two-thousand-billion-grade "Datawork 3.5" model of chhatgpt.
The product leads, and the company has a clear lead on the forward-looking layout. In the ai+ application, the company pushed for internal resource consolidation and upgraded Starx to Starark, which is music for the "Quinlon Wanway" (300418), 2022.
On the music side, companies comment on the growing abundance of starmaker: plus aigc input, forward-looking aigc music content supply for the platform, customised aigc music products and services for the outside world.
To explore the commercialization path at the b and c ends; for the gameai side, the aiization of the various segments of the game development operation promoted by the company is expected to enhance the efficiency of the game research.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company ' s ai+ application is steadily moving forward and gradually exploring commercialization.
"Kullen Wanway" (300418), 2022, performance quick review: performance over-predicting caps, they consider the company to have a large model and application capability, and look at its ever-expanding model and hold on to it.
Keep an eye on the company's aigc layout, continue to be used to open up long-term growth space and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board