We're going to buy the Miracle's originals, keep watching the aigc-era growth opportunities, the media, the games, the company's research, the company's quick reviews.
Corporate bulletins: The controlling subsidiary Stargroup is about to issue shares to buy full shares of the singularityai, and upon completion of this transaction the shareholders of the singularityai or their designated associates will receive 25 per cent of the stargroup; while the fully-owned company Kunlund Group, limited in size, plans to contribute $40 billion to the growth of the stargroup and to build a global leading agi platform.
The test was launched in April, and the actual capacity is close to chhatgpt and is constantly being optimized; this acquisition of the singularity resource has helped the company to shape the global leading agi platform, complete the closed loop layout of the aigc-related industrial chain; and 2) firm “aiiin” agi and aigc, from the model layer to the application layer, are constantly improving the layout. The company continues to strengthen the large model and the landing of the aigc application, and now forms a big model, ai search, ai game, ai game, ai.
A full-scale business matrix of i-music, i-a-mixing, i-a-socialization, which has been built up since the acquisition and is expected to be synergistic in terms of synergizing the model-level business base, promoting the accelerated landing and commercialization of company-i applications. 3) Investment proposal: Keeping in mind the forward profile advantages of the aigc-era company, maintaining "Increased Industrial Intelligence, Keeping the i-business layout up, is expected to become a big model + application ecological platform in the context of the accelerated maturity of the aigc-tech base.
On June 15, Klon Van Witt took over the Quillage, building a global leading agi platform, and acquired the Quillage Ideas to further strengthen the common artificial intelligence layout. On June 15, the Quinlon Wanway Holding Company started to issue shares to buy all shares of the singularityai. Singulityai, by agreement, held 100% control over the Quinquin Wanwei.
Joint development of 3.5 large models for “spatial workers”. As of 31 March 2023, the total equity value of the stockholders of the Stargroup/singulityai was approximately $1.17 billion (approximately $250 million). After the conclusion of the transaction, the shareholders of the Singularityai or their designated associates would receive 25 per cent of the stockholding of the Stargroup, with a planned contribution of $400 million from the Kunlundwawi fully-financed subsidiary, the Kunlund Group Ltd.
In April 2023, the “sunwork” power of 3.5, which was tested, was close to chhatgpt, with fast replacements. Singularityal, which is dedicated to universal artificial intelligence, is now focusing on large pre-training models and developers of natural languages, api.
The Chinese class gpt-3 model was launched in October of that year, and the Chinese 14 billion parameter gpt-3 model training was completed in March 2021, and the Chinese 14 billion parameter gpt-3api was released to the public in June of that year. Its current joint launch with the company of the two-thousand-billion-class large language model of chhatgpt, “Sunwork”, 3.5, was launched on April 17, 2023.
Strong natural language processing and intelligent interaction, with higher levels of self-learning and intelligence surges. The “spatial” knowledge reserve, covering all fields of science, technology, culture, art, history, and with a high memory capacity, currently provides a quick, accurate and efficient response to many applications such as smart questions, chatting, text generation, etc.
This dialogue, which enables more than 20 rounds of user interaction, achieves a higher level of output in multiple question-and-answer settings, and on June 15, a large-scale daily work model with an optimal semantic understanding, reasoning, “repeated questions” and long text-processing capability. After taking stock, it is found that “spatial work” is very close to chhatgpt in text-writing, and even better in Chinese language, and is expected to be a real, functional, i-intellectual assistant.
Figure 1: An example of how the large model "Store Work" was updated on June 15, 2023.
Semantic understanding and reasoning are at the core of a large-language model. For some of the "brain turn" problems of the sword, the current "heavy rats can't cure their disease when they're sick, because they're the poison used to kill rats, not the cure."
Labor has been able to give a reasoned answer. Drugs for rat disease. If a mouse is sick, it should be treated in a timely manner, treated and cared for professionally. Rat drugs are harmful to the health of rats and should not be used to treat rat disease.
What book do you want to read if you don't learn art and want to upgrade your own aesthetics?
If you have not studied the arts, you are advised to improve your aesthetics in the following ways:
A few classic books on the history of art: History of Fine Arts, Story of the Arts, Story 2 of the Arts, History of the Arts, etc. are recommended.
Read the art theory books: understand the art theory and help improve your aesthetic abilities and artistic appreciation.
3. Viewing art films and documentaries: Through viewing excellent art films and documentaries, learning about different forms of art, current forms and creative techniques, you can improve your aesthetic ability and appreciation of the arts.
4. Participation in art exhibitions and events: visits to art exhibitions and events, personal experience of different forms of artistic expression and creative skills, which contribute to enhancing your aesthetic abilities and artistic appreciation.
In short, the promotion of your own aesthetics requires continuous learning and practice, and it is hoped that the above advice will help you.
Optimizing length “closing” and improving long-text processing capacity: 24. Not all money should be used to buy gold, taking into account inflation. In previous versions, large model factor word limits had led to some cut-off.
Question, which has been a common problem for the industry. In the latest version, daily workers have added the rules of pro-active judgment, allowing models to automatically determine “unfinished” when the answer is incomplete, and click “continue” to do so.
Continue output indefinitely until the end of the mission, effectively reducing user operating costs, avoiding incomplete answers and thus affecting user experience. Since word limits do not provide a complete response, click to continue if you need to continue generating
The firm "allin"agi and aigc, from the model layer to the application layer, are constantly improving the layout of the model layer, and the big model technology base is being strengthened to accelerate the commercialization of the ai. The company continues to strengthen the large model and the aigc application, and now has a full-scale business matrix of the ai model, ai search, ai game, ai music, ai circulation, ai socialization.
At the application level, at the beginning of 2023, the company upgraded Starx to Starark, with an enabler music and game creation, and the accelerated pace at the model level would better enable the development of the music and games.
Investment proposals: Consider the forward-looking advantages of the aigc era companies, maintain an “uptake” rating, continuously improve the ai business layout, and become platform-based companies with large models and applied ecology, with less than expected applications; technological advances are lower than expected; investment operations are less than expected, and so forth, in the context of the accelerated maturity of the aigc science base.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject