The company evaluation study — the non-ferrous metal industry has benefited from supply-side reforms, and the aluminium industry has seen a significant increase in its leading performance, Chinese aluminium (60160.sh)
During the reporting period, the supply-side reforms and macroeconomic warming in the electrolytic aluminium industry boosted consumption by an increase of 40.5 per cent to $209 per year in the national average price of aluminium oxide in 2017.
Production of 1281 million tons of aluminium oxide in 2017, an increase of 6.48 per cent over the same year in 2016; production of 3.61 million tons of electrolysis aluminium, an increase of 22.37 per cent over the same year.
The company ' s electrolytic aluminum business plate, due to the increase in the price of aluminium oxide and the cost of electricity, the increase in the Māori rate over R & D costs of R & D of R , led to an increase in the company ' s management costs in 2017 of between $39,03% and $4,046 million on a year-on-year basis. The significant increase in management costs and the sharp fall in aluminium prices in the fourth quarter were contained.
Further release of the company ' s performance in 2017, resulting in a significant reduction in the ring ratio of the company ' s 2017q4 quarter shareholder net profit ratio to the parent company. (ii) Debt-to-equity swaps to reduce leverage to improve the capital structure
The company has introduced eight investment agencies, namely, Wah Hon Ri-Tung, Chinese Life, to pay off the debts of the four subsidiaries of the company in the form of debt swaps and cash replenishments.
The purchase of assets in the form of shares from eight investors will result in the purchase of 30.8% of the total holdings, 36.9% of the Central Aluminium Industry, 25.67% of the Aluminium Packard Industry, and 81.14% of the Aluminium Minerals Industry.
We believe that the state reform of the supply-side side of the electrolytic aluminium industry to eliminate irregularities in the production and liability ratio and reduce the interest costs of companies will help to improve the quality of the company’s assets, improve the financial and capital structure of the company, and increase the company’s continued profitability.
As a leader in the electrolytic aluminum industry, the output ceiling for electrolytic aluminium is clearly defined, production growth will drop, the supply and demand fundamentals of the industry are gradually improving, and the industry has come to an end. The company, as a leader in the electrolytic aluminum industry, will demonstrate its ability to produce electrolytic aluminium and aluminium oxide as a result of supply side reform.
1) Aluminium electrolysis and aluminium oxide prices have fallen significantly; 3) the energy cost of raw materials has risen significantly.