Annual Report 2021 and Quarterly Review 2022: Pluralism
The company completes the Opra, Stargroup and forms a merger of enterprises under the same control, where the overseas market continues to expand as compared to the previous year, the investment business is subject to a loss of profit, and the game is growing steadily. The Tower of St. Helena is on the line in South-East Asia, and its product is already 2022q1 in Port of China.
The Australasian region has come online and plans to do so in mainland China, Europe, and America over the course of the year, contributing to the growth of the industry, while the company’s reserves include self-research projects such as The Dragon Legend, The Moor's Stimulus. opera: User growth continues to thrive, and the Meso-Cosmos Business Blocks show good performance in 2021.
The average monthly active users for the year was nearly 360 million, with users in Latin America and North America growing by the same dollar, yoy+63 per cent. By the end of 2021, the game browser's monthly active users had reached 14 million, yoy+100 per cent, in coordination with the developers' game engine, opragms.
By the end of 2021, there were about 1 million active users of the Eurocosm project. We saw the growth of the core business, the potential for commercialization, the continued growth of the new business, 2021.
In 2021, the company completed the construction of thestarx matrix and is expected to move forward in 21 years.
In addition, its main music social entertainment platform, Starmaker, continued to expand to high-arpu-value areas, with a cumulative total of about 240 million registered users in late 2021, ranked top 5 on the global music/audio download list in 82 countries, capturing Korean, Spanish, Italian and other national homogeneities.
List 1, European developed countries like France, Belgium, top 5 of the list of peer downloads. We look to Cullen Wanwi (300,418), where the acquisition of starmaker over the higher arpu value continues to expand, driving the growth of corporate performance.
Starmaker marches into audio socialization, five big profits projections and investment ratings: taking into account the volatility of corporate investment operations, we downgraded the previous profit forecast and the matrix of operations to drive long-term growth.
As the leading domestic Internet access platform, five operations have developed in concert, and commercial potential continues to be released, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board