The Lithium Industry (002460): The whole industry's chain is in place.
Event: The company published its 2019 report. The company achieved operating income of $5,342 million, an increase of 6.75 per cent over the same period; the firm is the world's leading producer of lithium compounds and of lithium metal, which covers upstream lithium extraction and middle-trip lithiumization.
The diversification of mineral resources, the production capacity of lithium products in the first two parts of the world: the global distribution of lithium mineral resources, with a total of more than 48 million tons (100 per cent) of total resources, is achieved through many forms of ownership of the complex and metal lithium processing and downstream lithium cell production and high-quality lithium mineral resources, including stock participation/stocking.
The company currently has an annual capacity of 4.05 million tons of lithium carbonate + 310,000 tons of lithium hydroxide + 1600 tons of lithium metal, hydrogen oxygen.
Lithium-based production is the second highest in the world and the first highest in the country, and the highest in the world in the production and sale of metals. The rise in the volume of the product effectively compensates for the fall in the price of lithium: the overall income from the lithium product series fell by between 0.19 and 4,161 million yuan, and the revenue from the lithium tank and other operations grew by 60.11 and 26.09 per cent, respectively.
Increase by 24.3 per cent to 484 million tonnes (lce) to stabilize the size of the collection as a whole at a supplemental price. The decline in lithium prices has led to a decline in profitability, reflected in a 30.5 per cent decrease in the overall Māori rate to $1,256 million, a small reduction in the rate during the 12.6 pct decline, and the impact of non-recurrent gains and losses on profits for the period: total three fees (including R & D) as a proportion
Billion dollars, due to significant fluctuations in equity prices in investment pilbara (a 55.6 per cent decline throughout 2019), became the largest non-recurring gain or loss affecting profits; losses on assets and credit impairment increased by $72 million compared to the same period last year, owing to stock price falls and bad debt losses on accounts receivable.
The cost of raw materials has been added to the capacity of smelting to build a future growth space: the company's main lithium concentrate price has fallen, and it is clear that the average purchase price is expected to fall by about 20 per cent in 2020 compared to last year, leading to a 13 per cent reduction in the full production cost in 2020. The cauchari-olaroz project will be put into production after delivery, and the company's raw material for the production of lithium carbonate will be 100 per cent of the original lithium.
The total production cost of lithium carbonate combined is expected to rise to 605,000 tons per year after delivery (in accordance with corporate interests). The current capacity of lithium hydroxide is 310,000 tons, and the three-stage 50,000 tons battery-grade project of the New Maroon is expected to be operational by the end of 2020 (100 per cent interest).
Production capacity will reach 810,000 tons, an increase of 238 per cent from the current level. In 2019, the company’s global capacity for lithium hydroxide was about 15 per cent, after 22 per cent of albemarle (alb).
▪ Profit forecasting and rating: supply side sustained clean-up, demand-side recovery after the epidemic improved with a strong degree of certainty, supply and demand pattern untaxed sales of lithium acid (including taxes) at an average price of RMB 5.5.58/63,000 per tonne, battery-grade sales of lithium hydroxide (including taxes) at an average cost of RMB 8.0/8.4/90 million per ton, and sales of lithium metal (including taxes) at an average cost of RMB 6064/68 million per ton.
Many times, the “recommended” rating is maintained in view of the new energy sector’s space for growth and corporate leadership. The East’s financial and intellectual boom, the Fifeng lithium industry (002460): the whole industry chain layout continues to grow, and the lithium industry’s giants begin to emerge.
1. Overview: Diverse mineral resources, the world ' s leading lithium eco-enterprise, with a multiplicity of high-quality lithium resources in many forms, such as equity participation/stockholding, and a stable, high-quality, diversified supply of raw materials to achieve the global distribution of lithium mineral resources (Australia, Argentina, Mexico, Ireland and China), which is the only lithium industry with both halowater and ore
The company currently has a total of 48.18 million tons of lce. equity resources of 20.5 million lce. The company has the capacity to produce more than 40 different types of lithium compounds and lithium metal products, currently has an annual design capacity of 4.05 million tons of lithium carbonate + 31 million tons of lithium hydroxide + 1600 tons of lithium metal. The company has the second, second, first, third, and first, third, third, third, third, third, third, and third, and third, third, and third, third, and third, third, third, and third, third, third, third, and third, third, third, third, third, and third, third, third, third, and third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, and third, third, third, third, and third, third, third, and third, annual, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, and third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, and third, third, third, third, and third, third, third, third, and third, third, third, third, third, third, and third, and third, third, third, and third, third, third, and third, third, third, third, and third, third, third, third, third, third, and third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, and third, third, third, third, third, third, and third, and third, third, third, third, and third, and third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, and third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, and third, and third, third, third, third, third, and third, third, third, third, third, third, third, and third, and third, and third, and third, and third,
Production capacity of lithium batteries, 600 million wh power cell lines and 30 million tws batteries.
The company ' s revenues are mainly derived from lithium-series products (Lithium carbonate/Lithium hydroxide/Lithium metal, etc.). In 2019, sales of lithium-series products accounted for 78 per cent of total revenues, while Māori accounted for 90 per cent of total revenues, representing the firm ' s absolute business pillar; and lithium battery-related products accounted for about 11 per cent.
In 2019, the company collected $5,342 million, an increase of 6.75 per cent. On a sub-product basis, the overall income from the lithium series fell by 0.19 per cent, the average price of lithium hydroxide exported fell by 6.9 per cent, but the company tied the Japanese battery plant to boost its overseas lithium hydroxide orders significantly, raising the overall sales of lithium hydroxide by 24.3 per cent to 484 million lce to stabilize the overall collection. It is worth noting that the overall inventory grew by 65.9 per cent to 1.46 million lce, mainly as a result of the new surplus.
The production of 20,000 tons of single-water lithium hydroxide production line and 1.75 million tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate production line in Ningdu led to an increase in swing stocks. The decline in lithium prices led to a decline in profitability, in the form of a 30.5% to 1,256 million yuan decline in overall Māori and a 12.6 pct to 23.5% decline in the Māori ratio.
Figure 3: Disaggregation of revenue movements by 2019 (in millions of dollars) Figure 6: Minor reduction of rates during 2.2 sub-product Māori rate movements, non-recurrent gains and losses affecting current profits
The cost of the three fees (including R & D) in 2019 was 10.58 per cent, down 0.87 pct from the same period last year. Of this amount, sales costs were reduced by $20 million, mainly because of the fact that $42 million of transport services provided within the group were not included in the cost of sales; administrative costs were reduced by $100 million, while consultancy and brokering costs were reduced; financial services were reduced by $1.2 billion; and research and development costs were increased by $17 million.
Reduction in net gains on fair value changes and increased losses on assets/credit impairments delay current profits. Net gains on fair value changes in the current period decreased by $176 million to $395 million on a year-on-year basis, owing to significant fluctuations in equity prices in investment pilbara (55.6 per cent down in 2019); losses on assets and credit impairments reached $79 million, an increase of $72 million over the same period last year, and a source of financial prosperity in the East.
Increase in losses due to stock price falls and bad accounts receivable. Other gains for the year amounted to $55 million, a decrease of $103 million in the same year, and a decrease in the amount of financial subsidies received by the company. Figure 8: Reduction in net gains from fair value changes over the current period (in millions of dollars). 3. Future growth logic: lower cost of raw materials + expansion + reverse of the bottom price of lithium
3.1 The cost of raw materials has the potential to decline and the level of Maori will rise marginally. Lower prices for raw materials are mainly derived from the mtmarion mines. According to the Mineralresources announcement, the price of the mtmarion lithium concentrate sales fell significantly, with an average price of $792, 682, 609, 521 dry tons, respectively, for 2019q1-q4 / dry tons, and the projected cost for the acquisition of lithium concentrates for the entire year 2020 is close to 19q4, i.e., 19 q4.
The average annual price of lithium concentrate purchases is about 20% lower than in 2019. The company’s full production cost in 2019 was about RMB 56,000/tonne of lithium carbonate, while the 20% drop in raw material prices is expected to drive the full production cost down to RMB 49,000/t in 2020, a decrease of about 13%.
The full cost is expected to be $35,000/t. With the project coming into production, the company's lithium carbonate production raw materials will be converted from the original 100% lithium concentrate to the pattern of “smelt: halogen = 2:1” (by equity capacity). In the long run, the cauchari-olaroz participation increases the production costs of lithium carbonate when the price of lithium is warming back to higher levels, and the company's total production costs are expected to remain below $50,000/tonne in the long term.
3.2 Production expansion increases market share, and high-quality clients cooperate in gaining a terminal premium The company currently designs 4.05 million tons of lithium carbonate (25.8 million tons of effective capacity), of which Ningdu has 17.5 million new production lines with an energy release rate of about 16 per cent in 2019; if Agen Tincauchari-olaroz is officially operational as of the scheduled date of 2021, the overall capacity of lithium carbonate will rise to 60.5 million tons (in accordance with corporate interests).
In 2019, the company ' s global production capacity for lithium hydroxide was announced to be around 15%, followed by 22% of albemarle (alb). Other than alb, the increase in the prospective production capacity of manufacturers is limited, meaning that the market share of the firm will increase further as the production capacity expands.
With regard to lithium battery operations, the company’s 30 million tws battery production lines were officially launched in 19q1 and now amounting to 50,000 q1 per day. The 30 million thongs per year of total automatic polymer lithium battery production lines and the high-capacity lithium ion cell production lines at the new 600 million watt-hours were launched in 2019.
Battery companies and whole-car manufacturers require higher quality and stability of lithium salt, and companies enter the supply system of leading companies to absorb additional production capacity, and form the source of financial growth in the East.
Good demonstration effects and benefit from a tap premium. Table 4: Company-designed production and performance projections for lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide (by equity) Table 5: Corporate collaboration with selected large offshore customers
The excess supply plus the impact of the epidemic has led to a continuing decline in lithium prices. Lithium prices are approaching the cost of production in mines, with the exception of greenbuses, where Australia and the rest of the world are at about $400 per ton, some of which are above $500 per ton. Under current lithium concentrate prices, high-cost cash flow pressures on mines have highlighted the fact that 19q3 has begun to phase out/reassemble. Delays in the release of new and old production capacity will become normal.
The new energy subsidy policy has landed, and the boom has led to a rise in the demand for lithium. The domestic subsidy for new energy vehicles has been extended to 2022, with a rate of 10%, 20%, and a rapid increase in demand in the field of batteries over the previous year’s decline.
The epidemic is gradually under control, demand at the end or in the second half of the year will recover, supply and demand patterns will improve significantly over the next 1-2 years, and lithium prices are expected to rise back. 10,000 yuan per ton, and sales of lithium metal (including taxes) will average $6,064.6 million per ton;
In 2020-2022, the Ningdu lithium carbonate production line was able to produce 40/60/80/80 per cent of the capacity designed for production and in Argentina, the cauchari-laroz project was effective 0 per cent/5/15 per cent; in the New Maroon, the three-phase lithium hydroxide project was effective 10/40/60 per cent; and in pilbara stock prices were low and the fair value change gain or loss was no longer negative in 2020;
Downstream demand is not as good as expected; lithium prices continue to be low; the project is not as good as expected.
The 4th place in the real estate industry is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Name. In the 2014-million-year information year, "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasts Accurate Real Estate Industry Number Three." Today, 2016, I invested in the Sky-Eyed Real Estate Industry, Judo-Hung, which is researching the non-ferrous metal industry.
10 years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment and team management, formerly at the East Hing Futures Investment Council.
Chief Executive Officer, Non-ferrous Metals, Futures and Quantities Strategy Group; former investment manager of the Treasure Nobu Yong Fung Dong-hing Asset Management Programme. Second prize for joint research on futures options at the Chinese Financial Futures Exchange and third prize for joint research on futures options at the Chinese Institute of Finance; third prize for Chinese gold medals, silver and multimedia copper prizes for product versions; and third prize for market simulation of soy futures at the Dalian Commodity Exchange.
The shares refer to options for a competition for market simulations. Authors of futures weather for Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Journal. 2018 analyst's own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to be objective and impartial in the content of the report, but the points and conclusions in the paper are clear.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.