The Voltaires (601688.sh) are the top ten markets, self-reverse, technology-enhanced.
The main lines of business, such as market warming, corporate wealth management, institutional operations, investment management and credit operations, have all grown significantly, and the companies that follow it have continued to push for a “two-wheel drive” of technology-enabling development strategy that surrounds the concepts of digitization, platforming, eco-economy, perfecting the ficc proxy system, and exploring “i-intelligence.”
“Operations + Science and Technology” combines to add value. Self-employment and interest performance are the main drivers of performance growth.
385.5 billion yuan, an increase of 4.24 per cent from the end of 2024. During the quarter, net interest income increased by 965 million yuan, three times the same year, mainly as a result of the decline in the size of interest-bearing debt and in the cost of funds and interest expenditure.
The impact of the warming has been that brokers earn 1.936 billion yuan, an increase of 42.6 per cent over the same period, and the company's end-of-cycle monetary fund structure, deepening core customer services, upgrading the system of financial and transactional services, and increasing customer stickyness. As of the end of 2024, the size of the “equity + blend” and the size of the non-monetary market fund-raising was 2289 and 2289 respectively.
16.6 billion yuan, second only to the Sino-Chinese voucher industry, while buyers’ funds continue to grow in business, and companies as a whole form a multi-layered system of retail customer wealth services.
In the first quarter of 2025, the ipo, refinancing regulations became more regular, and the investment industry continued to be pressured to earn $542 million, a slight decline in the company's investment income during the same period.
Trade Securities (601688.sh) - Industry Hardships for Transformation, Overseas/Income Controls/Fortunes, Huathai Securities (601688.sh) - Investment Understood, Overseas Integration - 2044-05-02, Industry 5th with potential for subsequent M & As.
“Walthai Securities (601688.sh) - Trend in wealth, self-directed towards results” Investment proposal: our projections of corporate profitability remain unchanged, with a forecast of net corporate repatriation in 2025-2027 as an example, and a “better than the big market” rating is maintained for companies.
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan) Figure 2: Corporate net profit return and rate of increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Corporate operating income and rate of increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Company single-season net profit return and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 5: Company-owned business structure Investment proposal: our projections of corporate profitability remain unchanged, with company-owned net profit forecast for 2025-2027, respectively
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject