A single-season self-employed income has been positive, and brokering and credit operations have continued to increase.
(a) A single-season self-employment income shift from the same to the same increase, with net interest income remaining at the same high level as broker income, from --38 per cent of \triangleright battalion business income to +47 per cent of 24q4, and a 3.20-fold increase in net interest income over the same period;
In fee-type operations, the revenue from brokers increased by 42.6 per cent on a single-season basis and remained high on a year-on-year basis; in the industry, revenue from services decreased by 5.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis by a smaller increase of 24q4; and in the case of the management business income ring, the close proximity of the operations: (1) in the case of self-employment operations, the self-employment ring rose by 25q1 on a single-season basis, mainly in the case of self-employment operations.
\triangleright's self-leveraging rate has recovered steadily, and the return on self-investment rates have stabilized.
The transactional financial assets/claimsoci/equityoci have increased by a rounding, while the claims ac size ratio has not changed significantly. The company has increased the transactional financial assets for the first time since 23q4, while the claimsoci and equity oci models have remained high. 24q4 SMS net revenue of $1.9 billion, ring - 22.0%, same as
+42.6%, down 43.54pt from 24q4, with revenue from brokers growing for two consecutive quarters in a single season. 18.39 billion yuan in broker trading at the end of 25q1 remains high from 2017 to the present, with apps for nearly three quarters reaching 1,14.919 million, with ring growth. Capital markets remain high.
Investors ' enthusiasm to enter the market and corporate brokerage revenues are expected to rise steadily. (3) In credit operations, the size of the debt and the cost of the money continue to fall, and interest payments continue to fall. > (4) In investment operations, 25q1 investors continue to show negative returns on a year-on-year basis, with refinancing shifting to growth on a year-on-year basis.
Bonds continue to grow at a faster rate. 25q1 Wathai Securities Portfolio revenue is $500 million, or 26.7%, equal to -5.9%, and 24q4, or 5.08pc, larger than the corresponding decrease of 24q4. In equity, ipo, according to ifind statistics, is on the same scale but refinancing is increasing at the same rate. In bond underwriting, 25q1 principals are on the same line.
At $288.6 billion or +29.5 per cent, the size of the debt remains at a faster rate. \triangleright 25q1 at the end of the War Tebretf flag, $338.7 billion in size, or 73 per cent.
In 2024, the net interest rate of 24 q3,25 q1 – if the sale of ansetmark is not considered as a significant increase in the return on investment – was to be reduced.
A single-season high since 21q2, the same year +6.72pct. In this case, the operating and management rates (excluding other operations) \triangleright operations have strong advantages and the number of active users of the \triangleright app keeps the securities industry at the top.
Fiscal and monetary policies are gradually being introduced, and we believe that companies are expected to continue to grow in business lines such as brokerage, investment, etc. Maintenance of the “recommended” rating.
Figure 1: Accumulated turnover and speed of growth of thehua-Thai securities.
Figure 5: Changes in the business income structure of thehua-Thai securities Investment return + net gain on the fair value of the enterprise
Figure 7: Trends in auto-roa and roe securities: Figure 9: Size and rate of increase in financial investment in Voltae securities: Figure 11: Revenue from and rate of increase in securities brokering
Figure 12: Size and rate of increase in securities purchases on behalf of the Washington Stock Exchange: Figure 13: Public fund raising aum and speed of increase on the South Fund: Figure 14: Public fund raising aum and speed of increase on the Walter Tebret Fund
Figure 15: Net revenue and growth in the operations of the Huatay Securities Portfolio; Figure 16: Size and acceleration of stockholdings in Huathai; Figure 17: Size and pace of financing of the Huatay Securities Loan
Figure 18: Size and rate of return sales of the Huathai securities, Figure 19: Huathai securities market gain (pe) Figure 20: Huathai securities market net (pb)
The methodology and analytical logic of the study, the methodology and analytical logic of the study, and accountability for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.