\triangleright Net credit revenue has increased at a significant rate compared to the previous year, with brokers turning year-on-year to growth, investment and revenue collection
\triangleright shows: (1) 24q4 one-quarter self-employment income negative on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to the same rate of return on self-employment investments, and the same scale of financial investments increasing. 24q4 self-employment income (excluding the Oci variation)
In terms of the size of the financial investment, the corporate financial investment at the end of 24q4 was $359.8 billion, the equity position remained low at June/December 24, and the stock position remained robust. The annualized self-investment return on securities was 2.7 per cent, at a second-high level after q3 in 24 years, but the same year was reversed.
Negative; taking into account the 3.5% return on the change in ocí. We believe that, with the optimized structure of the corporate asset liability, the revenue from the brokering business has shifted from (2) to a significant increase, with the net income from the rental of seats in the first/second half of the 24-year period equal to -10.0 per cent/+3.2 per cent in the second half of the year, respectively, for the replacement of financial products.
The PGF sales, which remain at $16.6 billion, rank second in the industry, with the same size as +4.3 per cent, have recovered significantly by the end of 24h1. (3) The single-season revenue ring has rebounded, and the full-year size of the PGF has fallen at the same speed but at the same rate.
The \triangleright dot income has briefly fallen, and 24q4 ringbacks have recovered. The 24-year increase in the size of the capital has been increasing at a rate of 556.3 billion yuan, compared to 17.0 per cent in the last 24 years, and the rate of increase has been 10.7 per cent higher than 24h1.
At the end of the day, the South Fund managed assets of $2.47 trillion, or +30.5 per cent, of the same size; the WaterTebret Fund managed assets of the same size of $6,88.2 billion, or +72.8 per cent; and the Watebre flag of 30,096.6 billion, or 174 per cent, of the same size, ranked first in the non-monetary market of the two cities.
After that, the net interest income of 24q4 companies was 1.4 billion yuan, the highest in the single season since 21q3, which was 13.55 times higher than the previous year. The interest expenditure line fell significantly over the same period, as did the interest expenditure on the sale of buy-backs/disbursements at the end of 24q4 and short-term borrowings.
At the international level, Joatai King (Hong Kong) has completed the 7 single-port ipo sponsorship project, which ranks third in the market.
The monthly number of active users of the “Growing Wealth” keeps the securities industry at the top, the non-capital fund sales at the top of the industry, and the Waterbury and South Fund aum rises. As capital markets turn to heat, we believe that the corporate headlines, such as brokerage, financial management, are expected to continue to grow.
Figure 1: Accumulated turnover and rate of growth of thehua-Thai securities. Figure 2: Accumulated net return profits and rate of increase of thehua-Thai securities. Figure 3: Revenue and rate of increase in the single season of the Hua-Thai securities
Figure 4: Net profit and rate of increase for the Huathai Stock Exchange by parent, 1913201303.
Figure 5: Changes in the business income structure of thehua-Thai securities Business investment returns + net gains on the fair value of the business
Figure 8: Huathai securities operations and management rates, Figure 9: Size and pace of financial investment in Huathai securities, Figure 10: Size of Huathai securities claims and equityoci
Figure 11: Overall Portfolio Portfolio Portfolio Portfolio Portfolio Portfolio Income Ratio Figure 12: Hua Thai Portfolio Portfolio Investment Gain Ratio Figure 13: Hua Thai Securities Brokering Income Structure
Figure 15: Size and speed of assets of clients hosting thehua-Thai securities and figure 16: Size and speed of sales of the Hua-Thai securities financial products
Figure 17: Number and Growth of Securities and Financial Products in Huatai Company Bulletin, Institute of Civil Securities, Figure 19: Size and Growth of Securities and Finance Operations in Huatai
Figure 20: Size and rate of increase in sales of the White House Securities and Non-Commodity Fund, Figure 21: South Fund aum and speed of increase, Figure 22: Water Fund aum and speed of increase
Figure 23: Size and ranking of stockholders in Huathai; Figure 24: Size and ranking of stockholders in Huathai; Figure 25: Size and rate of increase inhuatay securities financing bonds
Figure 26: Bonded buyback balances and speed of increase in stock buy-backs on Huatai securities, Figure 27: Rate of return on loan and buy-back returns on Huatai securities, Figure 28: Size and rate of increase in sales of Huatai securities
Figure 30: Huatai stock market net (pb) Summary of data projections for Huatai securities financial statements
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.