• Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) and increase in the volume of staple products, with significant year-round growth in performance
A comparison of company prices with the trend of deep 300 tons of chemical raw materials achieved sales of 27.44 million tons, with an average sale price of $4812.95 per ton, with an increase of 358 million tons, with an average sale price of 665,000 yuan per ton, with an increase of 0.5 per cent, respectively.
• Quota supply and demand patterns are being repaired, three generations of refrigerants are about to enter the boom period, three generations of refrigerant prices are in the bottom zone, refrigerant supply and demand patterns will begin to be repaired after the quota has landed, supply and demand gaps will continue to increase, and three generations of refrigerant prices will rise.
The end of the baseline year means the end of the “negative profit” capture of the market, with three generations of refrigerant prices expected to warm. The supply and demand structure repairs and the heating of prices are expected to lead to a future cooler industry climate that will continue to rise. The company’s three generations of refrigerant production capacity, 3974 million tons, is located.
As a global leader, three generations of refrigerant sales have been at the top of the industry in the last three years, and future fluorinated products with high-value-added products are on the rise at the quota point. Companies have a wide potential to grow in the long term and continue to expand the structure of fluorinated products, with high-end fluorinated products. Twenty-three million tons of pvdf are in place.
In the field of fluorine fluids, there are currently limited new fluorinated high-quality materials in Zhejiang.
Refrigerant cooling systems are now in place and operational, breaking through domestic perfluoropolyethers.
In addition, the company is pushing ahead with projects like vdf, faep, and is expected to support the company’s long-term development with the release of the company’s capacity to produce. We firmly see the growth in performance associated with three generations of coolant price warming and the mega-chlorinated chlorofluorocarbons.
At the same time, the company has new fluorinated materials, with a high-value-added-up of the company ' s Māori ratio of RMB 100 million, with an increase of +11.4%, +32.1%, and +15.0% over the same period. The equivalent of 18.8% and (1) three-generation refrigerant quota allocation are not ideal;
(ii) Lower-than-expected downstream demand; (iii) lower-than-expected start-up of new production capacity; and (iv) faster replacement of four generations of refrigerant:
(v) Macro-policy risks. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. Data and information used in the present report come from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.