Larger shares (600160.sh) Basic chemicals and chemical products responding to the epidemic, rising energy and raw materials prices, increased competition in the market, and seasonally safe production
In 2022, the production and sale of the company’s main products continued to grow steadily, operating income increased considerably, profits showed good performance, and year-round performance was in line with our previous expectations. Overall, the company as a fluorinated product continued to grow steadily.
The advantages of industrial chain integration are significant, benefiting from the continued release of the main business and from the increase in the price of products on a par. In 2022, the price of products, basic chemical products, food packaging materials, fluorinated polymers, etc.
Prices for materials, refrigerants, etc., are 2751, 14653, 6653, 20657 tonnes, and the same-year increase is consistent with a significant increase in the previous year. In terms of cost, companies carefully organize production operations, tap efficiency, energy savings, opportunity purchases, and better control the price of raw materials.
As the industry’s competitive patterns tend to converge, we see that three generations of refrigerant are expected to recover. In recent years, firms have continued to operate efficiently in reverse, leading to cycles of recovery.
Development of a high-value-added fluorinated chemicals extension industry chain and active promotion of the industrialization of cooling fluid products in data centres. In addition to active promotion of lithium electrical materials, such as the pvdf project, mega-equity has been successfully opened.
Large core cooling fluids dedicated to high-performance data centre equipment were released, filling the gap in high-performance data centres dedicated to cooling fluids in the country. The company's impregnated cooling fluids project planned to produce 5,000 tons of capacity/ Giant Shares (600160.sh) - Fluorine giants' performance increased significantly and operated efficiently.
Each year, one of the 1,000 tonnes/year projects is in the construction phase. We're looking at the future.
High-value fluorinated industrial product production, such as fluorinated fine chemicals, fluorine cooling fluids and high-value-added fluorinated industrial product production, was evaluated in the performance forecast for megastock-600160-2021: q3 performance increased significantly, I
Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts and buy-in ratings. Companies are focused on market opportunities, actively pushing down the bottom of the cycle, and will take advantage of the opportunities presented by changes in industry patterns to continue to grow by the same season and by the ring.
The negative effects of rising prices of materials, increased competition in markets, and increased pressure on seasonally safe production have fully taken advantage of the Department’s own industrial chain integration. In 2022, the production and sale of the company’s main products grew steadily, operating income increased considerably, and the performance of the year was consistent with our previous expectations.
Throughout the year 2022, companies took advantage of industrial chain integration and effectively controlled costs, and in a reverse position, the volume of food packaging materials and refrigerant products sold increased substantially. At the same time, companies had well-developed systems for chlorinated products, with excellent cost controls; in addition, companies actively expanded fluorinated polymers (e.g., pvdf) and so on.
In the last two years, the supply of pvdf and its raw materials r142b, driven by rapid demand growth in downstream lithium electricity and photovoltaics, has become very tight and prices have risen markedly, while, with the significant expansion of the capacity of companies in the country, pvdf prices have fallen in March 2022 and are still in the price-down route.
The company already has 10,000 tons of annual paint + photovoltaic + lithium level pvdf (an additional 6,500 tons of capacity has been put into operation in 22q3) and is working on a positive layout for the expansion of pvdf, with 23,500 tons of capacity under construction, and the installation of equipment for the current project is almost complete.
In terms of business performance, it seems to us that companies are expected to take full advantage of and benefit from the opportunities created by changes in industry patterns, focusing on high-quality development around the overall requirements of “greening development, digital reform, new mega-launching” to create a world-class fluorine brand with first-class products. At this point, we look forward to fluorination.
The industry is about to be configured. The performance forecast is consistent with our earlier expectations, and we maintain the company’s profit forecast, with a marked increase in the price of raw materials such as industrial salt, benzene, smoke-free coal, sulphur, and so on.
Revenue growth has been sustained. Throughout 2022, the company hfcs, overall refrigerants, food packaging materials, fluoropolymer materials, fluorinated raw materials, petrochemical materials together achieved production of 39.00, 57.28, 19.33, lower than output, mainly due to the use of some products as raw materials for internal downstream products.
What is happening is that the company’s refrigerant product sales have followed a significant growth base of the previous year, ensuring that the company’s leading position in the HFC market is sustained. From an operational point of view, the company has achieved significant structural optimization of products such as hfcs, fluorine polymers, petrochemicals, etc. against a background of poor cyclical climate.
In the context of the bottom of the fluorine cycle, companies continue to expand their production and operate steadily in reverse through capacity-deeping, energy-saving emission reductions, precipitation, structural optimization, etc. Refrigerants: 3-generation refrigerant climate pressure from 2020-2022 will gradually rise in industry.
Three generations of refrigerant prices have been on the rise for nearly three years: in 2020, influenced by the impact of a new coronary pneumonia, a quota competition caused by the Kigali amendment, the three generations of refrigerant markets continued to weaken at the end of 2019, with prices falling across products. Hydrofluoric acids had gone down since the outbreak, and rebounded after reaching their lowest year in May 2020.
Reconciling. R32 excess capacity continues, prices are limited, and the price of r134a has reached a new low in recent years. Downstream air conditioners, the automobile industry, dropped both ways in 2020. In the first half of 2021, the price of the refrigerants, with the exception of the price of r32, which remained hovering below the cost line, warmed back, and as of 30 June 2021, the price of r22 was higher.
The decline of about 4.0 per cent at the beginning of the year and the increase of about 17.6 per cent in r410a at the beginning of the year was sustained in August 2021 with prices of raw materials such as hydrofluoric acid, methane chloride, ethane chloride, etc., as well as the low rate of start-up of refrigerants as a result of energy consumption, double-control and power restrictions, and a marked rebound in the prices of refrigerant products against the background of the traditional boom in demand-side refrigerants,
The price increase continued until early November 2021. Then, since November 2021, refrigerant prices were generally reversed in the context of the gradual release of feedstock end supply. Since 2022, refrigerant prices have gradually moved down the road.
In July, r22 prices entered the upswing route, and prices have now risen significantly and remain high, with the prevailing prices in the Chinese East market now standing at $18,000-18500 per tonne; overall, the overall level of profitability of second-generation refrigerants/bubble blowing agents is relatively good. (2) For three-generation refrigerants, 2204, the refrigerant r134a market is operating in a weak manner,
Each year, China will reduce its HFC use by 80% from the 2020-22 baseline. This means that China will regulate Hfcs (HFCs)-related chemicals, including a 2024 freeze on production and consumption of hfcs.
Recovering steady growth in tourism demand, we see a three-generation recovery in refrigerants. Figure 4: R22 price-to-price tracking, Figure 6: r134a price-to-price tracking
Figure 7: R125 price and price differential tracking Figure 9: r142b price and price differential tracking Figure 8: r143a price and price differential tracking
The development of fluorinated polymers and other fluorinated chemicals, high-end extension of industrial chains The company continues to be active in the areas of “long chains, patches, patches, strong lines” and the industrial level and competitiveness have improved significantly. Currently, the company is the only one in the country that owns one- to four-generation fluorinated refrigerants, fluorine refrigerants.
The size is at the top of the world; in the last three years, companies have made technological breakthroughs in fluorinated polymers that have increased in quantity and quality, and the product structure has increased substantially. Currently, mega-stocks of hfp, ptfe, fep, fkm are at the forefront of the industry, especially in the last three years, where companies have been acquiring technology for fluorinated polymers.
New breakthroughs and rapid growth: of these, the company already has 10,000 tons of pvdf devices with the capacity to produce lithium electric pvdf resins, and the existing product varieties include coating levels, solar backclothing, water treatment membranes, wire cables, lithium batteries glued
pvdf resins, etc. for project planning. On 3 December 2021, the company issued the Fixed Assets Investment Project Proclamation: a new 48kt/avdf extension project is proposed for the company's branch office, and a new 30kt/apvdf extension project (phase I) with a total investment of 23.5kt/apvdf.
979 million yuan and 693 million yuan. The latter produces pvdf resin using suspended polymerization and emulsion polymerization processes. 48 ktavdf and 23.5 ktapvdf technical extension project workers were released on April 22, 2022.
“Liquid cooling” means the cooling of the demand for the evaporation of equipment, such as the server, by using liquids with a high heat tolerance as the basis for heat transfer.it is divided into indirect and direct contact liquid cooling, pure water, minerals.
Oil and fluorine are commonly used cooling fluids. The current application of liquid cooling techniques is mainly to high-performance computing, which is widely used in data centres, margin computing, artificial intelligence technology, etc. With cloud computing, the innovation of big data, especially artificial intelligence technology, and the need for more efficient data centres with large amounts of data computing and storage.
Addressing the need for business development. In addressing the evaporation of high-heat density data centres, there are no advantages to the traditional air-conditioning systems of the data centres, and the energy consumption is lower. With the extension and development of the leachate cold data centres, the market space for special fluorinated coolers will be opened and developed into mature production.
At present, according to company announcements, Giant Holdings has successfully developed a large core cooling fluid dedicated to high-performance data centre equipment, filling the gap in domestic high-performance data centres dedicated to cooling fluids, the main performance indicator being equivalent to foreign monopolistic products. The company's impregnated cooling fluids project plans 5,000 tons/year, one of which is a phase.
The 1,000-ton/year project is under construction, and the second 4,000-ton capacity has yet to be built. We look forward to the future, where companies will continue to expand the production of high-value-added fluorinated products such as fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, fluorine cooling fluids, etc., and achieve high-quality development.
Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts and buy-in ratings. Companies, as the champions of fluorinated industries, are well-developed, cost-effective and financially sound. The prices and price differentials for the first three generations of refrigerant products are now at the bottom of the spectrum, while quota management is about to be at the legislative level.
As supply-side structural reforms deepen and the competitive patterns of the industry converge, we see three generations of refrigerants on the verge of turning back. Companies continue to expand in reverse, and we see that, after 2022, companies are expected to have more than 30% of the market share in the three generations of refrigerant and will lead the cycle as industry leaders.
In the case of the fluorine chemical and fluorinated materials industry, as the standard of living of our people improves and strategic and emerging industries develop rapidly, the demand for fluorinated products continues to grow steadily with their unique properties, applications and market space. In terms of the company’s own endogenous benefits, the company is increasing the sophistication of its CFCs.
Industrial materials development, high-end extension of industrial chains, increased synergies in multi-chemical industries, continued optimization of industrial structures, and increased core competitiveness and competitive position. At this point, we see the timing of the configuration of the F-gas pipeline.
Consistent with our earlier expectations, we maintain a corporate profit forecast, with companies expected to return their net profits in 2022-2024. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality through reasonable judgement and conclusion, without any third party's approval or influence; authors have not studied it in the past, now or in the future.