Yangjiang Power (6009000): The value of the red "green trees" has been raised by China's largest hydroelectric company.
We're analysing the high-valued and sustainable share of Yangtze power, Utunde and the White Crane Beach crew, and the next three to six months of major events: stable power generation, stable electricity prices, stable cost, stable cash flow guaranteed high levels.
Debt relief and cross-stocking: The amount of money is stable. There are three main reasons why the company’s electricity generation is stable: the company’s hydroelectric power plant can be prioritized and connected, and the number of hours used by the crew is guaranteed; the company’s super-high-voltage facility is complete and secure.
There are three main reasons why the company’s electricity prices are stable: the company has a good reservoir, a good fit for water, a well-designed crew, and a good three-year debt for the water head, 2018-07-26. The company’s electricity prices are stable for three reasons: the company has signed a contract with the grid company for the sale of electricity.
The power supply and pricing mechanisms are stable in the company ' s power delivery regions, stable electricity prices: electricity and water prices are low, and future marketization of electricity will have limited negative effects on the company ' s electricity prices. Corporate costs are stable, and pre-company costs are mainly depreciated (45%), fiscal fees (25%), financial costs (21%), taxes
The cash flow is about 117 per cent of operating income and the cash flow is sufficient to guarantee a high share of the proceeds.
The acquisition of Utund and White Crane Beach units is expected to increase the value of the company. The assembly capacity of the two machines is large, and we expect the company to grow 50% of its annual electricity generation. The pre-tax profits of the company after the acquisition of the two units are calculated to be 0.1211/kwh.
When the price of electricity is calculated by using the inverted price method (which is 0.1218/kwh, which is 1.34% lower than the current inverted in electricity). In the case of the inverted price of electricity, we expect the company's profit forecast and investment rating on pretax profits: we think that the price of the new unit is the most likely to run the market price.
For the first time, the company was given a “recommended” rating.
“Four-Step” drives high-value dividends to stabilize, a company that is currently a relatively rare part of the stock market, with a bonus policy of at least 0.65 by 2021. We believe that the main reason for the company’s continued high-value share is the company’s active hydroelectric unit’s steady power generation and the price of electricity.
The factor of 1.13 assures a stable amount of electricity generated by the company, compared to the electricity generated by the fire, and other small hydropower companies, whose fleets use small fluctuations in hours and have a level of stability comparable to that of the nuclear power plant.
This is due mainly to the policy protection of large hydropower power generation with priority power generation rights, the determination of the super-high-pressure combinations and the ability of the fleet to adapt to water variability and smooth the impact of water fluctuations on electricity generation. 1.1.1 Large hydropower stations have priority power generation rights for stable hours
The policy provides that the company's hydroelectric unit has a higher priority for access to the Internet than for other types of generators, using the number of hours used and the amount of electricity sold is guaranteed. As required by the Energy Efficient Electricity Control Scheme, the large hydroelectric unit is ranked first in the grid sequence, and the company's hydroelectric unit is all part of a large basin regulated water station, with priority for access to the Internet, which ensures that the unit is used in the normal operation of the grid; and that, according to the Chinese People's Republic of China, it is used in the company's fleet.
The National Renewable Energy Act provides for the full acquisition by grid companies of the amount of electricity generated online by renewable energy units connected to the grid within the coverage, which ensures the full acquisition of electricity generated by the company ' s hydroelectric units; and the organization of electricity generation plans for large-scale hydropowers within the national plan, as required by the National Development Reform Commission ' s Circular on the Regulation of Preferential Power Acquisition Programmes, according to the actual or multi-year average levels of the previous year,
This ensures that the company’s hydroelectric unit is generating electricity for a long period of time. Thus, the company’s large hydroelectric unit is guaranteed to generate electricity, which is largely unaffected by the demand for electricity, is not involved in the grid tipping, and the amount of electricity generated is mainly affected by the reservoir’s water supply, which is very homogeneous.
Unlike hydropower, fire power access has a lower priority, most of the units are involved in the acupuncture, and there are more fluctuations in the number of hours they use. Because of the final access priority, power generation is most affected by demand for electricity (economic development), and other types of plant capacity (competitive).
The number of hours is highly volatile, and there is a downward trend, with electricity generating levels less stable than hydropower. East’s financial booming power generation is more stable than hydropower, but with limited capacity. Nuclear power access is not as high as hydropower, but higher than thermal power, using hours.
In recent years, it has stabilized at higher levels, and in a few cases there has been a lack of electricity availability and condensed power generation (e.g., in 2019, in Hainan Changjiang), but the overall level of electricity generation has been stable and comparable to that of hydropower.
• Unregulating renewable energy generators (wind/solar/marine/hydro) • Regulated renewable energy generators (hydro/biomass/geothermal, etc.), waste generators meeting environmental requirements
● Coal-fired thermal power cogeneration units operated by nuclear power generation units with “heat-set power”, using a combination of generator-based natural gas and gas-gas generation units for residual heat, residual gas, residual pressure, coal squid, medium-cleaning coal, coal-bed gas, etc.
Other coal-fired generators, including unheatloaded combined heat and power generation fuel generator units
The company’s hydroelectric power stations are connected directly to the super-high-voltage system and are delivered to specific provinces. The three gorges of Yangtze power supply, the Goji dam, the dam, and the four power stations of River Rhodes are connected directly to the super-voltage system.
Table 1: The state of the company's power station outlet, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Yangtze Power (6009000): Re-upgrading the value of the red “altern tree” 1.1.3 units with a high water capacity to smooth water from reservoirs to generate electricity. Hydropower stations use hydro-power to generate electricity, and water from upstream sources has a direct impact on hydroelectric power generation. Figure 4 shows that the generation of electricity from the three gorges is in and out.
Water and flow fluctuations are the most important factors influencing the generation of electricity. Four large hydropower stations have a high capacity to regulate their reservoirs and are located in the same basin, where they can use co-mobilization to smooth water, and four power stations are well designed and adapted to the capacity of the water. After five years of experience with power generation and combined river basin movement, companies have a high level of operation to adequately deal with upstream water instability and increase their water use.
There has been a steady increase in the volatility of electricity generation up to 2014; there has also been a steady increase in the volume of power generated from the streams and dams since 2016. Figure 5: Rivers, changes in the amount of electricity generated from the dams, large reservoirs, and high regulatory capacity to ensure the generation of water.
Once the period has passed, the water turbine generator fleets will be slowly drained, fully increasing the efficiency of water use and reducing the amount of water discarded, thereby smoothing the amount of electricity generated in both the rich and the dying years. The escalator co-mobilization is coordinated to smooth the fluctuations in power generation.
The most typical example of this is when the Goi dam power station comes in short of expected water, where the three gorge power station can use its super-larger coffers and crews to replenish the water head of the downstream Goi dam unit and achieve full flow of the Goi dam. The current company uses water forecasts to optimize the flow of water in real time, increasing electricity by nearly 10 billion kilowatts per year. This measure has effectively boosted the power generation capacity of the plant, even in the years when the water came to dry.
This advantage is expected to be further highlighted in the future, with annual water savings expected to reach 30 billion kilowatt-hours after delivery in 2020 and 2021; in the long run, companies could further increase their power generation by about 42 billion kilowatt-hours if they implemented joint optimization schemes.
Figure 6: Corporate water savings and power generation (millions of kWh) since 2010 are well designed, and the crew is well adapted to the water head. Using the tri-gorges as an example, we discuss the ability of the fleet to adapt to the water head, similar to the rest of the fleet.
This is an important reason why the three gorge power station has been operating steadily for most years since it became fully operational in 2010. In 2011, for example, the upper half of the Yangtze River experienced a major drought that led to a decline in power generation in the three gorges, but this was a small-probability event and a low probability.
Figure 7: Probability of the appearance of water at the three gorges ' hydroelectric stations, Figure 8: The capacity of the three gorges to generate electricity at various waterhead levels, apart from theoretical explanations, data on the amount of electricity generated by the company ' s hydroelectric power level is also characteristic of the stability of the company ' s electricity generation.
Since 2010, four power stations have been generating less than the same annual rate of change for water from the three gorges, in particular the Gueco dam, which is located at the end of the ladder, and which has remained largely unchanged through the rational movement of the three gorge power stations.
One, two, three factors guarantee a stable price for the sale of electricity, a source of financial prosperity in the East, electricity in the Yangtze River (600,900): a further increase in the value of the red green tree.
Three factors underpin the low volatility in the price of electricity sold by companies. First, companies enter into contracts with the grid for the sale of electricity, pre-arranged electricity quantity and prices, marketed parts, and also pre-arranged electricity quantity and price formation mechanisms, which allow companies to maintain longer-term prices of electricity, stable prices and less subject to short-term fluctuations in the electricity market; second, companies sell electricity to relatively fixed areas, with little volatility in the use of electricity, and Internet prices.
Higher and largely unchanged; third, the company ' s hydroelectric unit is more involved in annual inter-agency transactions in the electricity market, with more stable electricity prices and, owing to the low cost of large-scale hydroelectric power generation and the relatively low price of electricity compared to other power sources in the dissipation area, the likelihood of significant future price reductions is low. 1.2.1 Annual purchase contracts for electricity to avoid short-term price fluctuations
In 2018, the company signed six annual contracts for the purchase and sale of electricity, in which it agreed to set up a mechanism for the generation of electricity and prices in order to effectively avoid the effects of short-term market price fluctuations. Each year, the company has signed a one-year contract for the purchase and sale of electricity with the grid, which specifies the mechanisms for the generation of electricity, the price of electricity and the price of electricity. In 2018, the company signed six annual contracts for the purchase and sale of electricity, in which it agreed on a specific price for access to the electricity base of each power plant.
This year’s initial participation in the commercialization of electricity in Hubei Province, where the volume of electricity marketed should be part of the excess power supply from the base, which is not expected to be high; The marketization of only 30 per cent of electricity to the dam and the river, according to which the sales of the fixed contract price account for nearly 90 per cent of the company’s electricity, has kept the company’s revenue from electricity generation stable.
Table 2: Status of signing of contract for the purchase and sale of electricity in the Yangtze River in 2018
The cost-added method is the inverted electricity price according to the overall investment in the project and the determined rate of return. The price of electricity, once determined, will not change unless the price is adjusted by the National Development and Revision Commission's Prices Division, and will generally be raised for reasons such as inflation.
Prices have also been very stable, mainly due to company power stations ' access to established ultra-high voltage outlet corridors, which have been largely determined in the province of disinfection, annual electricity generation is also distributed to the corresponding province at a fixed rate, as shown in table 3, the economic structure of a province is largely determined, the consumption structure of electricity is largely unchanged, the mode of supply of electricity is largely unchanged and the supply and demand of electricity is largely unchanged, so that the average price of electricity remains essentially constant and the inverted power station is connected to the Internet.
Electricity prices are essentially constant, and, as is the case with cost-adding, price fixing and adjustment are usually subject to approval by the National Development and Change Commission’s Prices Division. In the company’s current power station, the Goji dam uses a cost-adding method to determine electricity prices, the three gorges, the reverse pricing of electricity to dams and streams, and the market-adding method to determine electricity prices, but the marketization ratio is relatively low, at about 10%, with relatively little impact.
1.2.3 Marketization creates more stable electricity prices, as large hydropowers are more involved in annual power market transactions, electricity prices are stable and large hydropower plants have an advantage in electricity prices.
Companies’ negative impact is relatively limited. Companies are more involved in the annual association deals in the electricity market, mainly because of the company’s large fleet capacity, high power availability, and higher basic loads. Markets that are traded in the annual association are more fixed and electricity prices are relatively stable. In the case of Zhejiang, the price of the annual association is 0.385/kwh for 2017, 2018, and 2019. In addition, even if they are not involved in the annual association’s market transactions, the price is 0.385/kwh.
In the provinces where companies also enjoy relatively generous price formation provisions, for example in Guangdong, where stations are required to enter into marketized trade prices at their respective base electricity levels minus a price differential, and where companies have made concessions in terms of electricity prices, consultations have taken place to determine the company's transactions. The prices of electricity are based on the weighted average price difference at the end of the month in the Guangdong market, and after annual weighted average smoothing, the company's price of electricity sold is largely not due to the price of electricity.
The price of electricity is more favourable than participating in the annual COAG trade, where electricity prices are stable. The cost of electricity is lower than in the mainstream, because electricity is not needed for additional inputs, such as fuel. Currently, electricity is sold at only 0.2-0.3 yuan/kwh per degree in the three gorges, the Goji dam, and at about 0.3 yuan/kwh per degree in the dams and streams, plus ultra-high transmission and distribution prices and wire losses.
Landfall electricity prices in each province ranged from 0.3-0.4 yuan/kwh, below the price of a fire pole in the region of 0.35-0.45 yuan/kwh.
Yangtze Power (6009000): Red "Long Tree" value revalued. Table 5: Yangtze electricity prices for Internet access in 2018 are stable at 1.3.
Corporate costs are stable and manageable, with company costs consisting mainly of depreciation (45 per cent), fiscal fees (25 per cent), financial costs (21 per cent), taxes and surcharges (5 per cent), management costs (3 per cent) and impairment losses of assets (1 per cent), where depreciation, fiscal fees and financial costs are larger and have a greater impact on net profits but are generally stable.
The company’s depreciation is stable, increasing with the project’s production, and has a longer period of depreciation. The company’s depreciation consists mainly of blockage buildings, mechanical equipment and housing buildings, all of which are accounted for in straight-line depreciation and remain constant.
The depreciation period for mechanical equipment is 18 years, but the depreciation period is the same, and the maturity period requires replacement and does not increase the company’s profits. The depreciation period for buildings is 50 years, the duration of the working building is about 10-20 years longer than the depreciation period, and the depreciation is raised to increase the company’s profits.
Figure 9: The business costs of operating revenue from the Yangtze electric power for the years
Table 6: Assets and depreciation of power stations in the Yangtze Power Company. The company’s financial fees are stable and increased as revenues increase.
In the North Province of Hubei, where the company is located, water costs amount to $0.01 per kilowatt hour, the Water Fund collects a percentage of sales revenue* + a quota per unit per employee X unit, which can be seen as the cost of electricity has to be covered by the fiscal fee, which increases with the amount of electricity generated.
Corporate finance costs are low, and there is scope for a decline in the recent period. The company is the listed platform of the tri-gorge group head office, with a debt rating of aaaa, with interest rates of around 5%, and a lower cost of financing.
The company’s profit rate has also been very stable against a background of steady power generation, stable electricity prices, and stable costs, with the Māori rate having remained stable at around 61%, with net interest rates stable at around 45%, effectively supporting continued high dividends. In addition to stable profits, the company must have sufficient cash to pay the dividends, and the current cash flow is sufficient to pay the annual dividends.
The annual cash received by a company for the sale of goods and services is 117 per cent, 116 per cent and 117 per cent of operating income, and the company and the electricity grid are settled on a monthly basis and are accounted for at the end of the year.
Utund and White Crane Beach hydroelectric plants are expected to become operational in 2020 and 2021, which will further enhance corporate value when injected into the company. Utund aircraft have a 10.2gw installed capacity of 38.9 billion kwh per year, a 16gw assembly capacity of the White Crane Beach machine, 62.4 billion kwh per year, both of which are a source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
The annual production of electricity from the group postnatal company will increase by 50 per cent; after the two units are injected into the company, they are now equal to the current electricity yield of 0.1211/kwh (inverted prices) and we measure the Internet prices of the Utund and White Crane Bay units based on the existing power pricing mechanism, analysing the depreciation levels of the companies after the two units are injected and the prices of the 2.1 new units online are comparable to the prices of the Internet on the transport unit.
Using the two methods currently used to determine the price of electricity and electricity, the inverted price method and the marketized trading method used to calculate the price of electricity on the grid of the Utonde and White Crane Beach power stations, the price of electricity obtained by the inverted method was slightly higher than the price of electricity derived by the marketed trading method. Using meta/kwh, 0.22441/kwh, 0.246/kwh/kwh, the average price of electricity sold by the company after the injection of the two units was 0.24558/kwh, compared to the figure.
The average price of electricity sold by the former company was 0.2381/kwh higher by 3.23 per cent. Using marketized trading methods, the average price of electricity for Utungde, White Crane Beach aircraft in Guangdong, Guangxi, Jiangsu and Zhejiang was 0.2353/kwh, 0.2094/kwh, 0.2263/kwh, 0.2263/kwh, and the average price of electricity sold by the company after the two units were injected was 0.2347/kwh, 1.43 per cent lower than the current average price of electricity sold by the company at 0.2381/kwh.
2.1.1 The inverted price method calculates the feeder price of Udong, White Crane Beach units from the average electricity cost in the landing provinces, minus the loss of transmission and distribution lines, the price of transmission and distribution in Land, plus the loss of ultra-high-pressure wires and ultra-high-voltage transmissions, and finally minus the power station connection from the loss of transmission and distribution lines in the power generation and the cost of distribution in the power generation.
The electricity from the Utungde power station is sent directly to the Guangdong and Guangxi regions through the Kunjolong ~800kvt high voltage, the power from the White Crane Beach station is sent directly to Jiangsu and Zhejiang through the two ~800kvt high voltage from the White Crane Beach to the Guangxi; due to the final dissipation programme, we assume that half of the Utund unit can be consumed in Guangdong and half in Guangxi;
In the calculation of the average cost of electricity in the province, I found the price of electricity sold in the province of Lunji, the price of electricity sold in non-industrial and general industries, the price of electricity sold in commercial use, the price of electricity sold in agricultural production and the cost of electricity sold in residential use, and the price of electricity sold in the first, second and third industries in the respective areas as a proportion of the total electricity used in the same area.
The average cost of electricity per province is calculated, and then the cost of electricity per province is subtracted from the cost of transmission and distribution lines in the province of Land, and the cost of transmission and distribution in the province of Land is reduced to the price of electricity in the province of Land. The cost of transmission and distribution in the province of Land is divided into electricity for large industries and electricity for businesses in general, and we weighted the cost of transmission and distribution by using a ratio of electricity for large industries and electricity consumption for businesses in general to arrive at the cost of distribution and distribution in the province of Land.
(a) The electricity price. After reaching the electricity price in the LZ, the pre-high voltage price was deducted from the high voltage line loss and the high voltage transmission and distribution price;
The relevant parameters of the process estimate the line losses and distribution prices for the above three ultra-high voltage projects. When we get the pre-voltage prices, we end up reducing them, sending out the provincial distribution prices, getting the Internet prices. Because Utund and White Crane Beach power stations are directly connected to the super-voltage when the power is delivered, the local line losses are small, and we don't calculate the local line losses.
Currently, the state is trying to reduce the cost of using energy without paying 0.5/kwh for Internet access, and in the context of reducing the cost of using energy, we assume that Utungde will have the same price of 0.32631/kwh for Internet access in Guangdong, as in the case of the brookular power station.
Long River Power (6009000): Red "Plate Tree" values are raised by 2.1.2 Power Marketation for Udongde and White Crane Beach units.
The electricity marketation method assumes that the price of the two units of the grid is similar to that of the inverted system. Marketized electricity costs are those of ultra-high voltage reaching the landing province, and we just need to deduct the price of ultra-high line losses, super-high-voltage transmission and electricity distribution. The country is now actively recommending electricity marketization, and has repeatedly suggested that the market should be used to determine the price level of electricity, provided that hydropower consumption is guaranteed. The company is already involved in electricity in Shanghai, Zhejiang, Guangdong, and Shanghai.
In the context of the country’s vigorous efforts to market electricity, the Udong Crane Beach fleet is well placed to participate in some or all of the electricity market transactions, allowing the market to determine the price of electricity on the Internet. The electricity market transactions are divided into five types: annual long-term, annual contract, monthly electricity, power trading, power-power trading, south-west surplus hydroelectric trading, and only Sichuan and Guangxi.
There is a Southwest surplus hydroelectric trade. With Utunde and the White Crane Beach crew in large basins, power generation is stable and should be involved in the annual COA electricity trade. The company is currently involved in the annual COA electricity trade in Shanghai and Zhejiang, and in Guangdong it is based on monthly funding.
Trade-weighted differentials determine the amount of electricity traded marketed and not directly involved in market transactions. The participants in the annual ACI electricity trade are large power stations and large power companies in and out of the province, with a more stable supply and demand and a more stable price for electricity.
The cost of depreciating electricity will fall slightly after Utund and White Crane Beach units are injected into the company. The fleet of the three gorges is injected into the company's book price of billions: 84.6 billion dollars in static investment and 88.830 billion dollars in the company's book value. As some of the assets of the dam and the river ferry crew are not re-established, and the Goji dam assets have been built long enough, we calculate the depreciation of the two new units by reference to the three gorges' unit.
The fixed assets of the electrical unit are divided into water-blocking buildings, machinery and houses. The blockage buildings account for 46% of the book value of the project, depreciation is applied straight-line, accounting for 45 years; machinery accounts for 31% of the book value of the project, depreciation is applied straight-line, accounting for 18 years: the house accounts for 24% of the book value, depreciation is applied straight-line, accounting for 50 years.
(b) Utondh/kwh; Utund unit fleet depreciation of $0.06480/kwh, slightly higher than the existing fleet; and White crane bank unit fleet depreciation of $0.04497, slightly lower than the existing fleet, and Utund and crane bank unit fleet depreciation of $ 0.5259/kwh, weighted by annual power generation, lower than the current level of electricity Depreciation, which would result in a slight decrease in the company ' s depreciation of electricity when the two new units are injected into the company.
2.3 Owing to the low leverage rate of the company, the interest rate on loans should be lower than the historical interest rate of the company, which would reduce the financial cost of electricity on loans or bonds.
Let's assume that Utonde's unit was put into production the following year, 2020, and that Guangdong and Guangxi electricity prices were determined in reverse by using the reverse method, i.e., the price of Guangdong's access to the Internet was 0.3263/kwh, and the price of Guangxi's access to the Internet was 0.2899/kwh to measure the future financial costs of the company. The net operating cash flow of the company is currently around $37 billion-39 billion before Udong's fleet was injected, and short-term financing instruments were generally issued to split the equity share and the company's asset-liability ratio.
At about 50%. Utunde's fleet is at about 79.8 billion, with a financing gap of about 40 billion, loan interest rates or bond fares, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Yangjie electricity (600,900): the value of the red "supreme trees" is raised.
One billion kwh calculates that the financial cost of electrical power in Utungde is $0.0253/kwh, which is lower than the current financial cost of electrical power in the transport unit $0.0273/kwh, which has reduced the financial cost of electricity consumption to $0.0269/kwh for the company as a whole. We assume that the White Crane Beach crew was in production the following year, in 2021, and that Jiangsu and Zhejiang electricity prices were determined by inverted method, i.e., Jiangsu's on-line electricity prices.
0.224.1/kwh, Zhejiang Internet access cost 0.2429/kwh to measure the future financial costs of the company. After the Utungde unit was injected into the company, the net operating cash flow of the division was about 65.5 billion to 67 billion, with short-term financing instruments generally issued for dividends to shareholders, and the company’s assets and liabilities were about 54%.
62088.8 billion kwh calculates that the financial cost of the white crane bank unit is $0.0253/kwh, which is the same as the financial cost of the Utund machine unit, and is lower than the other costs of $0.0273/kwh for the transport unit, which, when injected into the company, has reduced the financial cost of the company as a whole to $0.0267/kwh.
2.4 Utunde, White Crane Beach Machines have the same electrical profits as those generated by the transport fleet, using the inverted and marketed rates, respectively, to calculate the electrical profits of Utundes and White Crane Beach Units following their injection into the company, which is 1.34 per cent lower than at present.
The reverse price of electricity is calculated for Udong and White Crane Beach units for profit and educability: the annual volume of electricity sold in the unit is calculated using 2018, and the volume of electricity sold in the unit is calculated using 99.5 per cent of the quantity of electricity generated by the design (net of 0.5 per cent of the power generated by the plant).
East 0.32631/kwh, Guangxi 0.28999/kwh, assuming 50% power is delivered to Guangdong and 50% electricity to Guangxi. In the calculation, electricity prices are calculated in reverse, i.e., Jiangsu 0.22441/kwh, Zhejiang 0.2429/kwh, assuming 50% of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
In 2018, the company multiplied the unit’s electricity-related costs by the corresponding unit’s sales volume. Business income is reduced by depreciation, taxes and surcharges, sales costs, overheads, and research and development costs to generate pre-tax profits.
The fleet uses 2018 financial costs; we assume that assets will be injected at the beginning of the year, and Udong and White Crane Beach units will be injected at the end of the year. The company’s financial costs at the end of the year are reduced by the previous year’s financial costs, resulting in pre-tax profits.
Yuan/kwh, Zhejiang 0.2429/kwh, the rest of the calculation methods and assumptions and inverted price estimates for Utungde, the White Crane Beach crew for profit and power gain, the source of Eastern wealth and prosperity, and the depth of the East Hing securities report.
Yangjiang Power (6009000): The value of the red “green tree” is raised again, and we think that the free cash flow model (dcf) and the dividend discount model (ddm) should be used to calculate the fair market value of the Yangjiang electric power, which we think is mainly due to four points. First, the average depreciation period of the company's power station is 27 years, according to the company's current depreciation policy, but the dam, plant, and plant.
The actual useful life of the asset, which exceeds 100 years, remains in good condition after the depreciation has been completed, the financial depreciation period and the difference in the useful life have been very large, resulting in excessive depreciation being included in the company’s cost during the depreciation period, the profitability of which has not been adequately reflected in the eps. Second, the company’s cash flow has been stable for a long time, hydropower is the backbone of economic development, and power generation rights have been protected by policies and economic cycle fluctuations.
Once again, the company’s future is clear and predictable, and the tri-gorge group and the company have made a clear commitment to inject the company into the market after the completion of the Utunde and White Crane Beach fleets, and the growth in the company’s installed capacity is clearly expected. Finally, the company’s profit-rich share is high, with many long-standing public accounts, the present value of the company’s future dividends represents the company’s value.
In calculating their fair market value, assuming that the company does not transfer additional shares, the company calculates its fair market value using the company ' s free cash flow model (dcf), and since there are two mechanisms for generating electricity to influence the prices of future companies online, we continue to calculate the company ' s share at the reverse price and the market price, respectively.
The market value of the company, in which the price of electricity is reversed, is 49,754 million dollars, $22.62 per share, and the company’s market value is a rapid growth in installed capacity, and the company’s financial position has changed relatively significantly, requiring detailed calculations of the company’s free cash flow. In phase II, the company gradually took over the upper and upper Qing Sha Rivers and Yangtze Rivers in 2024-2031.
In phase III, starting from 2032, the joint movement of water resources became fully operational and the company entered a stable operating phase, with phase I choosing 2019-2023. The Utund team is expected to inject into the company in 2021 and the White Crane Beach unit in 2022.
2. The second phase is about eight years. The joint movement of water resources will begin in 2024, and we expect to achieve a combination of 1-2 units per year, and the combined movement of the entire fleet will take eight years.
After Utund, the White Crane Beach crew injected into the company, the company generates 13.5% of its annual electricity, which is equivalent to a constant growth rate of 0% for the next eight years after 2022. Once the water co-movement has been completed, it is hard to see additional growth in the company.
The 300-degree index consists mainly of large tap stocks, representing both the overall trend and the removal of small shares from volatility due to investor sentiment or other factors. 6.rm selects 8 per cent. The annual return on the capital of a hydroelectric unit is 6-8 per cent, and that of a large hydroelectric unit is generally 8 per cent.
7.k_e=r_fbeta(r_m-r_f)=6.48\%8.kd=debt cost = average debt interest rate (1-tax rate) = short-term borrowing + long-term borrowing + long-term borrowing + long-term debt payable + long-term bond payable rate)/(long-term borrowing + long-term debt payable) = (1-income tax rate)
9.wacc=[(k_e\timesv_e)+(k_d\timesv_d)]/(v_e+v_d)] Table 14: Use of the company ' s free cash flow model to calculate the company ' s reasonable market value at the reverse price of the electric power market
Power in Yangtze (6009000): Red "Long Tree" values are raised by 3.2 using the ddm to calculate the company's fair market value.
For most investors who do not have corporate control, the future dividend discount represents the present value of the stock, so the current valuation of each share presented by the discount model is more meaningful. Like the company ' s free cash flow model, we calculate the company ' s estimate in two different electricity scenarios, of which the company ' s fair market value is $47,364 million if the price is reversed, $21.53 per share if the market price is the company ' s fair market value.
As already discussed, we will not dwell on it here, but only give the corresponding results. Table 16: Calculate the company ' s reasonable market value using the discounted dividend model at the reverse price of the electric power market. Table 17: Calculate the company ' s reasonable market value using the discounted dividend model using the electricity market to form the electricity market
In the case of Eastern financial and intellectual sources, where we believe that the company’s electricity prices are most likely to enforce the market price, we expect that the company’s net profits for 2019-2021 will be three main aspects of the company’s risk, respectively. The first is the price of electricity, which will gradually be marketed as the electricity market reform progresses.
It was decided that there was a risk of fluctuations in the price of electricity; Utund and White Crane Beach units had not been completed and there was uncertainty in the price of electricity. Second, the construction of Utund and White Crane Beach units was not as advanced as it was expected, and it was expected that the latter two units would not be built as long as the company was expected to inject: the corresponding hyperpressure works would not advance as soon as they were expected and could change the uncertainty of the company's new plant to absorb electricity, and increase the price of Utund and White Crane Beach units to the Internet. Third, water.
Not as much as it is expected, although the company owns large basins of regulated hydropower plants, the upper and upper basins of the Qingsha River and Yangtze River are likely to experience a 100-year or 50-year drought beyond the scope of large reservoir regulation.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Yangjie Power (6009000): The red green tree is worth a lot more, and the East is a source of wealth and wisdom.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the depth of East Hing securities, the Yangtze Power (6009000): the value of the red "green trees" has been raised.
Master of Science at Cornell University, undergraduates at New York University, who worked in China to build the China East Electric Design Institute, five years of experience in infrastructure development, and participated in research ideas, including that of the analyst himself. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.