1h24profitalertpointsolid2qresources buy (Maintain)
1h24profitalert 1hrevenueisexpewedtobetheotherige ofrm11.4-13.1bn, representing 35.4% to 55.9% yoygroveth, reciprocal.net
That 2q24revenue (mid-point) couldbermb 6.4bn (40.8% Yoyand 9.5% q in Chinamicorators growth), 5% belowconsensusestimate 2q24netprofit(mid-point)expectedtobe
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
1h24revenuein-linewithseasonality:1h24revenue/np (mid-point) stockdata
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We've got 70% relativity to sesimiconducator manufacturingtools.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm going to do, but I'm not going to do it.
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something, we're going to be in the middle of something, we're going to be in the middle of something, we're going to be in the middle of something, we're going to be in the middle of something, we're going to be in the middle of something, we're going to be in the middle of something, we're going to be in the middle of something, we're going to be in the middle of something, we're going to be in the middle of something, we're going to be in the middle of something, we're going to be in the middle of something, we're going to be in the middle of something, we're going to be in the middle of something, we're going to be in the middle of something, we're going to be in the middle of something, we're going to be in the middle of something, we're going, we're going to be in the middle of something.
12-mthpriceperformance localationtheme.risks (1) intensifiercompetoversidesanddomestic (rm)
002371chszcomp(rebased) peters, and 2) escalatinggeopolictensions. earlyningssummary
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Theresalarchanalywhoisprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchresearchreport, inwholeorinpart, certifiesthathwatect to the secritiesorissuer that theanalystcoveredhisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressaccuratelyreflefectorherpersonsalviewsaboutthesubjectsecuritiesorissesuesuell; and (2) nopartofofhisorpensationwas,is,orwillbe,directlydirecteddirectly,relatedtothespecificviewsexpressedatatatanalystits.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirstrets/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecuritiesandfutures committee) (1) havedealtinortraddinthestock(s)coveredhisresearchof30calendardayspriortotetetoteofissueofissueissueissuesreport; (2) will dealinortradehestock(s)coveredhisresearchreport3businessdayofofofofofhongreport; (3) serveasanofficeroofofofofhong
konglistedcompaniescoveredinthisreport;and(4)haveanyfinalinterestsinthehongkonglistedcompaniedinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycmbigm outperform mark-perform
"underperform cm internationalglobalmalketslimited cm internationalglobalmalmätslimited" ("cmbigm") iawholnyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Thevalueof, andreturnsfrom, nyinvesssale uncenterandantegueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultooftheirdepandenceonthe performanceofforceofforceofforceofforceofunderingassessoleverablemarketactors. andbigmcommendsthataverssssouldentlyvalulatepartualintureinvestments.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The publicsreflection, point-of-viewanalytical methodswhencompiliation.
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something like this, but we're going to be in the middle of something like this.
I don't know, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about, either.
Thealysisnotsubject toapplicableresductionsunderfundinrules indicatedtoentaintyattheanalystisnotaffetedbypotentiaconfactorsointerestthatcourdbackofothereliabilityofothersreport.thisreportis infedfordedforstoritionsstately "majorusitutionalinvestors", asdefininedinrule15a-6undertheus, secritiesexchhangeactof
1934, asamended, andmaynotbefursenttoanyotherpersons.eachmajorusinstitutionalinvestor atreceivescopofthisreport byitsacceptancehereopofofthisentancesandandadethatshathatshaltnotdridiorprovidethisporttoanyotherpersons.anyu.s.reccipitofthisreportwishishingto effectanytransactiontobuyorselsetsbesontheinformationprovidectordosordozonlythroughau.s.regiedsterbroker-dealer.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like I don't know what you're talking about, but it's not like I'm talking about it, but I'm talking about it.
I don't know, singarecipients should contact & bisgat+65635004400formattersarisingfrom, orinconventionwithotherport.