In the first half of 2024, there was a year-on-year increase in performance, with etching and membrane sedimentation.
North China has launched the 2024 semi-annual performance forecast: from 1 January 2024 to yousw@cfsc.com.cn field occupancy continues to rise, costs are effectively controlled and revenue is expected to be realized
64.51%. The main reason is: 1) At the research and development end, the company continuously refines its customer needs, enriches its product matrix and continuously upgrades its core competitiveness.
Process coverage and market occupancy have continued to increase steadily, with a steady increase in revenues from the same period; 2) at the end of the harvest, as the size of the company continues to expand, the scale effect has gradually become apparent, the level of operation of the smart manufacturing support has increased effectively and the cost rate has stabilized.
The net profits attributable to the shareholders of listed companies have increased steadily over the same period. The corrosion equipment is new, and the competitive advantage is evident.
Inches of silicon, metal, medium etching, full coverage, resulting in more complete etchings, Nord-Sahara (002371: 2023 Solution, key breakthrough in media etching equipment, release of satisfaction
A full series of plasma deglution products, application depth ratio, 2024-05-23.
Deep silicon etching machine singles are sold in hundreds, with a series of cumulative etching products growing at a faster rate, with greater profitability. By the end of 2023, the company's icp etching equipment had accumulated.
Over 3,200 cavity, ccp etching equipment has accumulated over 100 cavity, tsv etching equipment has been widely used in the mainstream fab and advanced encapsulation plants in the country, and is the home base of the country ' s tsv mass production line, leading the city. The company has now formed a corrosion.
The process is fully covered with a variety of materials such as silicon, deep silicon, metals, media, semiconductors of compounds (sic, ggan, gaas, inp, linbo3, litao3, etc.) billion yuan, which is all the more important in the corporate business ratio.
Multi-area production applications for membrane sediment equipment, pvd technology pioneers The membrane sediment equipment accounts for approximately 21% of the total capital cost of integrated circuit equipment and is a key link in the semiconductor manufacturing process.
Advancers in process equipment technology, in the area of integrated circuit copper (cu) interconnectivity, aluminium mats (alpad), metal mask (metalhard mask), metal fence (metalgate), silicide as of the end of 2023
Art equipment is stable at the client end, becomes baseline equipment for multiple clients, and is widely applied to mainstream production lines such as logic, storage, while also successfully achieving power semiconductor, three-dimensional integration and advanced encapsulation, new displays, semiconductors of compounds, etc.
By the end of 2023, the company had launched more than 40 pvd devices, which accumulated more than 3,500 cavities.
The company has achieved over 30 cvd product volume applications, providing technical support to more than 50 clients, and accumulated over 1,000 cavities.
On the whole, in 2023, the company's film deposition, which generated more than $6 billion in equipment, was one of the key pillars of the company's business.
The Division is expected to continue to benefit by maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating. Risks, downstream demand, fall short of expectations.
Mao Jianxin: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of work experience in American semiconductor companies, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in Ko Yonghau, 2018-2020: Doctor of Physics, University of Gangdan, successively in China Tech Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate
Luzhoyang: Master of Arts at the National University of Australia, formerly in Fangzheng Seok, four years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Shukun: Bachelor of Science in International Political Economics, University of Haya padada; Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, 2023.
He Chunyu: Master's degree, August 2023, and Master's degree, April 2024, in Chinese securities, reflects his research. I did not, and I will not be pushed into this report for any reason.
The industry index shows an increase in the index of equity market representation over the same period: a share market is based on 300 indexes of depth: the new three-board market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.