The semi-annual report of 2024 announces a high growth in performance, looking at the semiconductor platform, research assistant Li Wenwei.
The process coverage of equipment such as etching, film deposition, cleaning, stove tubes, and fast-discharged fires, as well as the city’s field occupancy rate, has increased rapidly, with performance growing. As the size of the company expands, the effect of scale is gradually becoming apparent, and the net profit on the company’s return is expected to increase on a year-on-year basis.
▪ The indigenous semiconductor equipment platform company, which replaces the wave in the long-term beneficiary country. 1) Erosion: for customers such as 12 inches logic, storage, power, advanced encapsulation, full coverage of silicon, metal, medium etching. 2) membrane sedimentation equipment: breakthroughs pvd, cvd and ald
Many core technologies, including copper interconnection membrane deposition, aluminium film deposition, etc., have become an optimist platform for the mainstream chip plant in the country. 3) Stereo equipment: medium temperature oxidation/release furnaces, high temperature oxidation/remobilization low temperature alloy furnaces, low-pressure chemical gas phase deposition furnaces, batch atom depositions.
The stove has become a mass production facility for mainstream domestic clients and has been continuously ordered to repeat orders. 4) Explicit equipment: cover the sic extenuator, silicogan extenuator, 6/8 inches of silicon extenuator, etc.) with 20 excess production equipment. 5) Cleaning equipment: single scrubber covers the al/cu process.
The process, which is an optimist platform for the back-tracking of mainstream domestic manufacturers; the slot scrubbers produce quantities on multiple client accounts and are repeatedly ordered; etching equipment and membrane sedimentation equipment are semiconductor core equipment with a total value as a proportion of the total value
As high as 44%. According to gartner, the corrosion equipment, the film deposition equipment, is 22% of the value, compared to the first two parts of the semiconductor front-track equipment, and the layout semiconductor equipment, compared to the value of the link.
It's either a better business or a better place. Pan forest semiconductor (lamresearch) starts with corrosion equipment, which, through autonomous research and development and multiple M & A purchases, grows into semiconductor equipment etching machines, membrane sedimentation devices, has now been formed with corrosion equipment (46% of the city), and membrane sedimentation equipment (cvd city).
At 23%, the city of ald accounted for 12%, and at the heart of the cleaning equipment (12% of the city): The three main business sections of the 2023 tri-quarterly newspaper. The northern city has achieved silicon, metal, and scavenging equipment.
Review: Performance continues to grow at a high rate, contractual liabilities, mass etching processes are covered, and film deposition equipment becomes the main chip factory in the country. In the context of the Euro-American ban on advanced equipment plus code, look at North China for semiconductor equipment in the country.
High-value chains hold a higher share.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Given corporate orders, we maintain company 2024-East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., which, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.