The semi-annual review in 2024: the performance continues to increase, and the performance of the desktop semiconductor is high, and the performance of the semiconductor is slightly higher than that of the forecast hub, and the semiconductor equipment is impressive: in the first half of 2024, the company achieved the harvest.
27.81 billion yuan, or +54.54 per cent, of which semiconductor equipment contributed a net profit of $2.703 billion, with a continuous improvement in profitability and a significant increase in the Maori rate of semiconductor equipment: 45.50 per cent in the first half of 2024 and +3.13 pt, with electronic process equipment (semiconductor equipment plus vacuum and new energy lithium)
Māori (electric equipment) rate is 44.63 per cent, +6.26 pct (we believe that it is driven mainly by a Māori increase in semiconductor equipment), while the Māori rate for electronic components is 55.90 per cent, –14.26 pct; net sales interest rate is 22.54 per cent, +0.49 pc, of which semiconductor equipment/vacuum and new energy lithium power equipment/electronics
So, the company continues to increase its investment in new research and development for new products, amounting to $2,242 million in the first half of the year, compared with +48 per cent, successfully developing more than 12 inches of high-end equipment, such as a ccp carving machine in Damascus, and achieving stable mass production at multiple clients. The q2 single-season Māori rate is 47.4 per cent, compared to +4.03 pt, ring.
Inventory & Contract Liabilities have been growing consistently and there are plenty of orders in hand: corporate contracts up to the end of 2024q2
The net cash flow for the operation of 2024q2 is $552 million, which is negative for the same ring, with a larger increase in cash, mainly in the purchase of goods and the receipt of labour payments.  Local semiconductor platform companies, which replace the wave of long-term beneficiary production: 1) corrosion of equipment:
12 inches of logic, storage, power, state-of-the-art encapsulation to achieve full coverage of silicon, metal medium etching processes. 2) membrane sedimentation equipment: breaking through core technologies such as pvd, cvd and ald.
Over 20 products such as interconnective film deposition, aluminium film deposition, etc., become the home mainstream chip factory ' s best machines. 3) Stereotic furnaces: medium temperature oxidation/reflection furnaces, high temperature oxidation/reflection furnaces for cryogenic alloys, low pressure chemical deposition furnaces, batch atom deposition furnaces have become mass production equipment for the home mainstream customers and hold them.
Repeated orders were obtained. 4) Extension furnaces: cover the sic extenuator, silicigan extenuator, 6/8 inch multiple silicon extenuators, etc.) with over 20 items of equipment. 5) Cleaners: single scrubbers cover all the al/cu process, which is the best platform for the back-tracking of mainstream domestic manufacturers; slot scrubbers are in multiple customers.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account corporate orders, we maintain the company ' s performance for 2024-2026 at a slightly higher level than the hub of the forecast, with semiconductor equipment performing brightly.
Millions of yuan, +57 per cent, or 89 per cent; vacuum and new energy lithium power equipment generated 460 million yuan, +16 per cent, +5454 per cent, of which semiconductor equipment contributed a net profit of 2,703 million yuan, +77 per cent, and non-net profit of 2,64 billion yuan, +64.06 per cent. Performance was slightly higher than at the centre of the forecast.
2. Profitability continues to improve, with a significant increase in the Māori ratio of semiconductor equipment 45.50 per cent in the first half of 2024 and +3.13 ptt in the same year, with Māori for electronic process equipment (semiconductor equipment + real and new energy lithium power) at 44.63 per cent and +6.26 ptc (we believe that it is mostly semiconductor equipment gross)
The same year +0.49 pct, with net interest rates for semiconductor equipment/vacuum and new energy lithium power equipment/electronic parts increasing significantly, respectively, as a result of exchange losses. The company continued to increase its research and development investment in new products amounting to $2,242 billion, or 48%, in the first half of the year.
3. Inventory/contractual liabilities have continued to grow on a year-on-year basis, with an adequate number of orders at hand and a negative round-up, mainly due to cash increases in the purchase of goods and the receipt of labour payments.
4. The indigenous semiconductor equipment platform company, replacing the wave wave with the long-term beneficiary country, 1. Erosion equipment: for customers such as 12 inches logic, storage, power, advanced encapsulation, full coverage of silicon, metal medium etching process.
2) Blank Sediment Equipment: Breaking through a number of core technologies, such as pvd, cvd and ald. The 20 remaining products of copper interconnection membrane deposition, aluminium membrane deposition, etc. became an optimist table at the mainstream chip factory in the country. 3) Array furnaces: medium-temperature oxidation/refuge furnaces, high-temperature oxidation/realer low-temperature alloy furnaces, low-pressure chemical gas deposition furnaces,
Batch Atomic Sediment furnaces have become mass production equipment for mainstream domestic customers and are continuously receiving duplicate orders. 4) Extension furnaces: cover sic extenuator, silicigan extenuator, 6/8 inches of silicon extenuator, etc. 5) washing machines: single scrubbers cover all the processes of al/cu, which are excellent for the back-tracking of mainstream domestic manufacturers.
5. Profit forecasting and investment ratings The capital expenditure of the crystal mill is lower than expected and the industrialization of new products is less advanced than expected.
Three major financial forecasting tables in the North, the East Wu Securities Company, Inc., have been accredited to portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.