High growth in o2 performance, benefitting from the vanguard of pan-conductor equipment, national production substitution process, and the semi-annual review of the North China Corporation (002371), 2024.
Liu Monjing, the warmth of the beneficiary industry and the continued advancement of the national production replacement, the company's performance of 24q2 was equal to that of Chen Wei Guang.
The interest rate was 25.66%, corresponding to 1.62pt, the ring comparison +6.56pt. During the reporting period, the global semiconductor industry as a whole showed signs of recovery, the trend of industrial chain warming was largely established, increasing demand for upstream semiconductor equipment and the corresponding increase in sales as a result of the increase in corporate orders.
Focusing on the three core operating blocks of semiconductor equipment, vacuum and lithium power and precision electronic components, maintaining a national lead in the area of integrated circuit equipment, breaking through key technologies and industrializing core processes such as etching, film deposition, furnaces, cleaning, rapid de-firement, etc.
With a significant increase in process coverage and market ownership, firms are expected to achieve performance growth by maintaining R & D innovation-driven development and consolidating the competitive advantage of semiconductor core equipment. Companies insist on customer-driven demand, and continue to build up technological reserves and invest in R & D while maintaining existing technological advantages.
In the first half of 2024, corporate R & D costs amounted to 1,347 million yuan (excluding capitalized expenditure), compared to more than 8,300, more than 4,900 authorized patents and a steady concentration of patents in the country.
In the future, companies will continue to increase their investment in research and development, pay close attention to the development of cutting-edge technologies and drive business growth through research and development innovation, and promote the firm to strengthen the platform layout in the area of semiconductor equipment, with a deep benefit of alternative national production in key areas.
The company has a more comprehensive layout in the area of semiconductor equipment, covering a wide range of equipment from the previous to the latter, covering the bulk of the membrane sedimentation equipment (pvd+cvd+ald), etching machines, oxidizers, furnaces, mfc, scrubbers, etc.
Substitution of core equipment. In addition to basic semiconductor equipment, companies continue to improve their product systems and expand to advanced areas such as wrapping, compound semiconductors, silicon-guiled and led, promising success in breaking the trend of overseas monopolies to replace national production in key areas benefiting from them.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.