In the news, it was announced that it was over-expected, and that the platform had helped to grow. In the event of the launch of the semi-annual performance forecast for 2024, 2024h1 was expected to yield, the scale effects of which were highlighted, and the profitability of the focus on the main business had increased significantly.
Growth, mainly: 1. Payback end: the company continues to refine its customer needs, enrich its product matrix, and continuously upgrades its core competitiveness.
The profit end: as the size of the company ' s revenues continues to grow, the effect of scale becomes apparent: the level of operation of smart manufacturing aids increases effectively; and the cost rate decreases steadily, allowing the net profits attributable to shareholders of listed companies to continue to grow on a year-on-year basis.
Platforming advantages highlight the high performance growth period for newly signed singles. In the area of integrated circuits, corporate products cover etching, film, cleaning, heat treatment, etc., with extensive process coverage further, total equity/flow (billion shares)
In 2023, the company collected nearly 60, over 60 and over 3 billion yuan of corrosion equipment, overall market value/flow (million yuan) of membrane sediment equipment, as well as tile furnaces and cleaning equipment, respectively.
The ratio of top/lowest price firms to further advanced process orders in 12 months is expected to continue to rise, leading companies to continue their profitability as the leading domestic lead semiconductor platform companies, with their own products.
The development system and the high coverage of semiconductor production processes are expected to benefit from the depth of the semiconductive up-to-date cycle of the Pacific Institute of Research, the Chinese Far East Enterprise, No. 9 North Street, North of Beijing.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.