Non-Golden Financial Securities  Huatai Securities Report 2016: Benefiting from increased concentration in the brokering industry and growing combined strength Events: Companies published 2016 reports, companies achieved $16.9 billion in operating income, a decline in comparison with the previous year
Companies perform better than industry averages, leading the industry. The securities industry has lost 2.7 billion, or 38%, of its revenue by the same year as the average + fair value change. This reduction is smaller in terms of the same industry. Self-direction strategies, equity investments achieve full positive returns;
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) Complete ficc operating system effectively resisted significant restructuring of bond markets at the end of 2016 total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
As a result of the insistence on mobile interconnection strategies, the market share of our brokerage equity fund transactions is higher than that of our wealth management.
Valtay Securities (601688): Discrepancies surged and performance is expected to continue to improve
--2016/10/31: first in direct position; third in a three-year career in capital intermediation. Based on the characteristics of brokering, we judge that market concentration is expected to increase further, and that the vanguard continues to suffer.
In addition, with respect to wealth management operations, Wah Tai is expected to lead the business again. Given China’s step-by-step efforts to unlock financial synergies, it is important to take a second step.
Building on the mature market customer service system, our firm successfully completed the acquisition of the United States assetmark in 2016, providing a powerful platform for the transformation of wealth management to match global resources, and a key step in the internationalization of the development landscape.
Investment proposals: based on industry patterns and business characteristics, corporate brokering is expected to take a step forward, with more flexible performance in market restoration; corporate overall competitiveness is increasing.
Table 3: Analysis of the decline in net profits from the return of thehua-Thai securities
“New Wealth” AfDB Number One 2015: “New Wealth” AfDB Third in 2011: “New Wealth” AfDB Second in 2012: “New Wealth” AfDB Third in 2013; “New Wealth” AfDB Fourth in 2016; Pacific Securities in 2016. Covering the AfDB and good in the portfolio area. Since this year, about 14% of the proceeds per market portfolio have been in the platform's non-gold.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report