I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Forecastchange 3q17profitasguided; 4q17eearnings toimprovelightlyqoq
vincentha, cfa 4qguidancebelowextactionbutnewenergyvehile (nev) salesstill researchanalyst
Bydhasreported 3q17aultsunderprcgaap. Grossrevenuegrewby 3.8% yoy tormb 28.9bnhingherdemandforitsownbrandpassengerandcommercialfeisun, cfa
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got it, but I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it.
Margindeclinedby 2.3 pptyoyproblyonlowenevmarinatersubsidycut, inourview.meanwhile, byd's 3q17netprofitdeclined 23.9% yoytorm 1.1bn, yokilu
I don't know, whichisnearthemid-rangeofbyd's spreviousguidance.
Implyinganyoydeclineofupto10.0% oranyoygrovefupto8.0%.for4q17, bydexpectsnevsalestocontinueto grossatyhipace, whiliditionalpassengervehiclesalescanimprovewith
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and more
I don't know what you're talking about, remember/profitcognificationforitsmonorailprojects.deutschebankview-buybyd-hasscalablechinesenevplay byd'sfy17eearningsguidancesforabout 91-96% oourforcast.
v/ebitda(x) considering theguidance,wetrimourfy17-19eenueby 0.8-3.6%on1) more price/book(x)
I don't know what you're talking about.
v/ebitda(x) oursotp-derivedtargetpricesaresaresedon1) apeeraversionfoy18ep/eof15.5x, price/book(x)
Source: deutschebank 22.4xand7.4xforthehandsetbusiness (18%ofsotpvalue), battybusiness (6%ofsotpvalue) andmonoreilbusiness (2%ofsotpvalue), respeculatively; and2)
Apeeraveragefy18ep/salesof1.7xand2.1xortheconventionalaubusiness (12%ofsotpvalue) andtheenevbusiness (62%ofsotpvalue), revertively.theimpliedtargetfy18ep/eis29.8x, thehighesttargetp/ebenchmarkamong
It's 37% fy17-19etwo-yearepscagr.wemaintainbuyon byd-honapositiveearningsoutbook, mainlydrivenbybustneved
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
This company hasbeenaclieentofdeutschebanksecuritiesinc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I'm not sure what you're going to do, but I'm not sure what you're going to do, but I'm going to tell you.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
Issuersand the securitiesofthostelsuers.inaddion, theundersignedleadananalysthasnotandwillnotreveny compensationforprovidinginternationalviewsreport.vincentha Historicrecommissionsandtargetprice.byd-a (002594.sz)
It's not like you're the only one who's ever been in a state of emergency.
It's a natural development. Byd (1211.hk)
(asof 10/27/2017)
I don't know what you're talking about, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing.
Hold, targetpricechengehkd48, 50vincentha, cfa buy, targetpricechhangehkd56, 80vincentha, cfa 01/04/2015
Hold, targetpricechengehkd 34,90vincentha, cfa buy, targetpricechhangehkd58,80vincentha, cfa 06/02/2015
Hold, targetpricechengehkd51, 10vincentha, cfa buy, targetpricechaghkd60, 00vincentha, cfa 08/07/2015
Hold, targetpricechengehkd 43, 50vincentha, cfa buy, targetpricechhangehkd52, 60vincentha, cfa 08/27/2015
Hold, targetpricechengehkd 37,30vincentha, cfa buy, targetpricechhangehkd50, 60vincentha, cfa 10/29/2015
Hold, targetpricechengehkd 42, 50vincentha, cfa buy, targetpricechhangehkd 48, 20vincentha, cfa 11/27/2015
Hold, targetpricechhangekd 43, 50vincentha, cfa buy, targetpricechhangekd59, 50vincentha, cfa 03/14/1916
Hold, targetpricechhangehkd 45, 60vincentha, cfa buy, targetpricechhangekd57, 70vincentha, cfa 03/29/1916
Hold, targetpricechaghkd 47, 00vincentha, cfa buy, targetpricechaghkd 85, 80vincentha, cfa vincentha, cfa
Quintyratingkey equityratratingdispersionandbankingrelationships present: basedonnacurrent12-monthviewoftoralshare-holder
Return (tr=percentagechangeinshareprircorent pricetoprojecedtargetpriceplus pro-jeceddividendyeld), shell: basedonacurrent12-monthviewoftalshare-hold
I'm sorry, werecommendtainvestorssellstock.hold:wetakeanutralviewstock12-montthsoutand, badthistemehrizon, donottrecommendeotherabuy
Newlymissedresearchrecommendationsandtargetprices suppersededively publicizedresearch.
I don't know if you're going to do it, but you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.
"Deutschebank") ...though theinformationhereisbelievedtobereliableandsbeenobtainedbrompublicsours believedtobereliable, deutschebankmakesnorepreformatsacuracyorcompletences.hyperlinkstothird-partywebsitesinthisreportoredforderconvenionly.deutschebankneotherothersethershecontentnor
Ifyouusetheservicesofdeutschenconnectionwith apurchaseorsaleofcustytisdiscussedinthis report, orisincludedortiscuscussedinothercommunition(oralorritten)fromadeutschebankanalyst, deutschebankmay
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it, but we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
The frequenyofchangesinmarketconditionsansandinbothgeneraland companypanyspecificconomic prospecetsmakeit difficulttoupdateresearchtechdefinedintervals.updatesalesedhesolediscriptionofthecoverageanalyconcernedorof thereseanchdepartmentmentmentmentandassuchthemajorityofreportsarepublishedairguardintervals.thisreport
I don't know, it's providedforformationforpurposonlyanddoesnottookintoacaccounttheparticularinvesmentofmentobjectives, financial situations, orneedsofindividualcolients.itisnotanofforacitationofanoffertobuyorsellanyfinancialinstruments orparticipateinanyparticulartringstratey.targetpricesareinotherlyimpresociendaprodactoftheanalyst's
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know if you're the one who's been there.
Instrumentationistinacurrencementor'Scurrence, acheenexchangamentsmayadversely affecttheinvestment.pastpermanceisnotcerissariindidicativeboutureresources.unlessotherwiseindicated, préces
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm talking about, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it.
I'd like to thank you for your help, Mr. President, for your help, and for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, and for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help.
I'd like you to know that I've been working on this, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it.
, changesintaxpolicies, currencyconvertivability (whatmayonstraincurrenceconversion, reservationofprofetsand/ortheliquidationofpositions), and
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, the appropriatenes sorority wiisef theseproductsforusebyinvestorsispendentontheinvestors' towncircumstances including theirtaxpositions, theirregulatoryenvironmentandtherentienoftherootherassessetsandlibilitias, andassuch, invectorssouldfultelexperletlegalandfinancianciavidvevebefororienterintoanytransaction similyartoororedtheby
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"Characteristicsandrissksofsordardedoptions", at http://yourdeutschebankrepresentativeforforaboutthisimportportantdocumentation.
It's not like I'm going to have to go to the bathroom, but I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Inventor'somejurisdiction. asidebromwithinthisreport, importantconfactdiscloscanalsobefoundat https://gm.db.com/equiticesunderthe'discussionsbookup"and'legal"tabs.investorsorsorsordulentmanagementviewviewofis informationmationbeforeinvesting.
I don't know if it's the right thing to do, but it's the right thing to do, and it's the right thing to do.
I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Warnings from the sebiforbreasofindianregulations.japan:approvedand/ordriedbydeutschecuritiesinc.(dsi).registralnumer-registeredasafincial instrumentsdealerbytheheadofthanthantalfinalfinanceau (kinsho)no.117.memberofofassociations:jsda, typesda
iifinancialinstrumentsfirmsassociation and thefinancialfuturesassociationofjapan.commissionsandksinvolved instocktransactions-forstocktransactions,wechargestockcommissionsandconsumptiontaxbymultiplying the transactionamountby thecommmissionrateagreedwitheachcustomer.stocktransactionsscanscandtossasaresault
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, registered credentializationsinjapanlessesjapanesjapanor'nippon'specipialdisdatedinthenameoftheity.portsonjapaneselistcompaniesnotwrittenbysorfsorverewerittenbydeutschebankgroup'sanalyswith the coveragecompaniespeciedbydsi.someoftheforeignsecuritiesstatesstateshandactionalatedaboutsacretdiscordering
I don't know if you're the only one who's got the money, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
Southafrica: deutschebankagjohannesburgirgisincorporatedinthefederalrepublicicofgermany (branchregister numberinsouthafrica:1998/003298/10).
Quey #18-00southtowersingapore048583, +65642380001), whybycontractedinrespectofanymettersarising from, orinconnectionwith, this isreport.whoethissuissuedorpromulgaedintoapersonwhoisnostan accreditedinvesor, expertinentivosorinstitutionalinvestor (asdefininedintheapplicablesing aporelawsandregulations)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Qatar: deutschebankingtheqatarfintilcióncentre (registeredno.00032) isregulatedbytheqatarfinalcentre regulatoriathority.deutschebankag-qfbranchmayonlyundertakethefinncialservicesactivitiesthatfallfallwithin the scopeofofofralicense.principalplacementofbusinessofof:qatarinancialcentre, tower, west
I'm sorry, level5, pobox 14928, doha, qatar.thisformation hasbeendistributed bydeutschebankag.related financial productsorservicesreonlyabletobusinesscustomstomsoms, asdefinedbytheqatarnationalcentregradority.
Russia: thisinformation, internationalandopinionssubmittedhereinarenotinthecontentof, anddonotconstitute, anyappraisalevarealactionrequiringalidenseotherussifidesfederation. kingdomofsaudiarabia: deutschecuriceaudialarallccompany, (registerno.07073-37)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Australia: retailclientsshouuldobtaoproducestatestatement(pds)relatingtoanyfinalproduce referredtointhisreportandconsidertheptsforenanydecisionofheshertoacquiretheproduce.pleaseresearch-information.html
Australiaandnewzealand: this isresearchchisintendonlyfor "wholesaleclients" in the meaningoftheaustralian coorporationsactivandnewzealandfinanciardvisorsactively.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, my friend, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Headofamericasresearch research globalheadofeconomics
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
♪ daveclark pamfinelli globalheadof ♪
Headofema headofapac globalheaf
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Globalheadofquantitative headofresearch-germany and qisresearch
Internationalations deutschebankag deutschebankag
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
filialaihongkong 2-11-1 nagatacho 60329 frankfurtammamain
It's an important part of the world's history, and it's an important part of the world's history.
1 austinroadwest, kowloon, germany longkong
I'm sorry, but I don't know what to do.
1 Greatwinchesterstreet londonec2n2eq uniteddom