Acquisition of 100 per cent of the Sichuan shares in HFA, enhancement of the right to good-quality hydropower assets, HEU (600025.sh) and ceramic power.
On September 6, the company announced its intention to acquire 51% and 49% of the shares of the Chinese-owned Sichuan Corporation held respectively by the Group and Associates Power International by means of a private agreement transfer. The purchase of 100% of the Chinese-owned Sichuan shares and the increase of 10% or more of the interest in high-quality hydropower assets.
The company is mainly involved in the construction and production of clean energy in the Sichuan region, including water elevator development in the river basins of the Sichuan, Jaejiang, Jinjiang, Boheing, Vaz, Batchu and Dafu River. As of 31 March 2023, the capacity of the installed unit was installed.
Two hundred and fifty-five thousand kilowatts (KW) are under construction for the hydroelectric project. The deal will increase the company’s control of Leung Yoo Nam and Sichuan net profit calculations.
After this acquisition has been completed, the company will further enhance its position and profitability by integrating its Sichuan-related business and expanding its development strategy in the south-west region.
The price of electricity traded in Yunnan has been rising from year to year, keeping in mind the long-term space in which the price of electricity has been going up. Since 2017, Yunnan has been actively introducing high-energy industries such as aluminium and silicon, with tight supply and demand patterns. In the last five years, the price of electricity traded in Yunnan has been rising from year to year.
On-site trading at a price of 0.26,450 yuan/kWh (+2.36 per cent of the year); we expect to plan for the construction of a “two million kW” clean energy base, opening up new growth space for new energy sources, based on the advantages of the hydropower zone, to develop new energy sources in the Lantern Yunnan and Tibet sectors.
Planning for the construction of a “two million kilowatts” clean energy base. Currently, the Toba station in Yunnan Sector is in the early stages of work (1.4 million kilowatts), while the Tibetan sector, such as the American hydroelectric plant (2.6 million kilowatts), has been approved by the National Development and Rehabilitation Commission and the hydroelectric plants of ancient school and Banda are in the advanced stages.
During the first half of 2023, the company launched new energy projects in Little Bay, Gyeongdong River and Sao Land, adding 769,000 kilowatts; by 2023, it had a relative depth of 300 kW.
The company’s debt financing space is large, low-cost, and its operating net cash flow is high, guaranteeing that the project is well under way. Water is not as fast as expected: new energy development is not as fast as expected: electricity prices on the Internet are lower.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021 for research in the public utility sector.