Merchant shipping (601872) Bulk transport camps opened up and tanker markets recovered at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Incidents: Merchant ships publish 2022 semi-annual reports. As of 30 June, the company had 51 operational Vlcc tankers, owned and controlled Vloc37 and completed a total of 98,049,000 cargoes during the first six months of the flotilla.
2022H1 oil tanker transport generated 2.44 billion yuan per annum, 25.8 per cent more: bulk transport operations, commercial ships, $5.99 billion, or 18.1 per cent more; new growth points in company operations, roll-on shipping, realized
In the first half of the year, the dry bulk market as a whole was at a higher level in recent years, with small and medium-sized bulk ships performing better than large bulk ships.
2022h1,bdi increased by 1% in the same year, thanks to the return to normal food and ore and coal shipments in South America. As a result of our control of the epidemic, our main bulk imports fell by 7% in the same year, 28%, 11%, and 5%, respectively, of coal, grain, iron ore.
As the global impact of the epidemic subsides, demand for travel has risen significantly, and transport has recovered as the country's bulk-inflow demand for oil consumption is expected to recover, excess capacity has improved and the oil market has risen.
The Russian-American conflict caused countries like Europe and the United States to impose a ban on Russia’s petroleum products, the diversion of Russian oil supplies to regions like Asia, and Europe’s shift to imports of oil into regions like the Middle East and India, which led to a significant increase in the distance from trade in oil by sea. On the other hand, by 2022,
Half-yearly, Vlcc delivers 23, dismantles 2 and, since July of last year, no new orders have been signed, the excesses have been further improved, and the overall impact on the oil transport market has increased. Profit predictions and investment proposals: we see that companies can catch the ship in time in a diversified business environment.
One industry-wide “2+n” business model, which builds the world’s leading shipping practitioners, is the world’s leading shipping practitioners. Merchant ships, launched in 2004 by a merchant agency ship, united China’s petrochemical industry, ranked second among non-financial shipowners in the world.
The oil-based and dispersed fleet has been preliminarily configured. The oil flotilla is larger, better structured than the market and most of the same. As of 2022h1, the world’s largest fleet of vlcc, the fleet of vloc is the world’s largest, and as of 30 June, the company’s 100% interest in 50 vlcc tankers, owns and controls Vloc37 (including shares).
One ship consists of a container fleet that has been further expanded to operate 27 vessels, of which 16 are self-owned, following the acquisition by the Outer City of the Central and Out-of-Street Shipping Co. Ltd. The company has developed a business-wide “2+n” pattern that is robust and inelastic.
Dry bulk became the dual core of the company, with cargo from the 2022h1 tanker fleet amounting to 37.7 million tons, an increase of 4.8 per cent over the same period, and cargo from the dry cargo fleet amounting to 29929,000 tons, a decrease of 21 per cent over the same period; in addition, the company expanded its operations further through gas transportation, rolling, containerization, etc., with cargo from the 2022h1 fleet of the lng fleet amounting to 12,879,000 tons over the same period, an increase of 9.7 per cent over the same period.
To date, 54.3 per cent of merchant ships have shares in the company and are affiliated to the Commissariat Group. By holding 90 per cent of the membership of the Commissary Group, the CNR controls the company.
Founded in 1872, it established China's modern-day national shipping industry, with companies under the auspices of a merchant agency that operates and manages China's oldest and most experienced fleet of ocean tankers.2 The bulk market sustains performance, and the oil recovery has led to an upturn in the Vlcc market
In the first half of the year, the dry bulk market as a whole was at a high level, with small and medium-sized bulk ships performing better than large bulk ship markets. 2022h1, bdi rose by 1%, thanks to the return to normal food and ore and coal shipments in South America. As a result of our control of the epidemic, the country ' s main bulk cargo was imported.
The Department of State held a Economic Stability Conference to urge the implementation of a series of sound economic policies. With steady growth policies in the second half of the year, capital investment has accelerated, and the country’s bulk imports will improve.
Companies adjust their rolling lock ratios and rhythms to market dynamics to create good performance. Companies take advantage of high-profile bulk market opportunities, and the fleet operated safely, efficiently and stablely in the first half of the year, while continuing to take advantage of the advantages of concentrated scale, strengthening global operations and route layout, and working to open up new sources of goods and continuously improve their ability to operate.
With a slight cooperation to achieve excess gains above the market during the same period, the bulk fleet continued to collect $6.06 billion, or 18.1 per cent, in the first half of the year, despite a 21 per cent reduction in the volume of cargo, and oil consumption demand is expected to recover, with excess capacity improving in vlcc and the oil market rising.
The impact of the ball has gradually diminished, and the demand for travel has risen sharply, with the recovery of the transport industry leading to a rise in the demand for oil fuel. It is 100 million barrels a year.
On the other hand, in the first half of 2022, 23 vlcc were delivered and 2 were dismantled, while since July of last year, there has been a further improvement in excess capacity, combined with an increase in the temperature of the oil tanker market, which is currently receiving bdti at 1526, an increase of 111.4 per cent from the beginning of 2022.
Companies are actively developing new customers, expanding new sources of goods, and steadily increasing their resilience and continued profitability. On the basis of strong strategic cooperation with international and domestic large oil companies, and taking advantage of the size of the Volcc fleet, companies are actively expanding their cooperation with industrial and private refineries clients to further build and consolidate international multi-client communities, while actively exploring and strengthening domestic large oil companies.
As the oil tanker market recovers, the company’s performance will rise. China’s demand for automobile exports has risen sharply, facilitating the recovery of the rolling fleet.
In July 2022, China ' s ACI data show that we sold 2.42 million vehicles, an increase of 29.7 per cent over the same year, and re-innovation. In July this year, we exported 290,000 vehicles, an increase of 67 per cent over the same year. Cumulative exports reached 1.59,000 vehicles, an increase of 50.6 per cent over the same year. Exports are expected to exceed 2.4 million throughout the year; since the second half of 2020, with our cars coming out.
The five-year rental rate for rolling-on vessels exceeded $35,000 per day, over 6,000 spaces for rolling-on vessels exceeded $55,000 per day, and the international roll-on-ship market entered a rapid recovery and boom cycle. Figure 6: China ' s monthly vehicle sales (millions)
Figure 7: China ' s monthly vehicle exports (millions) 3 multi-purpose business structures guarantee operating efficiency, cost control enhances profitability. Multi-dimensional business structures guarantee operating efficiency. Corporate revenue has increased steadily since 2016, with 2022h1 companies actually operating.
The current revenue of $13.73 billion, representing an increase of 32.3 per cent over the previous year, shows that tanker shipping has generated $2.44 billion, compared with $810 million, compared with a 24.2 per cent increase in shipping operations, although the growth or decline in some of the company ' s operations has slowed in recent years, and has steadily increased in the context of a diversified business strategy.
In the case of Māori, the company achieved a gross profit of 3.3 billion yuan in 2022h1 under a substantial increase in revenue, a 164.5 per cent increase and a Māori rate of 24 per cent. The cost of sales for 2022h1 fell slightly to 0.3 per cent in terms of cost rates, and the management cost decreased by 1.4 pp in terms of cost rates.
3 per cent, in addition to a decrease of the financial cost rate of 0.7 per cent in interest income over the year; the company rate of 4 per cent in the first half of the year, taken together. The net profit of the company increased gradually, with a net profit of $2.89 billion achieved by 22h1 and increased by 1.) The global impact of the epidemic has diminished, demand for oil consumption is expected to recover, the supply of vlcc is slowing, and the oil transport market is looking forward.
2) The global economic recovery is facing many challenges, the demand for maritime transport has weakened, and as the epidemic has eased, it will also lead to the collapse of the port, and we look forward to a higher level of profitability under the company ' s diverse business landscape, with good fleet management capacity, timely capture of the different market upswing opportunities for shipping, and cost-control measures to safeguard the level of profitability.
Considering the company’s focus on oil, dispersed transport, and also the container ships, rollers, etc., the above-mentioned benchmark is compared to the public sector, taking into account a variety of transport attributes. Compared to 23 years of company pe, we view the medium-term oil transport market as a large market for macroeconomic fluctuations, recurrent risk of an epidemic, geopolitical risks, etc.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.
As of 1 July 2017, you will not receive, subscribe to, or use any of the information in this report if you are not a contracted customer of your own company, in order to control investment risk. Nor will your company be considered a customer for receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information, opinions and assumptions reflect only the firm ' s judgement as of the date of publication of this report. The prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report can rise and past performance should not be used as a basis for future performance.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.