q2 battalion growth is profitable and new material projects are well advanced Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) q2 is affected by the high cost of raw materials and the epidemic, and corporate growth profits are under short-term pressure
2022q2 The conflict has not improved, with Euro-American sanctions on Russian crude oil, and crude oil prices averaged 954.8 yuan per ton, a decline of 2.74 per cent over the ring, but a 1.06 per cent increase in the price of acrylic and pure benzene, a 13.33 per cent increase in the average urea price over the ring, but other major commodities affected by the epidemic, in particular by swirling.
The related downstream demand was weak and prices fell to varying degrees: the average price of the products of 2022q2 companies dmf, acetic acid, adipic acid, perineamide, dmc, respectively, was 19.82 per cent; the production of methachlor, fertilizers, acetic acid and derivative plates was 14.67 per cent, respectively.
Half-yearly sales of organamines, fertilizers, acetic acids and derivatives have moved on to the same scale as new projects at the Qingzhou + Qingzhou base, and the performance of aid companies has grown over the next two years, as a result of economic downturns, with short-term pressure on demand, but crude oil prices have remained high and coalesced
In building projects, the company continues to develop coal-based synthetic gas-coalin-industrial chain layouts of new energy materials. The company is based on the existing structure of the Texas base.
At present, the HAP-6 project has entered the pilot phase; the 50,000 tonnes Dec and 300,000 tonnes Emc projects are evaluated, and the TAX project is expected to be operational by the end of 2023.
The company plans coal-chemical integration projects in Jingzhou to replicate the Texas experience, and the Synthetic Gas Integrated Use project plans 1 million tonnes/year urea, 1 million tonnes/year acetic acid, 150,000 tonnes/year methamine and 150,000 tonnes/year dmf. The project is currently in the ground construction phase and is expected to be in 2023
In addition to the coal synthesizing gas project, the company plans to build new energy materials using its own coal-chemical advantages, and has signed an investment agreement with the Hubei River County Government for a green new energy material project with a total investment of about RMB 5 billion. Quanzhou II includes 100,000 tonnes/year.
Nmp, 200,000 tonnes/yearbdo, 30,000 tonnes/year pbta, etc. and ancillary facilities will be further enhanced by that time to increase corporate growth and profitability.
(i) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products; (ii) safe production risks; and (iii) environmental protection risks;
(4) The project is not as fast as expected; The data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, and are based on publicly available information on the market, without any personal assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.