Growing to the rudder cycle as sails — China's Great Stone (600176.sh) is an alternative material in nature, product innovation and new applications are discovering and life cycle is growing.
Stage 05, 2021. Fibres and their downstream requirements are accompanied by structural changes, wind power, light vehicle quantification, pcbla, Cao Xut.
In the future, wind power will grow towards large capacity, foliage, high towers to reduce the cost of electricity. With the increase in the amount of fibre needed for each megawatt of filament, the demand for wind veils is expected to double. In the future, energy conservation policies will become more stringent, with light quantification as a necessary route to new energy sources and lower fuel consumption.
Under the same conditions, the material weighs only one third of the steel material and has great potential for future demand. The electronic veil is a high-end product in the fabric, with a higher price and profit than the usual coarse. The higher e-share funding and the longer technical cycle of authentication has resulted in a strong customer stickyness.
In 2022, the demand for fibre-optics was 458 and 4.94 million tons, corresponding to a growth rate of 7% and 8% respectively. China’s giant rock cost-control capability achieved the manufacturing pole, opening a new cycle of cost decline.
At a higher level of profitability, cost control is the core element. In the future, the giant rock will enter the second round of cold-reflection, which will increase the production efficiency of the kiln and reduce its depreciation costs, and the cost of producing the product is expected to decrease. If the cold-reflection cycle is eight years, we expect that the giant stony will have about 700,000 tons of waste to climb with the sturgeon.
The core advantage is to build a bobblehead moat. 1) The giant stone is based on autonomous innovation, actively moving up the upstream chain, and the core technology has autonomous intellectual property rights and is world-class. 2) Product high-end development is a firm ' s development strategy that avoids the price associated with low-end output overcapacity through a high-end product structure.
It also helps to increase the viscousness of downstream customers. The Great Stone 9 fibres came to the market in August 2020, and it is expected that the maximum length of the entire fabric will be raised from about 85 metres to 90-100 metres, which will further replace materials such as carbon fibre to meet the needs of wind power megaification and oceanization applications.
The Department’s financing costs are low. The giant rock is the absolute leader of the bobble industry, with high asset quality, good cash flow, and the lowest financing costs.
On the supply side, the current global production of about 8 million tons of fibre optics has created a stable oligarchy, with six major suppliers, ocv, ppg, jm, China ' s giant stones, Tarzan and Chongqing International, accounting for a total of 80% of the market share. On the demand side, demand for future high-end applications such as wind power, light vehicle quantification, pcb, etc. are expected to accelerate.
So we think that the growth properties of the industry will be strengthened. 1.1 The essence of the fibre is an alternative material. The fibre is an inorganic, non-metal material with a high performance and a wide variety of applications.
Metals such as aluminium have a light and strong advantage over carbon fibre, which has a high value for value and a high modulus. Fibre products and fibre-optic composites are the main products of fibre-optics, which are initially processed from fibre-optics, including bobble fabrics (square cloths, mesh cloths, electronic fabrics, etc.) and fabric-free products (short cuts, wet methods, etc.)
Product innovation and new applications have been found, and the life cycle is still growing. The lower optics range from cyclical applications such as construction, pipelines, to emerging growth areas such as new energy conservation, and smart transport.
The product is used for printing circuit boards (pcb), which form the basis for various types of information-processing equipment. Currently, with the growth of vehicles, light quantification, 5g intelligence, and wind leaves, the demand for increased permeability continues to grow.
(i) Separately used: (2) as enhancement material in composite materials made into composites with organic or inorganic materials such as fibre optic increment, strong thermal solid plastics (glass steel), fibre optic enhanced thermal plastics, enhanced rubber products, fibreglass enhanced non-availability
Machine condensed material products, etc.: 3) An organicly overtreated approach is used to make them more flexible into a variety of soft products such as wrapping cloths, curtains, curtains, wallpapers, captions, building film materials and special protective supplies.
Figure 3: Shipment, electronics, wind power as a share of fibre optic demand over 50 per cent Figure 4: Combined increase of 9 per cent in domestic fibre optics consumption over the period 2011-2020 1.2 Permeance increase wind power, light quantification of cars, pcb pull demand for fibre optics
There is a correlation between China’s growing demand for fibres and the growth of gdp. From historical data, the demand for fibres is growing faster than the increase in gdp, mainly because of the widespread downstream application of the fibres and the growing potential for new developments in the lower-middle- and upper-end applications. In a neutral scenario, we measure the domestic demand for fibres in 2021 and 2022.
The construction domain is the most traditional and the most in need of fibre-optic applications, mainly real estate and infrastructure, which already account for nearly 40% of the country's downstream market, including the front end of the present concrete template, weighting structures, and back end.
There are large gaps between the number of completed, sales and start-up data for the past few years, which has led to expectations of completion. The data for the first half of 2021 met that expectation to some extent, with the completion of the second half of the year being high.
The peak is expected to continue, with either a year-round increase in the pace of completion or a significant improvement in the demand for fibres at the end of the construction. In 2021, the demand for wind veils is expected to fall and is expected to double in the long term.
During the 14th Five-Year Period, it is necessary to ensure that wind power will be installed at least 50 million kW per year, and that China will be installed at least 60 million kW per year after 2025, at least 800 million kW per year by 2030, and at least 3 kW per year by the end of 206. As a result of the looting, we believe that new wind will be installed.
In the long run, wind power will grow to a large capacity, long leaves, and high towers to reduce the cost of electricity. As wind power sizes grow, wind blades move towards larger sizes, increasing the amount of fibres needed per megawatt of wind leaf, and long-term good demand for wind fibres.
Environmentally sound energy-saving policies are becoming more stringent, and cars have great potential for light quantification. Every 10% reduction in car weight will reduce fuel consumption by 5-10%. Glass fibre composites, under the same conditions, weigh only a third of steel material. Light quantification is a necessary route for the development of new energy vehicles, not only to save energy, but also to increase the number of mileage, thus reducing it.
Battery use costs. We currently have only about 8% of the plastic modified (mainly bobble fibre) applications on our car parts, and there is still a large gap from 16% in Europe and America, and there is still much room for improvement in the future. The electronic veil is a high-end product in the fabric, with a higher price and profit than the ordinary coat.
Whether or not products can be exchanged, and when electronic yarns are made into electronic cloths, they are mainly applied to the coatings. An electronic yarn-electronic sheet-copper (ccl)-printing circuit boards (pcb) complete industrial chain has now been formed. The longer technology certification cycle has resulted in more sticky customers due to higher barriers to electronic gauze funding and technical barriers.
Pcb is expected to grow at a rapid pace, with a pull-out rate such as ready/car electronics. Figure 8: China's computer production and the same rate of increase (millions, per cent) Figure 9: Rehabilitation of new start-up and completed area of real estate “scissors poor” (%)
China's giant rock global bobble industry pilot 2.1, the five-continental global layout, was established in 1993 and is now the world's largest producer of bobble fibres, with 23 fibreglasses.
With a combined design capacity of 2 million tonnes/year, or 23% of the world's total capacity, the production share is well higher than that of other industry firms in the country, and it has a strong position in the fibre optic industry. The main division of the production line is found in Xiangjiang, Jiangxi Qijiang, Sichuan Chengdu, Egypt, and the United States five production bases as of 2020.
The company ' s revenues are 94.7% and 98.5% of its Māori are derived from the production and sale of fibre optics and products. The company ' s fibre optic products ranged from a wide variety of products to a full range of products, with more than 20 major categories of more than 1,000 specifications, are the absolute leader of the chain.
Figure 12: Companies are in the upper chain of the bovine industry and mixed ownership enhances the viability of their enterprises.
The shareholders and the actual control of the company are the Chinese builders group, which holds 26.97% of the shares. As of the end of March 2021, Hong Kong’s Central Bank held the Chinese Stones indirectly.
In 2014, the company fully acquired and controlled 26 subsidiaries, including the Stone Group, the Central Bank, and the Great Stone States. In 2014, the company fully acquired the largest and most profitable producer of fibre-optics in exchange for shares.
The company has a 100 per cent stake in the subsidiaries Giant Stone Group and North New Technology Development Co. Ltd., a 70 per cent stake in the holding company Giant Stone United States Co. Ltd., while the company invests in the reinstallation of Synthetic Materials Group Co. Ltd.
32.04 per cent, with a central reconnection, is the country’s largest, third-largest, global megawatt-class leaf-leaf manufacturing enterprise. 20.1 per cent of the shares are held in Guanggyong Finance Leasing Ltd. to facilitate the integration of business transformation and modern services. 2.2 Operational capacity continues to improve profit stability over time.
Over the last five years, the company has gradually increased its profit stability. In 2020, the company earned $11,666 billion, an increase of 11.18 per cent, with a 95 per cent share of fibres and products, and a net return profit of $2,416 million, an increase of 20.66 per cent.
Three hundred and ninety-six million yuan, or 63.62 per cent more than the previous year, and 1,063 million yuan, or 243.56 per cent more than the same year, in the bottom of each round of the company's industry, with net interest rates remaining above 20 per cent for the last five years, holding the profit stability Inventory and distribution of goods, production and marketing through reasonable arrangements, enhanced management of accounts receivable, and company operating capacity
After a year, corporate profitability increased significantly, returning to more than 15 per cent.
Stones use “reduces” as an important strategy for companies. Rocks have a long-term Māori ratio higher than their peers’ 10 percentage points. High levels of profitability have always been maintained during industry cycle fluctuations, with cost control at the core of 3.2 starting a new cycle of cost decline.
Industry costs are expected to be further explored when intelligent manufacturing lines are put into operation. Large kilnization has led to a decline in energy consumption, with China’s giant rock gas bill falling by 19.5% between 2015 and 2020.
Stone-ton costs are significantly lower than the Thai and Shandong fibres and have been in the lower range for many years.
In the future, the giant rock will enter the second round of cold-renovation and production costs are expected to decrease. The fibres are year-round and require 24 hours of continuous production. The kiln usually has a life span of 8 to 10 years, and the maturity of the kiln is subject to a choice of timing. Cold-renovation usually extends the kiln, replaces the composition of the kiln and adjusts the production parameters.
And give the old kilns new production technologies to improve their production efficiency and reduce their depreciation costs. In the future, the giant rock will enter the second round of cold-reflection. If the cold-repair cycle is eight years, we expect about 700,000 tons to climb the electronic veil with the squid, which will continue in 2021-24.
4. The core advantage is to build a bobblehead mooring river 4.1 integrates the industrial chain upstream based on autonomous innovation. Companies are based on autonomous innovation, and core technologies have autonomous intellectual property rights and are world-class.
In particular, technological differences, such as kilns, leachate formulations, porous leaks, glues, etc., can lead to differences in product quality and productivity. Companies are committed to technological innovation and product upgrading, and the number of technicians is around 15% of the total workforce, and is still rising steadily.
The company's own plans and construction of an annual production line of 120,000 tons of unalkali-free kilns are the largest single-alkali-free ponds in the world today.
By means of direct acquisitions, the introduction of technology for re-innovation, and autonomous research and development, each of the key links in the production of fibre optics are broken.
Its own subsidiaries or shareholders, Zhense Group, have achieved the extreme level of fragmentation. 4.2 High-end products in the layout have increased profitability, and the production of high-end products has continued to expand and increase.
High-end product structures can avoid price declines due to low-end excess capacity, and can also help to increase the viscousness of downstream customers. The corporate glass formulation system is being improved in a more intensive and modular and lower-cost direction, producing high-volume fibre-optic products of e6, e7, e8.
Functional fibres such as insulation and corrosion resistance are breaking through technical bottlenecks, and applications will be expanded to include new vehicles, new energy sources (wind power), shipbuilding, aircraft, high-speed railways and highways, preservation, environmental protection, etc. The maximum length of the entire leaf is expected to rise from about 85 metres to 90-100 metres in August, and will be further increased.
In 2017, the company built a new material-intelligent manufacturing base at the headquarters of the village of Kyong, a production line that built in three phases the 180,000-ton electronic veil project, plus the 45,000-ton production capacity of the giant rock climber.
In the future, the company will increase its electronic veil capacity to 225,000 tons. In 2020, a 60,000-ton electronic veil project was put into production and, based on project return projections disclosed by the company, the profit margin (total profit/collect) between three phases of the project would have been a financial advantage for companies in the 4.3-bond-based asset industry.
For example, the company's most recent construction lines are: “An expansion of the production line for 150,000 tons of fibreglass manufacturing by a giant group of giant stones,” with a total investment of 1,471 million yuan, “An annual production of 60,000 tons of electronic veils and 200 million metres of electronic fabric production line”
Nearly $2.2 billion is expected to be invested. One-ton investment in large stones is close to $10,000, and the amount of investment in electronic veils and fine veils is even higher. The Industrial Restructuring Directory (2019 edition) lists single kilns of less than 80,000 tonnes/year (excluding) in the restricted line of production of unalkali fibre-free coil coils; hence, the amount of investment in the fibre line.
In general, it is $1 billion or more, which limits the entry of small businesses to some extent. At the policy level, increased regulation of the production lines of small and backward production capacity constitutes a policy barrier to the emergence of new firms in the fibre-optic sector.
On April 19, 2021, China’s Great Stone general mid-term billings and technology costs were higher than the Chinese Great Stone 30bps. At lower financing costs, companies’ production expansion and technological change costs were lower.
The company’s price of fibres and their products has increased upwards, leading to an increase in the number of tons of Māori.
192.3 million yuan, 19.970 billion yuan net profit for the mother, 65.5, 77.2 million yuan and 8,222 million yuan net profit, respectively, corresponding to pss, which have not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for reference purposes only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute the purchase of the said securities.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.