Weir shares (603501) National cis leader focused on the technology cycle, high-end product, 25/07/2024
Upgraded domestic cis-deep farming technology and high-end product release met with higher performance: Weir shares were formed primarily in the design of semiconductors such as power devices and electrical ic, and companies continued to expand their outreach into image sensors, touch displays, simulations to solve 3+n product layout patterns, eyes.
In 2024, along with the accelerated degeneration of downstream consumer electronic demand demand, the company ' s Cis new products continued to be imported into the series 819%. The company ' s products in the high-end smartphone market continued to be imported and its motor-high-level intellectual drive continued.
The penetration-led market is growing at a high rate, and the company’s performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. In the field of advanced farming image sensors, the market share is expected to expand further: 1) Consumer electronics: smart cellular demand recovery and corporate growth back on track in 2023.
The company is expected to achieve a sustainable replacement of medium- and high-end cellular cis, with high-speed growth, based on product technology. 2) Motors and electronics: high-pixel products of the company ' s forward-looking layout, from ox01e20 to 5m
ox05d10, to 8m, visualize ox08d10, move from the lower to the lower to the upper to medium, opening the long ceiling. As the penetration rate of the smart driving model continues to rise, car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-gate is the fastest track to grow, and Yole predicts that the global car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car market is expected to grow from 2022 to 2022.
Market size of $2.19 billion grew to $3.63 billion in 2028 and cagr to 8.8 per cent in 22-28, and the company is expected to benefit from a high growth in vehicle-borne cis revenues. 3) Other areas such as security: the company ' s orderly deployment of cis in emerging markets such as security, pc, health, etc., was the first company in the industry.
One of the suppliers that can provide a complete end-to-end medical imaging system, the global fast-door technology is well developed, lcos products are rolled out in the ar/vr area, and the cis operation is more expensive.  Simulationic and display driveic layouts to the car electronics field, opening the growing ceiling: 1)
Active deployment of vehicle-borne tddi products: company-tddi-based full product coverage, projected by Trendforce to become one of the downstream incremental markets, demand for vehicle displays will increase significantly, and the company is expected to launch its first vehicle in the second half of 2024.
tddi products, which are long-term growth savings. 2) Simultaneous ic plates are extended to the auto area: the Division continued to promote the product layout of the car simulation chip, completed the acquisition of the car chip in 2023 and expanded the car simulation chip research and development team in Tianjin from the company's simulation solution application area.
Consumption and industry expands to automobiles. At the same time, companies are pushing forward multi-product certification imports such as can/lin, serdes, pmic, sbc, etc., to contribute to a new growth point in modelling solutions.
As a result of the expected sustained high performance of vehicle customers, we project expectations for companies for 2024-2026; the risks of increased competition; and the pace of new product development/customer import on board vehicles at a slower pace than expected.
1.1. Extension of the M & A and expansion of the industry, building of platform-type taps Out of the M & A for enrichment of the business plate. The Weir shares were established in 2007 and were initially engaged in semiconductor design operations for products such as power devices and power source ic. In 2013, they acquired Beijing Kyeong-chung and Hao-ching, and they cut into semiconductor distribution collars.
Domain. In 2017, it was listed. In 2019, it completed the acquisition of Haoway, Spico, and Windows, Beijing. Of these, Howe was the head company with the global share of cistop3 and successfully introduced the cis chip business. In 2020, the company acquired tddi from Asia, a well-known firm synaptics from the United States, which created image sensors, contact displays, simulations.
Solution 3+n product layout model. In 2022-2023, the company was simulating the solution, increasing the power of Beijing King Jung, acquiring the cylite layout vehicle simulation, storing chip operations, expanding the simulation solution layout. 3+n product layout, with image sensors as a core product.
The design of the body consists mainly of image sensors, contact displays, simulation solutions. The image sensor business, which focuses on mobile phones and car-borne cis, has been cut into an internationally renowned mobile phone branding supply chain, such as millet and tiles, from Howie and Sbyko in Beijing. The tactile and displaying solutions, with multiple products like lcd-tddi, leddriveric, ted, etc.
In 2023, the company acquired Cricket, which expanded the simulation to automobiles. The semiconductor distribution business, which is dominated by Beijing Kyeong-shik, is now a broker for many well-known firms in the country and abroad.
Table 2: Semiconductor distribution The equity structure is clear, and Mr. Yin is the actual owner of the company. As of 27 April 2024, the company’s top share, the Chairman and Chairman, was 29.49% of the shares.
There are currently 63 subsidiaries of the company. 1.2. High-end mobile phones continue to be imported, high-pixel cis reserves are growing over the long term, high-end cis orders are entering the release period, and 24h1 is above expectations. With the recovery of downstream demand, 2023
The growth in corporate revenue is back on track, with business revenues of $21,921 million, an increase of 5 per cent over the same period. In 24 years, the company’s high-end machine orders were put into the release period, and the product of ov50h was successfully cut into a large number of André’s flagships, such as China’s pura7 and Mi14, and according to the company’s semi-annual forecast, the company’s revenue of 2024h1 is expected to be between $11.9 billion and $12.18 billion.
With the rapid growth in the size of the market, driven by the company’s product imports in the high-end smartphone market and the continued penetration of high-level cars, the company’s performance is expected to continue to grow. The image sensor business is expected to support the company’s growing performance.
The increase in sensor revenue was driven by a gradual recovery in smartphone market demand in 2023, company product imports in the high-end smartphone market, and continued penetration of auto-drive applications in the car market to boost downstream demand for car-borne ciss. Currently, 50 million pixels and above from companies account for more than 60% of mobile phone cis revenue.
(ii) Touch control and displaying lower prices for chip sales, with business earnings falling by 15% on the same basis. Products such as the company’s forward-looking layout, which builds new performance growth poles, are expected to contribute to the return of the business to the growth track.
In 2023, companies acquired cylitics, downstream applications from consumer electronics, industry to car electronics, and new car-based simulations of the ic plate. 4) Semiconductor agency sales operations, both of which were affected by the overall contraction of the semiconductor market since 2022, decreased. idc expects the semiconductor market to return in 2024.
The growth trend will be 20% per year. As the global semiconductor market warms periodically, corporate semiconductor agency sales are expected to pick up steadily. Figure 9: Semiconductor distribution revenues (in billions of yuan)
Figure 8: Simultaneous solution collection (in billions of dollars) Expands the area of smart cars and opens up the growing ceiling. By sub-product, the company ' s operating income comes mainly from image sensor solutions. In 2023, image sensors accounted for 74%, simulation solutions for 6%, and contact control and display for 6%.
Semiconductor distribution was 14 per cent. In 2023, image sensors generated 1,536 million yuan, of which 7,779 million yuan was collected from smartphone collars, an increase of 44 per cent in the same year, $4,547 million in electronic motor vehicles, a rise in the price of stacked crystal rounders and a contraction of corporate profits.
The weight of the pressure on the Māori rate has been significantly affected. In 2023, the company built its own crystalline mill to produce officially, and in the future Māori rate 1.3. The emphasis is on continuous high levels of research and development inputs with technology overlaps, and equity incentives to show a high level of confidence in performance, investment in research and development, and construction of a high technology fence. In 2023, the company invested $2.9227 billion in R&D, accounting for half of the company ' s investments.
16.26% of the revenue from the physical design business, a decrease of 7.95% from the previous year, mainly from two patents for the design of the patent-protected river, which were recognized and recovered by the cost of the share payments. Equity incentives to bind core technicians to show growing confidence.
Incentives have helped to bind the company's core technical staff, demonstrating long-term growth confidence and contributing to the firm's long-term stable development.
In the field of deep-farming image sensors, the market share is expected to expand further. Image sensors are a core component of the camera module, at a cost of about half of the camera module.
Image sensor components manufactured by PV principles. Cis accounts for 52% of the total cost of the camera module. Cis consists of four main components: microscopes, colour filters (cf), photovoltaic diodes (pd), pixel design; cis workflows are divided into three main steps: external photo-irradiation pixel arrays, producing photoelectric effects, photo-sensitive diodes in pixels, and arrays in pixels.
The surface light is converted to a telecom; the pixel array is scanned by choosing circuits and columns; the window extraction function of the image is achieved by selecting circuits and columns; the pixels are selected for the desired operation; the telecoms on the pixels are read; and the images in the corresponding pixel units are processed and converted to digital image signal output.
According to yole, the global market for the chis industry in 2022 was $21.3 billion, of which $13.452 billion, or more than 63 per cent, and $2.19 billion, or about 10 per cent, for the car. It is expected that by 2028, cellular and car cos will remain the same.
2.1. The accelerated replacement of national production of high-end mobile phone products and the upgrading of product structure have led to higher performance.
Smart phone terminal demand is expected to rise back and boost cell phone needs. Canalys predicts that in 2024, handloads are expected to rebound, rising to a positive 4 per cent increase compared to an estimated 1,175 million. Cellular output will continue to grow steadily, and mobile phone needs are expected to remain stable. Single camera numbers are expected to stabilize: believed to be stable.
In general, the ratio of two and more post-cam cameras in our listed mobile phones is 59.5 per cent; 35.3 per cent in the 4g mobile phones, and 92.1 per cent in the 5g mobile phones, and 92.1 per cent in the 2 and above.
The number of headlines will increase from 3.9 to 4.6. The ratio of medium- and high-end mobile phones will increase further, and the value of single machines will increase. According to the counterpoint projections, the ratio of medium- and high-end mobile phones will increase further, with the ratio of medium- and low-end to high-end pixels (>48mp) continuing.
The data show that, as of 2022q2, China’s smartphone market master camera has achieved a 59% share of products with more than 48 million head pixels and a 26% share of 13 to 14 million pixels. There is a growing trend in the size of high pixels.
The market for cell phones is concentrated, and there is plenty of alternative space for domestic production. According to technologysights, in 2023, Sony held 55% of the market share in the global mobile phone market, with Samsung accounting for 25%, and Weir ranked third in the market 13%.
The market for Andre's mobile phones other than apples and Samsung, which are represented by Mi, oppo (including realme), glory, sound, etc., accounts for about 59% of the overall mobile phone market. High-end flag ship type: 50mp pixel master camera sensor, Howie accelerates the national production replacement process. According to the latest year.
Published machine-type data show that the current mainstream mix is a 50-mp camera with a long focus and a hyperbolic angle. Sony still owns most of the market. Mi, oppo, and Vivo's latest products are followed by video cameras using Sony and Samsung sensors. Sony uses more products such as imx989,imx888 and lyt-900.
The U.S. Pura series and the Emeritus Magic6 series are gradually replacing Sony with a photosensor of Sony as the main camera and long focal. Most of the high-end flag aircraft currently use ov50h. ov50h.
Collapse technology to achieve 2x2 phase detection automatic focal (pdaf) functions, with double-converted gain (dcg) techniques, 1.2 μm pixels and 1/1.3 inches of optical format, designed specifically for high-end smartphone backstage cameras.
The share of Weir's middle-end mobile phone is expanding rapidly. The most recent features of the Dowyov 50e and ov50h series, the Glory Digital series and the Rice Digital series, and the Red Rice series are used as hosts. Oppo, True Me, I plus, has a certain share, but is still dominated by the Sonyimx series.
2.1.2. High-end mobile phone cis accelerates national production substitution, company products overlap into high-end areas. Corporate cis product matrix achieves medium-end full pixel coverage, with a focus on 50 million pixels. Howell cell phone cis covers almost all pixels, with ovb0b and ovb0a products of 200 million pixels, and 48m and 64m.
Pixels cover a wide range. With 50mp pixels, the company has ov50a/d/e/h products. In 24 years, the company has launched the masters of high-end mobile phones ov50k and ov50x, which are expected to continue to increase the share of high-end mobile phones.
It's been updated several times, with nyxelnirsensor's second generation in the near infrared: quantum efficiency (qe) at 850 nanometers, 70% at 940 nanometers, 50% at 940 nanometers, record of the business world; and the purecelprus greatly improved the impact of weak light conditions;
TheiacelTM technology, which introduces lofic technology, further improves the dynamic range of cós. The advantage of the high dynamic range of cós Vercós is clear. The ov50k40 released by Howie in March 2024 is the first smartphone image sensor to carry theiacelTM technology. TheiacelTM technology uses the lofic function, single.
Sub-exposure achieves a dynamic range close to the human eye level. Because lofic technology can read large and small capacitors separately, single inverse 15ev is supported in a hyperdynamic range, raising it above three levels compared to traditional cellular cis. Table 6: List of mainstream Sony products performance
2.2. Forward-looking layout high-pixel products, opening up car-borne cis-growing ceiling 2.2.1. Accelerated penetration of high-senior smart-drive models, high-speed growth in size of vehicle-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-aid applications, etc.
The resolution of the front video camera is usually 2-8 mp, and, depending on the number of cameras, there are also: one-vision cameras, two-vision cameras, and three-eye cameras. Side-vision cameras, as an amphibious and redundant sensor, are used primarily for the monitoring of target objects at the front and back of the driveway, including blind spot monitoring, cross-car crash alerts, etc.
The support consists mainly of backward and circumspection. The loop camera (svc) usually uses a fish eye camera, a horizontal field angle (v-fov) ~170°, a vertical view (v-fov) ~140°, usually at a resolution of 1mp~3mp.
Lower. The oms camera is primarily for children in the car. In current practice, a 5-mp, or even 8-mp, oms main camera is usually installed in front-row rear-view mirrors, and a 2-mp back-row oms is added to the third row seat. Dms are used mainly to monitor driver anomalies, with pixels generally ranging from 1 to 5-mp.
The number of cameras for automated driving at different levels is different from that of pixels. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the basics of car-borne ciss are currently: in the class of 1-1 and 10, car-mounted ciss is used mainly for rear and forward view, and pixels are generally in the range of 1-2m; most of the current mainstream smart driving models are in the range of 12+, and will be configured on a one-to-one basis.
Two 8m pixels front camera, four 2-3m loop cameras and four 2-3m weekly video cameras with one to two or more 2m overhead cameras in the cabin, with an average of 11 or so. The 8 million pixel front video camera has become a model vehicle for adas, moving from medium-to-high-to-low-to-low-low-to-medium vehicle.
Infiltration. Two million pixels carry a distance of 120 m, while eight million pixels carry a distance of 250 m. A further distance of detection requires that the vehicle travel to high pixels, and this year 100 degrees jointly developed a 15 million-high-pixel vehicle camera module, vehicle cameras, with Sony, Soccer, Hizame, etc.
Auto-intelligent penetration has increased, driving the rapid growth in the size of the car-car-cis market. According to Gaius, there are thousands of anti-traditional cars. “New energy cars are the best carriers for intelligence, and as the new energy-car market has become more hot, intelligent configurations have become more widespread.” New-energy automobile development has led to the diffusion of intelligence and car-cis markets.
The size will grow as the downstream scale expands. Autopilot class transitions from one-two to one-three, leading to an increase in the number of bicycles. As noa functions accelerate, autopilot level ranges from one-one to a higher level of one-two or even one-two-plus.
The number of head sizes varies, and Yole forecasts indicate that the standard L1 vehicle usually carries a pre-cam and a post-cam camera; as the autopilot system upgrades to al2+, the demand for an cyclovision camera rises to five; and in 2022 it is the boom period of al2++, with a typical one-carcam load leaping to 12 lefts.
Right, where the quality of the pre-cams is demanding to climb, the built-in cameras are starting to be labeled. In 2027, the automobile industry is expected to reach the age of an Auxiliary Driving System (AMS) of 1.3 and 1.4, and the projected load of a single-car cam may be as high as 20 left-high-level intellectual implosion, leading to an increase in the cis pixels.
The upgrade of the driving class, the 8mp pixel cis has become the label for the pre-car2 video camera, and the manufacturer has already started to try to upgrade the cyclovision camera pixel from about 3 m to 8 m. It is expected that the penetration rate of high pixel cis will increase further as more cars move to higher-level autopilots in the future.
Upgrade the algorithm that is subject to the processing of images, but will continue to upgrade to higher pixels in the future. Car-mounted cameras are complementary to the processing of images. The higher the pixels, the more data, the higher the mainframe processing capacity and the higher the arithmetic, the less effective the autopilot will be.
The chip in pixels, and the bus host will have to handle all the cameras in the car, and the processors will be more difficult and costly. In the current quantum chip, for example, the 3-chips in the horizon, the calculus can support the upgrading of the front video camera from 2 to 8 mp. Yole predicts that the pixels on the car will probably reach 12 mp by 2029, further boosting it.
The hdr, Ifm function raises the vehicle's value. 1) The dynamic range hdr is raised from 120db to the current maximum 150db. The vehicle camera requires the ability to capture the same size as the human eye, and it needs to respond to high-speed movements.
There are a lot of extremely bad applications, such as objects crossing the bridge, night-to-night headlamps, which require extremely high levels of hdr performance. The best Hdr in the current market is 150 db. More manufacturers are expected to have cis with 150 db hd.) Ifm's functionality is constantly improving, it will lead to an increase in cis value.
Like the traffic signs that lead to car-borne cameras being captured, the incomplete red-green light information that seriously affects the recognition judgement of the adas system, it is essential that the vehicle be equipped with an ifm (led scintillation inhibition) camera. The rationale behind the scintillation is to extend the camera exposure time, solve the problem of the led flashing and the frequency of the filming, and capture more.
For the sake of comprehensive information, the safety of cars will be eliminated. The challenge is how to provide a good led flash scintillation (lfm) function without sacrificing image quality.
In 2023, Dms was more than 25% of the total number of cars in the 122 or more model. With the high-level auxiliary driver entering the scale cycle, dms also moved from simple insider interaction to functional security, requiring a higher degree of intellectual interaction, and a higher demand for inside cis. At the same time, the policy and regulatory dividend began to become car-borne cis.
The driving factor of the market increment is that, as of 1 July 2024, the c-nacp management rules will be formally implemented, with the new driver monitoring and evaluation project. Over the next few years, the manufacturers will focus on the smartness of the cabin, the requirement for the cis in the cabin will be 2.2.2. Car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-mass-bus-new growth.
In application, the company had previously concentrated on looking around, looking side by side, and on inside products, becoming the first manufacturer to deliver the goods, and the company had prepared the product in its own cabin earlier. In 2023, the company started pre-dispositioning video cameras, so that the company had been used for forward-looking, forward-looking, forward-looking, backward-looking, forward-looking, forward-looking.
The company was the first to launch a high-speed (hdr) of 140db and high-quality led scintillation inhibition (lfm) in the industry.
Car image sensors. The company now has three major technologies: hdr, dcgTM, and theiacelTMdcg+lofic. dcgTM technology: upgrades the hdr to 140db. Accurate re-enactment of the scene through two samplings by converting the gain added to exposure.
dcg technology. At this stage, virtually all of the company's products have a dynamic range of 140 db+. The latest technology, the locale TM dcg+lofic, has expanded its face (the larger it is, the stronger it is for pixels, the more powerful it is to avoid "exposed" and can provide high lfm, lfm motion without sacrificing image quality.
The state range has increased to 3.3 times, the overall dynamic range has increased nearly three times, and it has achieved a much broader dynamic range than the single earlier exposure of the hdr frame. Active layout of the car with the Cis surroundings has increased car-car-car-cis competitiveness.
The serdes are the acronyms of the serializers and the solvers, which transmit large amounts of data from car-mounted ciss to the chip on the control screen. As car intelligence is upgraded, the amount of data that cós needs to transmit will increase. The company's transplantation of the serdes concept to the cis chip will result in significant cost savings under the unified process, and so on.
Accompaniment of the use of higher pixels in the future, bringing the value of the cos and further upgrading of car cos competitiveness. 3. Simulation and display of driveic to car electronic layout, opening up the growing ceiling.
3.1. Expanding the layout of car plate products, simulating ic is expected to create industrial resonance with cis Integrated circuit chips are divided mainly into digital circuit chips, simulated circuit chips and arrayed integrated circuit chips (msic). Simulation integrated circuit chips are mainly used to process continuous function forms of analogue signals (e.g. currents, voltage, voltage, etc.).
Sound, light, temperature, etc... Simulation chips can be broadly classified by function as power management chips (pmics) and signals Chain chips: signal chain chips include analog switches, magnifiers, etc.; power management chips include stabilizer products, battery management products, led drives, ac/dc controllers, etc., involving industrial controls, car electrons, network equipment, etc.
There are many areas of consumer electronics, mobile communications, smart home appliances, etc. Car-borne applications are the fastest growing area of pmic. The downstream applications of power management chips are extensive, covering a wide range of areas such as communications, medicine, automobiles, industry, consumer electronics.
Prices have continued to decline, except for higher demand for cars, and weak demand for orders in the industrial and communications sectors. From an annual compound growth rate of 9%, automobile-type products have become the main growth dynamic for pmics.
The global power management chip market is expected to reach $52.6 billion in 2025, and the capr in 2023-2025 is 8.8 per cent. As demand in the downstream sector is driven, China’s power management chip production is increasing, thereby contributing to the expansion of the market for power management chips in China. By 2025, China’s power management chip market is expected to reach its size.
Foreign firms now account for more than 80% of the global market for power management chips, and foreign firms, represented by Texas instruments (ti), Adeno (adi), and British flinion, have a leading position in terms of product line integrity and overall technology. Because of the variety of power management chips, head producers have a more difficult monopoly.
In the field of small-power consumer electronics, the indigenous power management chip design industry has gradually replaced the market share of foreign firms, and the product has evolved from small-power to medium-power, with a wide range of alternatives for domestic producers.
Figure 41: China’s pmic market size projections (US$ billion) Multi-year layout simulation of the ic plate, which companies have developed, mainly power source management devices, led backlight drivers and simulation switches, separation devices, etc. Simulation products involve consumer-type electronics, security, network communications, automobiles, industrials, etc.
In terms of technology, companies use the pdca cycle development system to form the company’s core technology and get patent protection. Companies take the lead domestically in developing high-frequency inhibition ratios (100k~1mhz, the lowest psrr is 55db or more) ldo, corporate products.
In addition to this, the company actively expands the product line, adding sbc plates. Its latest sbc product, Okx0210, uses dfn3.5*5.5 envelopes, with a maximum support of 40v input to meet the 12v power supply system requirements.
A high-speed cann transceiver provides the largest support for Canfd5mps communications and supports the system's lame-back mode. In-house systems are integrated into multiple diagnostic mechanisms and support asilb design, mainly for body electronics, such as steering wheel controllers, rainbrush controls, carlight controllers and seat applications.
In 2023, the company acquired cylic, further expanding the model solution market from the original consumer and industrial markets to the car market, adding a simulation ic plate. In 2022, the company introduced a new car code class Pmic product orx1210.
It's a home-grown video security asilb camera management chip. In 2023, the company also introduced a first, car-level lcd display screen, pmic--wxd3137q. The pmic has been certified with a rigorous aec-q100, and has compiled vpos and vneg output and supported vgh/vgl expansion with a minimum of 1.15mhz fixed switches.
Frequency. It supports mandatory pwm (fpwm) or powerersavingmode (psm). In addition, wxd3137q has very low shut-off currents (typically 0.05ua) and static currents (typically 300ua) and has built-in non-pressure, over-pressure, short-circuit and over-temperature protection features.
Simultaneous intellectual penetration is expected to return to growth. In 2018-2023, Simultaneous harvests showed an overall growth trend. In 2022, they fell as a result of low downstream demand. After downstream demand recovery in 2023, figure 43: Simultaneous solutions collections (billion yuan)
3.2. A robust recovery of the end demand, showing a promising return of the drive chip The driver chip can be divided into a display drive chip (ddic) and a touch control (touchanddistrivedridding (tddi)). The driver chip (ddic) can be shown into a display drive chip (dddic) depending on whether it is integrated or not.
It's the core components of the screen imaging system, the assembly of resists, regulators, comparisons and power transistors, including the lcd module and display subsystems, which perform important functions of driving monitors and controlling the power flow. In ddic, resistance is used to regulate currents and voltage, allowing the display to present the image accurately.
And display drive integration in the same chip enables both the handling of contact signals and the display of signals, thus increasing the efficiency and stability of the high system. At this stage, mainstream display drives in the market include displaying drive chips (ddic), contact displaying integration drive chips (tddi) and the oled display of drive chips (leddddic).
idc data, global smartphones, tablets, pcs in 2022 dropped by 12.03, 163, 292 million units, compared to the same year. omdia data show that the global demand for ddic was 7.95 billion in 2022, a 10% decline in the same year. Big ddic accounted for 69% of total demand in 2022, with liquid crystal television ddic being the largest.
38% of ddic size. In the small and medium-sized dddic market (including lcd and oled drive chips), smart cell phones still have the largest market share, 18% in 2022. Car monitors are one of the markets for dddic downstream incremental quantities.
The demand increase for the screen may be relatively small, but a vehicle screen application with a view mirror and a hud-up showing a dominant image will enter a high-growth period. Trendforce expects the core output to grow at a rate of more than 10 times the speed between 2021 and 2026. The demand for consumer electron downstream will stabilize. Global TV will be released in 2022, according to Trendforce's estimate.
By contrast, the demand for smart hands has begun to recover, which is expected to increase demand. In aggregate, smartphones, tablets, computers, pcs and televisions have entered a stable life cycle, and future demand for ddic is expected to be stable.
The panel manufacturing capacity is transferred to the home country, contributing to the increase in the national production rate of the driver chip. As South Korea shows the drive chip, the producer Tristar, and the lgd are phasing out of the lcd field, the global display of panel capacity is further concentrated in mainland China.
At present, China has shown a high rate of panel production in the global market (72%), establishing the status of a global panel manufacturing centre. But China has a low rate of localization (20%) of ddic. China has a ddic chip that depends on imports from South Korea, Taiwan, Taiwan, and so on.
Focusing on mainland China, the associated supply chain resources will gradually be tilted toward local producers in mainland China. Figure 50: China’s share of the market in the field of home-grown ddic smartphones has been growing year after year in 2016-2025.
In 2022, the market held 66% of the shares. Union and ilitek were ranked first and second, respectively. In 2022, the market share of lcd smartphone tddi was 10.8%, and by 2023, the share of Weir rose to 17%, and the market share grew year by year.
Figure 52: Market share of lcd smartphone tddi 2022 The company's overall layout ddic, the product line has been expanded to car plate size. 1) Mobile phone oled drive chip: there are currently od6630 and od6631 oled-dddic products. The company works closely with the leading panel manufacturers across China.
Development of an oled-ddic for smartphones. 2) Laptop screen-drivers: In 2023, the company became an intel global ted-procedure chip supplier with a new ted product, crx2000a, gaining more import design and volume production opportunities for laptop displays. 3) Automobile display drives:
In 2023, the company was newly invested in the development of vehicle-borne display-driven products, and it is expected that in the second half of 2024, the first car-borne tddi products will be launched that meet the market’s mainstream demand. The recovery of beneficial end demand and the widening of product lines will result in companies showing a positive growth in the drive-drive chip harvest.
Two years of company touch-and-show drivers have fallen slightly as they were affected by downstream demand, reaching $1.3 billion in 2023, an 11% decline in the same year. This year, with the return of smartphone demand, it is expected to lead to an increase in the demand for oleddddic.
Shows a growing business machine driving the iC market. As the company's vehicle load shows, the car will display the iC product or will be one of the drivers of the growth of the company's revenue. 4. Profit forecasts and investment proposals
Core assumptions and revenue splitting: Image Sensor Solution Business: Consumer Electronics into Demand Recovery Phase, High-level Auto-Driving Mode into Volume Up Stages, Corporate Cos products widely applied to mobile phones and automobiles, Corporate Technology in Mobile Phones leading,
The company is expected to achieve a high rate of growth as cars become more intelligent and companies continue to infiltrate high-end mobile phones. And we are expected to achieve a steady increase in the Māori rate as low-cost new-line production is released.
Touch and show solutions: consumer electronic equipment, such as mobile phones, has gradually moved back into demand recovery since the second half of 2023. The company has shown that the driving product is now widely applied to mobile terminals and is expected to benefit fully from downstream industry demand of billions of yuan, an increase of 18.25 per cent per cent per year.
Simultaneous resolution operations: the consumer electronics sector has gradually moved into demand recovery phase with a high-level auto-driving model into the surge stage, company simulations have been widely applied to cellular terminals and the area of downstream applications has been extended to auto power for 23 years. Semiconductor distribution operations: influenced by the overall contraction of semiconductor markets since 2022, corporate semiconductors.
Distribution revenue has declined. The global semiconductor market is expected to return to cyclical warming in the future, with the corporate semiconductor sales industry increasing by 10 per cent.8 per cent per cent per year. We expect the company's Māori ratio to remain stable, and the semiconductor distribution business is expected to be on the investment board.
Car-e-products are configured in a comprehensive and dynamic manner, the consumer-electronics industry is recovering and high-level smart-driving vehicle penetration accelerates, and companies are expected to benefit fully as domestic cos leading companies. We expect the company to return to its net profits in 2024-2026. 1) Consumer-e-market demand is not as high as expected: more than half of the company’s revenue comes from image sensors, with mobile phones.
Performance is sensitive and vulnerable to shocks. If the volume of downstream mobile phone sales is affected by the level of company revenue. 2) Smartness and new energy vehicle sales are not as high as expected: one of the main drivers of company growth is the provision of corporate image sensors, simulators and contact and display products for downstream smart cars, if the penetration rate is not good.
And the expected or expected lower volume of car sales will have a direct impact on company performance. 3) The risk of increased competition: the mobile cellular cos industry is highly competitive, with a clear pattern of competition. Increased competition in the market market for low cellular pixels and low-pixel cos technology are likely to lead to declining industry profits.
4) The new product development/customer import on the vehicle side is not as fast as expected: the development of new products such as the company ' s new vehicle terminal oledddic/ simulationic is not as fast as the customer import is expected.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.