Innovative Technologies and Business Services Research Centre
Optimized resource allocation, performance-driven strength, taking into account year-round growth of the company basics (RMB) 678 million yuan (Yoy+125.9 per cent) and net profit not attributable to the mother of 256 million yuan (Yoy+14.6 per cent).
q2 Q2 net return profit of 220 million yuan (yoy+16.2%) is significantly faster than q1. Wealth and banking contributions are mainly increasing, brokering profits are improving the overall Māori rate, and innovation is becoming evident. Sub-operational, benefiting from the rapid growth of stock operations, wealth and banking, among other things.
Improved (Māori + 14.28 pct.), the main driving force behind the overall Māori growth rate in companies; clean capital benefits, smooth growth in the first half of the year (Yoy + 9.1 per cent), expected to accelerate in the second half of the year; new business structures were badly fragmented, with 12.1 per cent growth overall, with cloud wins, Yunyong and other subsidiary revenues
In varying degrees, there was a slight decline in the concentration of important affiliates (yoy-6.6 per cent), a steady increase in clouds 1. q2 performance accelerates release, short- and long-term development is long (yoy+18.6 per cent), whale tungsten is growing faster (yoy+97.0 per cent), gtn is growing rapidly and open
There are more than 2,000 platforms registered, and there has been a steady increase in the number of openapi service connections.
Costs increased by 19.2% to 44.2% as a share of operating income, mainly due to increases in personnel and remuneration. 3. " Fees control continuity, policy support, as a result of year-round growth in personnel and remuneration (Yoy+18.7%).
The increase in staffing and remuneration is the main reason for the increase in corporate costs, and the non-remuneration component of management costs is managed.
Short-term performance drives, long-term growth space is expected to be opened. In the short-term, venture capital revenues will be confirmed in the second half of the year: the construction needs of the banking subsidiary system have been initiated, companies have won several bank finance subsidiary projects in the first half of the year; third-party access is expected to be at the end of this year or next year.
In the near future, financial market openness and financial science and technology development policies, including the “New 11” and the Financial Technology Development Plan (2019-2021), have been put in place to facilitate the development of the financial science and technology sector, and companies have grown up as one of the leading players in the industry.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment