Capital market recovery and policy drive robust growth, events of 29 August 2019: 1.524 billion yuan in corporate revenues in the first half of 2019, an increase of 11.97 per cent in the same year; net profit returns to mothers
678 million yuan, an increase of 125.85 per cent over the same period; and 256 million yuan in net profit from the non-contribution of mothers, an increase of 14.55 per cent over the same year. The growth of corporate revenue has been robust as a result of policies such as the warming of beneficiary capital markets and the creation of science panels.
The impact of good regulatory policy has been solid growth in corporate revenue in the first half of the year. According to the branch business, brokering income is 218 million yuan, an increase of 0.99 per cent in the same year; management revenue is 484 million yuan, an increase of 238 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 12.06 per cent in the same year.
The first six months of the brokerage business are almost the same as last year, and the uf2.0 of the core trading system brokerage operating platform and the acquisition of bonds.
Cooperation, increased market access, and a more intensive platform for business operations in innovative products, with a larger number of customers. Benefiting from the first half of the year’s boom in securities markets, the creation board’s business policy is in place, and the management of half-year-old operations will continue to grow at a certain rate.
This is mainly due to faster growth in the stock business, accompanied by a large number of banks with a financial subsidiary, item 1, and Hensen Electronics (600570): Control fees, and the completion of head-client cards in the banking subsidiary system. Internet revenue has increased more than before.
The impact is significant, and profit elasticity is expected to continue to be reduced slowly, with the current larger-income affiliates predominantly concentrated in conglomerates, whale tungstens, and clouds, with stable growth and faster growth. Whale tungsten is still in a strategic investment period, but losses are narrow.
The first half of the year, the Gtn platform has developed rapidly, with more than 2,000 open platform registrations, further optimized and the policy is gradually falling into place next year.
Openapi service connections have continued to grow and revenue has increased significantly; Xiao whale smart kyc continues with accelerated business periods 2018-10-29. Market recognition and multiple financial institutions have signed up: camp plus marketing services have grown faster.
As the “shareholders” of 2019, a joint “shareholders” initiative, the trend of innovative affiliates has been well regulated, leading to an overall upgrading of the Online technology architecture and the creation of a medium-sized strategy. The company’s products have been fully advanced.
Okay. 2018-08-23 Transformation of the technology architecture ononline, fully embracing the Internet distribution architecture to meet the business development needs of financial institutions, and forming a medium-sized strategy for technology hubs, data hubs and centres of operations
In the future, the company will increase the construction of the medium-stage product line, accelerate core product development, and go online. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Stock Company Limited already has a securities investment advisory committee.