The performance is in line with expectations, and the medium-level strategy continues to move forward with a strong recommendation (maintenance) that the company delivers its semi-annual report in 2019, yielding $1,523 million, an increase of 11.97 per cent over the same period, and returns to the motherland.
Net profit of 678 million, an increase of 125.85% over the same period, net profit of 256 million from non-repatriation, an increase in performance of q2 and a better performance of wealth and banking. Billion dollars, an increase of 16.24% compared to the increase of q1. Bank and wealth operations in the first half of the year.
Co-operation on coupons and the creation of a platform for the centralization of the operations of the new product bop, which continues to be recognized as a market and contracted by multiple financial institutions; 2) management of operations ($484 million, winning multiple bank finance subsidiaries project); 4) banking operations ($113 million, +28.73 per cent)
Rapid growth, benefiting from cash management, asset pools, and platform-to-platform market demand, and recognition of project revenues, such as the start-up plan, the Lélonton project, are expected to lead to a further improvement in overall operations. • Continued strengthening of R & D inputs and a firm push for a medium-sized strategy.
The company invested $673 million in R & D in the first half of the year, accounting for 44.19% of operating income, an increase of 2.68 percentage points in the same year, further strengthening R & D efforts and depths. At the same time, the company has advanced the technological upgrading of online technology in a comprehensive manner and has formed a large technology center, data center, and business center.
The company will embrace the Internet in a comprehensive manner to meet the needs of financial institutions for business development and accelerate the deployment of products that drive the medium-sized strategy in combination with cloud computing, artificial intelligence and so on, bringing new drivers of performance growth to the company.
• Corporate profitability projections and valuations: significant improvements in corporate efficiency, high growth in overseas operations, wide evidence of long-span-span electronics (600.570.sh)- company depth
The financial-it industry is at the forefront, and the cloud transformation strategy contributes to the achievement of policy expectations; the capital market environment falls short of expectations; and product R & D and service innovation fall short of expectations.
Wide evidence Heinson-Heinson Electronics (600570)-Announcer Reviews-Advanced Performances, Rapid Growth of Main Business Wide evidence Heinson-Heinrich Electronics (600570)-Performs Review--
(b) A rapid growth in innovative business and continuous optimization of cost rates