Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre q2 accelerated release, underpinned by short- and long-term development
H1 performance meets expectations, q2 performance has accelerated release, and H2 performance is expected to increase significantly. This performance guide, but the overall growth in business this year is in line with our expectations.
The company’s performance in q2 has begun to accelerate in terms of single-season profits, with revenue being recognized centrally at h2 and expected high growth in performance. Bank finance subsidiary system construction and external access to voucher trading systems are expected to expand, and companies are expected to do so in the short term.
In the case of banking subsidiaries, according to the Superintendence of Silver Insurance and related bank announcements, 31 banks have established financial subsidiaries, 10 of which are in the process of being approved.
2. " Fees continuity, policy support, and year-round development " . We expect the top 60 banks to have financial subsidiaries that will bring the business systems of some of the new institutions to life as a whole and the companies most affected by the new regulations.
3. " Internal management upgrades, external two-wheel drive to external access to commercial trade information systems " , which is expected to be launched by the end of this year or early next year. According to " i ' s new product landings " , innovative operations continue to grow -
In our research, the work involves a considerable amount of work to upgrade the voucher system, which, if carried out, is expected to bring significant business growth to the company. Financial science and technology development and financial market openness help the company to develop over the long term.
The financial science and technology development plan prepared by the Bank will be launched in the near future, and the regulatory level will encourage financial institutions to use financial science and technology to upgrade their financial services and strengthen their risk prevention capabilities.
Financial institutions in developing, investing in, and opening up financial markets. We believe that, along with the financial sector’s technological development and financial market opening, the opportunities for market growth under the financial system are expected to be opened up further, and companies, as industry’s absolute champions, will benefit fully from long-term corporate development.
Based on the benefits of higher fair value changes in company h1, we have raised the company ' s year-round profit forecast, with less than expected regulatory policy; less than expected financial institution ' s expenditure on it; and significant fluctuations in the fair value of the financial product held by the company.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment