The second half of the year is expected to accelerate the growth of non-profit deductions.
Performance growth is in line with expectations, with net profit gains recovered in the second quarter after deduction from the net return to the mother returning at a faster rate of return market value in circulation (million yuan): $220 million in profits, an increase of 10.94 pct over a 2019q1 ring increase of 16.24 per cent in the same year.
In the second half of the year, the company’s performance is expected to pick up at a sustained rate. The advance payments are largely equal, with costs rising slightly faster than the recovery.
RMB 939 million in advance from the 2019h1 company, an increase of 2.83 per cent over the same period last year.
Research-Hingseng Electronics (600570) 2019-2019h1 has continued to promote the upgrading of the technology architecture, increasing the planning of the technology center, the data center, and the reorganization of the production of the three mediums in business, May 2019.
Quarterly review: Significant growth in the value added performance of financial assets, control fees, gold uniforms, and Ali Yun co-published a new generation of distributed service development platform jres 3.0poweredby:
Att, a pool of tripartite capabilities to better advance digital finance development, the proportion of new R & D products in the first half of the year based on the Research-Hongsin Electronics (600570) 2018 jres 3.0 architecture has risen significantly.
Reporting points: Performance meets expectations and operational efficiency is remarkable. Pe values 58, 53 and 48 times higher, respectively. Given the company’s central position in the field offintech, it does not come to benefit fully from the process of domestic capital market reform and innovation, as well as from the opening up of the public sector, sustaining the “growth” of the company.
Policy regulation poses uncertain risks, innovation is not expanding as expected, third-party access policies are falling short of expectations, poor macroeconomics affect financial institutions' inputs, and capital market volatility is leading to trade.
The report is presented independently and objectively, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy, granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts it.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.