Sinyi Hill's business income is growing faster as a result of the beneficial regulatory policy that has been put in place.
On August 29, 2019, the company published its semi-annual report for 2019, in which it achieved total operating income of 1,524 million yuan in the first half of the year, representing an increase of 11.97 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and net profits of 678 million yuan attributable to the owner of the parent company.
The growth in income from wealth and banking was faster than expected. In the first half of 2019, the Department achieved operating income of 1,524 million yuan, an increase of 11.97 per cent over the previous year, a net return of 678 million yuan to the mother, and an increase in research and development inputs and a marked increase in the Māori rate.
It is expected that the second half of the year will continue to grow. It is also expected that, thanks to faster growth in stock and faster growth in wealth.
Financial subsidiary ta project, completion of head-client cards in the banking subsidiary ta system, in smart investment, fund sales, outsourcing of ta/direct sales, distribution of tas, tri-sales, liquidation of funds, direct sales of capital, capital management ta, crm, smart customer service, crm, call centre, anti-money laundering, etc.
At the same time, in terms of technology classification, ta5.0 is undergoing a full-scale technical upgrade to upgrade the Financial Information Registration System (FIRRS) distributional liquidation structure to support supervisory delivery under the 100-million-grade capacity; transaction centre/liquidation centre for the core FRM 5.0 has been successfully launched;
At both ends of the development of the 28th floor light platform of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City.
With sustained development, the market demand for cash management, asset pools and platforms in the trading financial product line is active; overall market demand for the paper business product line is stable and attention is paid to the business innovation of the paper application scenario; and the intermediate business product line is stable, followed by the technology platform
A three-year plan for financial technology has been put in place, and the demand for finance is opening up. In recent days, the Chinese people \triangleright \triangleright
The Bank issues the Financial Science and Technology Development Plan (2019-2021), setting out the direction and priorities of financial science and technology for the next three years.
The financial science and technology base is supported, financial services are more efficient, financial regulation is strengthened, and wind power is enhanced. Planning is expected to further stimulate the flow of demand downstream of financialit, leading to a sustained increase in corporate performance.
\triangleright