The capital market warms up and adds good policy gains, and the business lines are growing robustly.
Events: The company issued its semi-annual performance report for 2019, which achieved operating income of $1.52 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 12 per cent over the same period; achieved a net return profit of $680 million, an increase of 125.9 per cent over the same period; achieved a return on the capital market of non-net gains and financial regulatory gains, with business lines growing robustly in the first half of the year.
(i) Bankit: The market demand for cash management, asset pools and platforms in the trading financial product line is active, with revenue growing by 28.8 per cent in the same year; (ii) brokerit:
uf2.0.0 and the Internet Portfolio Operating Platform for the Corporate Core Trading System, which collaborates on the acquisition of securities, further increases in market occupancy rates; 3) wealthit: winning multiple bank financial subsidiaries, completing head-client cards in the Bank Finance and Financial Services Division system, with an increase of 27.1 per cent in revenue on the same date; 4) managementit: benefiting from the securities market
In the first half of the year, the company moved forward to optimize its business structure, raising the Māori rate to 98%. The cost for the period was 88.8%, up from the same period in 18 years.
3.4 pp grew, mainly because companies increased their R & D inputs and the R & D cost rate increased by 2.7 pp. At the end of the spectrum: gains from changes in fair value for the implementation of new accounting standards increased significantly, while non-net profit growth accelerated in the second quarter.
The company’s non-net profit increased by 14.6 per cent over the year, with the target increasing by 5.3 per cent in the first quarter, and accelerated significantly in the second quarter. • A comprehensive recommendation was made for anonline strategy and a new generation of development platform jres 3.0 was launched.
In May 2019, a new generation of distributed service development platforms, jres3.0powerredbyant, was launched, with a significant increase in the share of new R&D products based on jres3.0 architecture.
For the next three years, the net return profits will remain at a compound growth rate of 33%. Given the fact that short-term policy gains have led to an absolute leader in the securitiesit area, the lines of business are well developed, the stock-it service providers are well-developed, and the industry’s leading markets are far more numerous than competitors.
The product lines cover securities, futures, funds, trusts, insurance, banks, exchanges, private fund-raising, etc. The market for core products is far more than competitor and an absolute leader in the securities industry.
Traditional operations cover the securities segment, and innovative operations are expected to become new performance growth points. The company’s product lines can be divided into two main segments: 1) traditional operations, i.e., applications for financial institutions such as securities, futures, funds, trusts, insurance, including two lines of banking and capital marketit operations, which can be broken down into brokering, etc.
Asset management, wealth management, exchange, etc.) Innovative operations, i.e. cloud computing, Internet, artificial intelligence, e.g. financial information, financial database operations, smart investment consultants, financial cloud operations, etc. 2019h1, the company ' s traditional business income is 1.48 billion yuan, the share of revenue is 81.4 per cent, the share of revenue from innovative business is 280 million yuan and the share of revenue is 15.6 per cent.
The new accounting standards have led to a significant increase in fair value change earnings, and a faster increase in second-quarter non-net profit deductions. Performance has declined significantly as a result of large CMS fines received by the company ' s Homs system.
15.20 billion yuan, a 12 per cent increase in the same year; and 680 million yuan, a 125.9 per cent increase in the same year, a large increase in the net profit from the return was due mainly to a significant increase in the fair value of the financial assets held by companies during the reporting period as a result of the implementation of the accounting standards for new financial instruments.
Figure 5: Net corporate return profits and growth rates in recent years
It is highly relevant, and traditional operations are expected to be equal to or slightly higher than the growth rate in the industry. Assumption 3: Innovative operations (including Internet operations) are gradually completing their previous market diffusion into a smooth growth period, assumption 4: corporate Māori is stable at between 96 and 97 per cent, and growth in technical, financial, and administrative lines is stable.
Cost-control effectiveness is maintained, with cost rates stabilized at around 85% over the period, and net annual returns will maintain a composite growth rate of 33%. Given the growth in performance and long-term online coverage as a result of short-term policy gains, an “uptake” rating is given.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, nor for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.