In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved operating income of $431 million, up from the same period in the previous year.
Wei Hongmei, in the first quarter of 2022, recorded a high growth in corporate revenue collection. (1) In the first quarter of 2022, local outbreaks spread in the country (especially in such important consumer cities as Shanghai, Guangzhou) and generally in the health sector.
Market consumption demand has been contained. With global socio-economic growth slowing down and domestic contagion stubble st 0340121030039 operating, the American-Americans are still able to achieve high-income growth of 66%, with income levels rising by a quarter.
New heights, we judge that it is mainly through the expansion and sinking of the company, with product quality and brand excellence, that performance growth is reversed and corporate resilience is reflected. The demand for medical beauty is spontaneous, and the demand for deferred medical and American consumption will be released in the future as the epidemic improves, and the company’s performance is expected to grow.
The company shows that its star product is still high on April 27, 2022, and that, after six months of promotion, it has received medical treatment as a new product of the company.
There has been a steady increase in sales as a result of widespread recognition by beauty-dressing institutions, the medical community and the beauty-seeker community, and it is expected that the company’s Māori sales rate will rise again in the first quarter of 2022. q1, the company’s sales of Māori roe (tttm) in 2022.
On the cost side, in the first quarter of 2022, the company’s sales cost rate increased by 1.84 percentage points to 1.71 percentage points in the same year, and is expected to be mainly the result of the scale effect of the growth in the size of the company’s income. Overall, the company’s profitability level remains high.
In recent days, the National Drug Control Service has issued an announcement to adjust some of the contents of the Catalogue of Medical Devices, sodium sodium injected with transparent acid solutions such as water light needles, orthopaedics such as burial wires, and general surgical implants.
The tightening of national medical regulations will speed up the process of disciplining the industry and the gradual withdrawal of illegal products from the market, which will facilitate greater market concentration. As a head brand company, Emmett is a ii-type medical device for injections and implants, especially for high-speed devices.
Investments suggest that companies focus on therapeutic products, are domestic acupuncture needles, and enjoy a medical bonus. The company’s medical and beauty pipelines are becoming more and more sophisticated, and the innovation of new paint needles is evident.
It is hoped that it will become a new generation of star products; that it will enter the weight management market in the future, with a high-growth market of less than expected acceptance; and that it will run the risk of renewal. The rating system’s “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.