On April 26, the company published a quarterly report in 2022, which generated revenues of $430 million (+66 per cent) and was returned to the motherland.
Net profits of $280 million (+64%), net non-mortality gains of $266 million (+64%), higher than expected performance growth under the epidemic, and high growth in star products. Companies build differentiated product matrices, product competitiveness and brand influence are growing, and market occupancy and penetration are rising steadily.
Among them, the system displays strong product power and channel recognition, which continues to grow at a high rate; the new product allows fast-disbursing performance after it was marketed last year. As industry regulations tighten, compliance products show advantages, and it is expected that corporate output will continue to be released in the future, leading to rising performance.
The company’s Māori rate is 94.45% in the first quarter, up 1.95pt in the same year, and the net interest rate is 65.03%, up 1.09pt in the same year.
3. "His growth is more than anticipated, making it possible to connect during the day, the cost of company sales will be further reduced, and the overall profitability of the company will be strengthened.
In June 2021, the Americian Growth was approved to take over the market for the regenerative refilling of the glue when it came to the market in July. The company increased its sales costs and invested in the production of the needle during the day in a strong association with quality medical resources.
The purchase of 25% of huonsbio shares, the opening up of overseas shares, the rapid penetration of different types of institutions throughout the country during the day, and the continued rapid release of products in 2022. In addition, water light products are active, as well as meat poisoning and burial at the clinical level.
Products such as wires will also continue to enrich the company’s product matrix, adding new impetus to the growth of performance. There is uncertainty about the evolution of the epidemic; research and development of the product is proceeding at a slower pace than expected; and competition in the market for boulic acid products has increased, resulting in a risk of a decline in net interest rates: market penetration is not as high as expected.