The net profit of the company is 280 million yuan/yoy+64.03 per cent. The net gain is 280 million yuan/yoy+63.5 per cent. \triangleright
Medical devices have risen to the height of 2.5 + q4. The core of current corporate stock prices is the impact of industry policies on the climate + accelerated penetration of core products q1 net profits per year (compared to +18 + 29 + 33 %, respectively), and the “happiness” consumption climate is still relatively high.
The impact of the March epidemic on companies is limited to the logistics level and to regions with higher epidemics, such as the East of China, where the impact is manageable and hopefully marginal. Medical needs will not disappear, and post-epidemic needs will be quickly recovered. At the same time, in May and June, in the summer.
It is a trend to accelerate demand under the catalysts of Liu Wenzheng, holidays, and promotional festivals. Quality of profit is raised again, policies are right for industry and market policies are good for the better.
The Māori Division sales rate is 94.45%/yoy+1.95pt, ring ratio +0.38pt; net sales interest rate is 1. Emmett (300896.sz) in-depth report: Deepness to benefit from planning development and to lead regenerative medicine in the new era of the United States
The product’s hard core logic remains the same, and the product’s compliance regulatory policy will benefit in depth.
The net gain is 117%, the product is expected to be more closely regulated, the only compliant compound solution product in the market, the market prospects are wide, the end price of $12,800 per day, based on new oxygen data, can be higher in a limited number of competitions and lead to greater profits for the institution.
Space, currently accelerating the distribution of non-influenza areas. 2022q1 is a good policy. On 24 January, the consultation paper " Clinics ready for Dragon Head Rapid Approach Management " eased the conditions for doctors to open medical clinics; and on 16 March, Deputy Prime Minister Liu Xun.
4. Ameris reported in 2021: "Hitting to Performance" and hosted the Financial Committee meeting, which noted the importance of market-friendly policies, prudent policy contractions, high growth and sustained certification of high growth.
There has been a tremendous boost in confidence in the market; on April 13, the State Council ' s Standing Meeting noted the promotion of health care, old age, and the 2021 Quarterly Report points: q1 net returns to mothers increased by nearly 300 per cent, and the system grew by more than 300 per cent.
In our opinion: 1. On the fundamentals, with the accompanying accompanying policies for promoting consumption, there is a prospect of significant benefits for health-care consumption without a local outbreak; 2. On the emotional side, there is hope for further erosion.
Market policy concerns will ease the price-pressure factor. The company’s collaboration with huonsbio in Korea, a type of meat, toxic toxins, new adaptive urinary gels, Lilalupe injection fluids, second-generation facial implants, transparent acid enzymes, deoxychotic drugs (fat needles), etc., will also continue to strengthen the company’s light doctor, Mt.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.