I'm going to re-submit the Hong Kong stock listing application for long-term development.
Once again, the application is submitted to the Associated Office, which updates the offer. The application is still subject to approval by the CVM and is heard by the Associated Office.
The company is the largest supplier of transparent quality acid-based skin fillers in China, according to Frost Sullivan, with a market share of 39.2% in sales in 2021. Currently, corporate commercialized products are mainly transparent quality acid.
Skin filler, but with a large stock of research products, the range of applications is significantly expanded to cover a wide range of treatments, soft tissue liftings, dynamic strip treatments, weight management, etc. According to the hiring instructions, products for treatment of backscaling and treatment dynamic stripes are expected to be marketed in 2024, while the rest are expected to be available in 2024.
Clinical trials will be completed around 2025, and commercialization will take place. We believe that the corporate product matrix will continue to be enriched over the next few years, and that the combined competitive advantage will continue to rise.
In the study of product R & D, marketing, etc., listing will be effective in strengthening corporate capital, guaranteeing future development: 1) by reference to last year's company's replenishment and acquisition of huonsbio (licensing the company to inject a type of botulinum toxin product), listing in Hong Kong will expand the company overseas in the future,
In addition, marketing, during the day, the products of paint needles, which were listed in the second half of last year, as well as in the future, will be generated in the process of branding the products of research.
Short-term performance, or exposure to an epidemic, and regulatory additions favour the long-term development of leading firms. 20201 achieves a beautiful performance of $430 million, an increase of 66%, with net profits of 2.8 per cent.
Billions, 64% more than the same year, but the second quarter of the year saw the increase in the impact of the epidemic, the temporary suspension of medical facilities and delays in the delivery of supplies, and the delay in the consumption of medical and aesthetic goods, which affected the company’s performance in the second quarter. Last year, the government increased its regulation of the medical and aesthetic sector, regulating production audits in China and China, and overhauling it.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal customers.
All or part of the report is issued or printed for any purpose.