Quarterly review in 2022: Performance meets expectations, water light research assistant  incident: in the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved operating income of $431 million, an increase of 66.07 per cent over the same period;
Billions of dollars, an increase of 63.52% over the same period. Performance meets expectations. 1 epidemic has had a limited impact, and company performance has grown robustly: since the first quarter of 2022, multiple outbreaks have been repeated throughout the country, particularly in March, when the Shanghai epidemic has had a certain impact on company performance, but the company industry has done so.
Performance continues to grow at a high rate, reflecting the resilience of health-care consumption and corporate performance, and the future of the epidemic is expected to grow. The demand for anti-old age and a young skin has been particularly strong in recent years, the company’s high-tech solution injection product has changed demand, and we recognize that the demand has changed.
For the sustainability of this trend, the life cycle of high body products will be prolonged and the performance of high body products will continue to increase. We estimate that the high body product series still earns more than 70% of the income, that the high neck pin is still a key pillar, and that the high body light needles and panda needles will increase their income.
Marketed and promoted steadily in the second half of 2021, with an estimated sales volume of 2022q1 reaching 20,000  sales and management costs rising and corporate profitability remaining high: with the resumption of marketing activities in the first quarter, increased labour costs, etc., company sales costs of 2022q1 were 12.52 per cent and managed.
At 1.95 pct, 1.09 pct, the profit margin level remains high, and the firm’s size effects are fully reflected. Regulators, such as the new rules for the introduction of water-light needles, are becoming more stringent for licensed products, and companies have increased their long-term performance in research lines and in research and development of certified capacity-protection barriers.
The Catalogue of Classifications announces that water light needles have been classified as iii-type devices. Previously, water needles on the market were dominated by fakes, water products, and the agency's conversion to three categories of licensed arms products would provide incremental space for companies such as “high body water needles” and “winter bubble needles” and show high growth in q1.
In the meantime, the demand for medical and American consumption is high, while home-grown businesses have received fewer approvals, and we believe that companies, with their rich R & D pipelines and proven capabilities, are expected to achieve a sustained and rapid increase in their performance. A type of botulinum toxin, new adaptive urea gels, etc., in collaboration with huonsbio, Korea.
The successful development of products such as Lilalupi injection fluids, second-generation facial implants, transparent acid enzymes, deoxychotic drugs (settler needles), etc., will also continue to strengthen the company’s role as a light doctor’s leader.
: A little over-expected, high and steady during the day. :2021 performance forecast.
"Emerme vs. 2021 performance forecast: Deduction of non-repatriated net profit equal to the profit of the profit."
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board