The Medical Health Research Centre resubmitted its listing application to the Hong Kong stock, and the Global Distribution Strategy moved forward. On 27 June, the company resubmitted its listing application to the Hong Kong Associated Office.
Resubmission of listing applications to Hong Kong’s shareholdings, or further easing of corporate financing constraints. The proposed stock listing will be used to raise funds for incubation of products, the acquisition and purchase of foreign medical products, and the marketing of overseas markets, which will help companies to enrich the product matrix.
The city is expected to further enhance its corporate financing capacity and access to mergers and acquisitions, thereby contributing to the internationalization of companies, maintaining a sustained focus on R & D, and enriching the product matrix to generate sustained growth. According to this offer, the company ' s deoxychotic drugs are currently in the pre-clinical stages of research; Lidoca ' s entinca ' s mammogram has been acquired.
Clinical trials approved: Medically modified transparent sodium acid gels with polyvinyl gel microballs are now in clinical trials. Companies are increasing their research and development efforts, and multi-products are enriching their product matrices, adding new impetus to performance growth.
In view of the long-term development of the medical track, firm performance is more certain. Light medicine is increasingly recognized by the public, the overall penetration rate is increasing, driven by product effects and repurchase practices, and consumer behaviour is not changed by short-term factors such as a local backlash. Companies create differentiated product matrices, competitive products.
The power of competition and branding is growing. Among them, the high-level system displays strong product and channel recognition, maintaining a high growth rate; the company enables the refilling of glue products after being marketed during the day. As industry regulations are tightened, compliance products are becoming more dominant, and companies are expected to be in the future.
We value the company’s core product boom and the new one, which keeps up 22-23 in the daytime. There is uncertainty about the growth of the epidemic; product R & D is not as fast as expected; and competition in the market for boulic acid products is increasing.
yuan_wei@gjzq.com.cn