Shin Yishan Signals, Emmett (300896.sz) re-opening the Hong Kong stock market and enriching the product's long-line strategy.
On June 28, 2022, the company submitted an application for the issuance of foreign shares (h shares) from abroad and applied to be placed on the Hong Kong main board, which expired in February of this year.
Company plans to raise funds for investment, acquisition and licensing arrangements; development and extension of product lines, including, inter alia, plans to invest in or acquire products with skin filler products or pipes, energy source medical beauty or other medical devices; plans to invest in or acquire research and development personnel with a focus on advanced technologies and materials
Upstream companies, etc. If this is a successful landing on the Port Stock Market, the company will be the first “a+h” to be listed on the market: 28 June 2022, the country’s healthcare and US market is growing in scope and the company’s market is very bright.
\triangleright, the size of the domestic medical beauty market was $18.1 billion and is expected to reach $39.98 billion by 2026, and the company is the largest transparent supplier of acid skin fillings in the country, based on sales in 2021, with a market share
Basic data: 31 March 2022, 39.2 per cent; in terms of sales, the company is the second largest supplier of transparent quality acid-based skin fillings in the country, with a market share of 21.3 per cent.
Products (of which 5 are transparent-typing dermal fillings, 1 is based on polyroic acids, 1 is a pppdo-face planting line products) currently account for more than 98 per cent of the Department ' s total revenue for skin filling products based on transparent-typing acids.
Compliance is the path to industry development, drawing on the experience of medically advanced countries like the US, Korea, etc. When the industry has reached its advanced stage, it is bound to face full process regulation, and industry compliance is not without a hindrance.
Instead, it is a catalyst for the continued prosperity of the industry in countries such as the United States and Korea.
In the long run, we have a low penetration rate of medical-American users compared to developed-country medical-American countries, and a sustained growth is expected, and the industry is still on a high-speed track, with a more regulated compliance market that will add to the illegal market.
Zhang Xiaojun, challenges and opportunities coexist, companies disclose long-line business growth strategies.
The purpose of the announcement is to “further enhance the capital strength and overall competitiveness of the company.” This time, the application will disclose the company's business growth strategy, including enhancing the company's influence in the domestic medical beauty market, strategically expanding the product mix, increasing product coverage, and continuously upgrading research and development capabilities and undertaking research and development.
Overseas R & D and co-operation, increased brand visibility, and enhanced marketing capacity. At the same time, companies have revealed that the main drivers of current income growth are a small number of major products that cannot achieve or sustain the expected growth in sales, which could negatively affect the company’s business and business performance.
The company's future performance growth depends on the success of the product under study. The company is updating the product details, and currently there are seven items under study.
In April 2020, the iii clinical period was approved, and it is expected that a new application for a new drug in the research product "Put A Botox" will be submitted to the National Drug Control Service in 2023 and will be published in 2024. The company is expected to submit a request for registration in the study in 2023 for the research product "Medical adaptation of transparent sodium acid gels with polyethylene gels, counting
At the same time, the company has gradually moved from the medical-American industry to the larger health industry, where the genetic re-protein drug under study is a re-organisation of human insulin high blood sugar samples similar to the treatment of diabetes and obesity, and the research and development of this product marks the expansion of the company from a single medical-American industry to the larger health sector.
On 31 \triangleright, the company ' s products were adopted by more than 4400 medical institutions, of which some 4,000 were sold directly through 9 per cent in the south-west, 6 per cent in the north-west and 3 per cent in the north-east.
Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment recommendations: As a share of the medical beauty of the company, the company's existing products are certified by the National Drug and Monitoring Service, the stock of products in research is abundant, the bulk of the single product is marketed, and R & D+ marketing is a shield for performance growth. We continue to look at company compliance with the soluble needle product high, panda needles, panda needles, panda needles, pandas, etc.
The former Hong Kong stock market has grown and the value sheet has warmed up, and the company’s valuations have fallen back over last year’s presentation, and it has been presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.