Emmett's beauty care (300896), performance is rising backwards, focusing on the long-term development of R & D savings, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Summary of performance: companies issued first-quarter reports in 2022, q1 achieved income of $430 million in 2022, compared with +66.1 per cent, net profit of mothers of $280 million, compared with 64 per cent, about $270 million after deduction, compared with 63.5 per cent, and high growth in performance due to the downside of the epidemic.
• The downside of the product is driving up negative performance and the scale effect is increasing profitability. In the first quarter of 2022, the country’s multi-city epidemic broke out, with medical and American consumption in the top two cities such as Shenzhen, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Suzhou, etc., affected by the epidemic, with different levels of containment, with companies earning over 60% of their profits at the end of the situation.
The same growth is expected to result from the expansion of the company’s market channels in recent years, with differentiated products capable of meeting different demand consumers gradually sinking to second- and third-line cities and inland areas. Consider the scale of the benefits from the high volume of Māori products and the rapid expansion of the company’s size.
Sales and management costs have increased, and cash flows have been sufficiently stable. 2022q1 company sales costs are 53.9 million yuan, corresponding to +94.6%; management costs are 21.9 million yuan, corresponding to +85.6%, mainly corporate sales personnel.
With regard to cash flows, the end-of-term monetary funds ($3.290 billion) and the transfer of funds to increase investment in biotechnology, with emphasis on long-term development of research and development savings. Companies have modified the way in which they raise funds on the market, investing in the “Research and Development Centre for the Innovation of Medical Materials and Devices” and in the development of new products.
On the basis of this, the project “Centre for Research and Development in Biotechnology and Device Innovation Project” will be increased. The new project will focus on biotechnology-related R&D directions, the rapid development of biotechnology platforms and the rapid transformation of R&D outcomes. In addition, investment in biotechnology will contribute to enhancing research and development in corporate biotechnology.
In parallel, the research and development costs of 2022q1 companies are 29.1 million yuan, or +24.4 per cent, while the investment in product research and development is further enhanced.
Long, high-scale advantages increase profitability. 44.38% of corporate boom products are expected to maintain high income growth, and the products of the Hive derivatives, Panda needles, and the paint needles, which “make it possible” to become large monolithic during the day, will be rapidly extended to the company belts.
Emmett (300896): Reported overperformance, modeling advantage to double profit quality (2021-08-25), 30 times higher. Keeping the “buy-in” rating in view of the fact that the company is the leader of the medical and beauty industry, performance is growing at a high rate.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.