Resubmitted to Hong Kong stock listings, determined to push for expansion and globalization.
On the evening of 27 June, the company announced that on 27 June 2022, the Hong Kong Associated Office had resubmitted its application for publication, and that on the same day, it had posted on the Hong Kong Associated Office's website an application for publication.
Retailing points of view: The company had previously submitted to Hong Kong on 29 July 2021 an application for listing, but since the audit report expired for six months and the information on the previous listing expired, the company would re-submit the Hong Kong stock listing application and update the information, re-energizing the listing process. We believe that, for the company, listing in the Hong Kong stock would not only help raise market visibility, help with overseas cooperation and marketing of products.
As stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, fund-raising will be used for equity investments, the acquisition of products, research and development teams, and technology, as well as for research on the overseas commercialization of products and related cooperation to expand the global distribution. In general, we believe that the company’s re-opening of its stock represents a company’s long-term growth.
Confidence will also further strengthen the market’s expectations for companies to drive the global medical fabric through extended M&As. (2) Investment proposal: In the short term, demand for final consumption is gradually recovering in the context of the current recovery, in which medical consumption is more rigid, the overall situation is better, medical institutions are gradually increasing their product purchases, and companies are expected to lead the recovery as industry leaders.
In the field of medicine, the ability to operate with a high degree of product awareness and access is expected to remain more resilient. The “heptey” series of product lines will continue to benefit from market visibility and reputation enhancement, and the “silent daytime” is expected to be scaled up throughout the year as a competitive category in the field of regenerative materials.
In the same way, it is hoped that the company will continue to strengthen its product matrix and strengthen corporate barriers to competition. We temporarily maintain the company’s 2022-2024 net profit return and re-submit the Hong Kong stock listings, reflecting the long-term globalization of the market, which, according to the content of the Hong Kong stock offer, will be used for extended mergers and acquisitions, global commercialization, enhancement of the research and development community and marketing.
Team strength, etc., as shown in the table below:
Synergy or complementarity of target investment, acquisition and licensing arrangements Expanding the combination of biopharmaceuticals and chemicals
Investments or acquisitions by upstream and downstream companies in the medical and American industry, including companies with research and development talent or medical beauty training and marketing capabilities Dissolve transparent acids and increase the permeability of subterranean tissue Development and commercialization of research products Development and expansion of product pipelines in China and development of research and commercialization of injection-type a botulinum toxin in research products
Research and development and commercialization of other research products Overseas product development, registration and commercialization of commercial overseas products, such as the planned promotion of our products in South-East Asian markets within five years Industrialization and related cooperation to expand the global landscape of research and development abroad
Local sales and marketing personnel; 100-150 marketing and marketing centres in major cities covered by local sales and marketing personnel in three years
On the basis of operating funds and other general corporate uses, we believe that compliance products are competitively based for upstream medical-American enterprises, with stringent access standards and strong regulations, and that the abundance of corporate product lines and marketing extension capabilities are also important factors in opening up the peer gap. Specifically:
The abundance of product pipelines: the rich product pipelines are the basis on which firms build competitive advantages 1) First, the demand for end medicine is diverse, there is an accessible market space for every segment of the track, and the firm has a rich product line, which means, first of all, that the open track is more abundant and is conducive to a larger scale: 2), and secondly, the current consumption of medicine is often in the form of a mix of products.
For example, photosynthetic needles + meat poisons, urea + meat poisons, combined PVs, and so on. If a medical firm has a wealth of product lines, a combination of use is conducive to further enhancement of brand awareness and end-to-end promotion; 3) future competition in the medical track will become more intense, with the risk of a shorter life cycle for a single product, and rich tube lines will be somewhat resistant to market competitive risks and enhance the integrated competitiveness of the enterprise.
In the process of setting up the product line of the enterprise, on the one hand, through its own R & D inputs, the leading firms that have a certain financial strength because of the time, investment and risk of failure in research and development of medical products, often expand their product lines through extended M & As. From international experience, a review of the history of global M.L.A.'s development is also being built gradually through a proactive outreach acquisition strategy.
A matrix of medical and aesthetic products from surgical surgery, injection to photo-skin type has been developed. Marketing extension capacity: enhanced end-line binding, secure marketing, effective binding with medical and aesthetic institutions: currently, as policy increases enforcement of non-legal beauty, channels speed up clearance and head-line compliance with the United States doctor.
The agency’s market share is expected to increase steadily, and medical and American producers need to strengthen their cooperation with the leading medical and American institutions in order to achieve steady and healthy sales growth and enhance market competitiveness through strong alliances. Returning to the use of American-American fund-raising, companies also mentioned the need to focus on enriching product lines, enhancing marketing channels, etc., which generally reflects the company’s planning and confidence in its own long-term growth, and will further enhance the market’s responsiveness to the market.
Companies have strengthened their confidence in extended M & As and in the global medical fabric. There is much room for rapid growth in US markets, with companies leading the overall industrial competitiveness process, reaching $352.9 billion in 2025. But China’s market penetration in mature US markets, such as the US, Brazil, and South Korea, is still high.
In 2020, the number of therapeutic treatments per 1,000 people in China was about one-fourth in Korea, less than one-second in the United States and Brazil. Figure 3: Number of medical beauty treatments per 1,000 people in major countries (2020)
In the long run, with the rising trend of healthy and beautiful consumption, consumer health-care consumption habits are being accelerated, rising consumption power in the future as young consumers grow, and the rise of sank market-based health-care consumption, while supply-side compliance/multiple supply of products is increasing, with 21 per cent of consumers aged under 19, 37 per cent of consumers aged 20-25, 24 per cent of consumers aged 26-30, and no.
According to the pattern of competition in the market: Emmets’ competitive position as a leader in the industry is increasing. According to frost&sullivan, in 2021, the company was China’s largest supplier of transparent acid skin fillers, with a market share of 39.2% and a second largest industry.
27.5 pct; in 2021, the company was the second largest supplier of transparent acid skin fillers in China, with a market share, from a product line perspective, where the company's “hip” series of products formed a leading market competitiveness in the area of neck stripes and eye week, and where the new regenerative material “silenced” was rapidly released, and when introduced in the second half of 2021, a sales revenue of 60 million was realized throughout the year, and in the first quarter of 2022.
Looking ahead, companies are still rich in research on product lines, including injection of a type-a botine, second-generation planting lines, Lilalupe fluids, etc., in order to enhance overall market competitiveness by using extended extension to further enrich product lines if the market is successfully completed.
In the short term, the demand for final consumption is gradually recovering in the context of the recovery of the current recovery, which is characterized by a more rigid state of consumption and a better overall recovery, as well as a gradual increase in the procurement of products by health-care institutions, with companies, as industry leaders, expected to take the lead in recovery. In the medium and long term, companies rely on the health-care sector.
High product awareness and channel performance are expected to remain more resilient. The high-tech series in the product line will continue to benefit from market visibility and reputational upgrading, and the year-round roll-out is expected to accelerate as a competitive class in the field of regenerative materials. And the company’s resubmission of the Hong Kong stock listing application also highlights its firm resolve to extend and buy abroad and drive the global landscape, and it is hoped that in the future it will do so through internal and external expansion.
Table 3: Comparable corporate profitability projections and valuation The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality through reasonable judgement and conclusion, without any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future