The growth in performance is higher than expected, and the growth of medical champions is more certain than expected, driven by the sale of injectable products centred on the high body, and the growth of corporate performance is higher than expected.
Hi + Daytime drives construction performance growth core. The demand for \triangleright rejuvenation of skin continues to grow, with companies maintaining high body-centred solution injection products.
In the gel business, the company ' s gel products, represented by daytime, continue to rise in terms of security, adding to the company ' s efficient and stable channels for building and developing learning platforms, Li Xing.
The branding influence has led to high levels of Maori and high profitability. 2022q1 Māori rises from 1.95 pct to 94.45 per cent, mainly due to widespread recognition of the safety and effectiveness of the company’s products.
In terms of cost rates, 2022q1 sales costs have the same scale effect, with R & D rates falling by 2.26 to 6.75 per cent; financial costs have been reduced by 1.68 to -2.95 per cent over the same period of year.
In terms of research and development, companies continued to maintain high R & D inputs in 2022, with a 24.40% increase in the same amount of q1 inputs, and new nuclear products “during the day” continued to accelerate market penetration in the first year after approval.
In addition, the company is committed to the expansion of product lines, a type of botulinum toxin, transparent acidase, and accelerator needles, many of which are well under way. In terms of channels, the company’s “predominantly marketed, supported” differentiated business model rapidly expands the market share of its products and continues to improve its marketing network.
"Medical Dragons perform well, the product matrix continues to be complete, the medical industry continues to have a high profile, the corporate product matrix continues to be rich, and the core monolithic is driven by the harvest.
Year 71.32 times more, we've long seen companies focus on innovation in research and development, constantly enriching the product lines, q3 income keeps rising, net interest rates keep rising, long-term competitiveness is expected to increase further, projects are progressing well, and future companies are expected to build.
2021.10 Risk factors: industry policy change risks, product R & D and registration risks, market competition plus \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Li Xing, Master of Financial Studies in Consumer Products at the University of Kyotan, four years of experience in consumer goods industry studies, joined the Sunda Securities in 2020, and engaged in the textile light industry as part of a non-consensual, non-consensual, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.