Introduction of Korean meat products, enrichment of the medical and aesthetic matrix Events: company announcements, signing of a cooperative framework agreement with huonsbp in Korea, engagement of the public department to introduce huonsbp meat products in the form of R & D registers and to serve as a designated distribution area
The import and distribution of botulinum products will enrich the public product matrix and create stronger synergies with existing medical and aesthetic products.
Huonsbp was originally registered as a Korean listed company in Korea.huonsbp has extensive research and development and patent technology experience.
Its botox product hutox was registered in Korea in April 2019, and its name is Liztox in the Korean city of Li Xing. The company held it in June 2021 by way of concession and replenishment.
After this agreement is signed: 1) huonsbp authorizes the company to import, register and distribute 900kda (50u, 100u and 200u) meat and toxin products produced by its research and development in the distribution area. 2) The company is the only and exclusive importer in the distribution area,
Distributors, and undertaking to purchase them exclusively from huonsbp, will not directly or indirectly develop, distribute, manufacture, import, distribute, sell or intend to sell any product that has a competitive relationship or may have a competitive relationship with the product. 3) The company is responsible for representing huonsbp or
Huonsbp designates other third parties to obtain import and sale permits for products under the agreement. 4) The price of the product shall be determined by the parties to the agreement in writing.
The distribution period is 10 years from the date of approval of the nmpa registration, and will be automatically renewed upon expiry, in conjunction with the huonsbp layout of the meat and poison products, and the abundance matrix consolidates the core advantage.
The bp parent company, huonsglobal, is a well-known Korean pharmaceutical and medical equipment company whose main business covers a wide range of health areas, such as drugs, medical devices, beauty products, special medicine, and stars such as the DeMartha Water Light Injector, the Alevea and the Hutox Botox.
The signing of this marketing cooperation agreement will introduce help companies into the overseas variety of biomedical products, enrich the product matrix in the medical and aesthetic sector, and, with the company's strengths in product registration experience and marketing systems, the import and distribution of botulinum products will be coordinated with the company's existing medical equipment products.
A better supply of medical beauty products to meet diversified market demands, further consolidation of the health-care champions' performance, continued completion of the product matrix, performance forecasts that meet expectations, high performances throughout the year.
The potential for low penetration is wide, with a strong coalition sharing the blue sea of the meat market. According to the \triangleright, China’s meat-toxin penetration is much lower than the global mature market, with domestic meat-toxin penetration in 2019.
The company and huonsbp layout will create a stronger pre-emptive advantage in the domestic market for meat products, relying on good company markets.
The extension capacity and institutional cohesiveness of Sinda Securities Inc. is expected to gain further market share.
In Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in the West Side, the 9th House of the City Street, building 1st, the profit forecast and investment rating: the medical industry continues to be high, and the company introduced meat and poison after making the market smooth during the day.
Long-term corporate focus on R & D innovation, keeping up the strategic landscape, enriching the product lines, and increasing long-term competitiveness are expected to increase, in addition to differentiation.
• Risk factors: industry policy change risks, product R & D and registration risks, market competition
Li Xing, Master of Finance, five years of experience in the consumer goods industry, and joining the Sunda securities industry in 2020, will not be relevant, will not be relevant and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.