The county has a strong edge, a strong retail feature, a bank, an agricultural comptoir.
In Chongqing, where the main areas of business are Chongqing, the main areas of business are Chongqing, in which the district focuses on the advantages of business. In Chongqing, the company has established a more advanced market position, being the largest commercial bank in Chongqing, with the local bank holding the loan and total assets.
In 2021, the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party and the State Council issued the Plan for the Construction of the Bi-City Economic Circle of the Chengjing Region.
It is clear that the two-city economic circle of Chengjun is “uniquely and strategically situated in the overall national development landscape.” Chongqing’s economies are large and growing faster, and the economic development base is good, and it is hoped that the next step will benefit further from the creation of the two-city economic circle in the region.
The company focuses on retailing, making clear the strategic orientation of large retail competition, making full use of its advantages in netting, differentializing retail operations, and misaligning competition.
The model of “bank-client” (b2c) has changed to “bank-business-client” (bbc), and the bbc is still highly marketable from financial data. From financial analysis, compared to other listed farmers’ comptoirs: (1) integrated business, with some urban comptoir characteristics,
For example, the ratio of equity investments at the end of the asset is relatively high, and the ratio of finance at the end of the liability is relatively high; (2), however, overall, the characteristics of the company remain strong, i.e., the characteristics of retail sales are prominent. The share of retail loans by the company is in the forefront of the listed farmers’ comptoirs, with the ratio of retail deposits significantly higher than that of other listed farmers’ comptoirs (3).
In terms of the non-performing loan rate, interest rate, overdue rate, “bad/late” and poor production rate, the overall asset quality of the company is lower than that of the listed company and there is still room for improvement. (4) From Roa and Roe, the profitability of the firm is lower than that of the listed comptoir.
The company has a long history of working as a farmer.
In 2003, Chongqing became one of the first pilot provinces and cities to reform rural credit unions in the country. In 2008, the Chongqing Rural Credit Union formed a city-wide integrated corporate rural commercial bank, the Rino Business Bank.
Chongqing Rural Commercial Bank (03618) successfully listed on Hong Kong’s H shareboard, becoming the country’s first listed farmer comptoir, and the west’s first listed bank. In October 2019, Yong Farm Chamber (601077) successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange’s main board, and became the country’s first registered farmer’s comptoir (a+h) and the west’s first (a+h) share.
In Chongqing, especially in Chongqing district, the main business area is Chongqing. (1) According to the number and distribution of business points, by the end of June 2022, the branch office of the Yongqing comptoir covered the entire district of Chongqing and ranked first in Chongqing city.
In the first half of the year, 71 per cent; in the first half of the year, the proportion of loans in the district increased from 45 per cent in 2017 to 50 per cent in the first half of the second half of the year, and as of 22 December 2022, the stockholdings in the company owned more than 5 per cent of the stock had three shareholders, all directly or indirectly affiliated with the Chongqing National Finance Committee.
(a) Regionally, the two-city economic circle of the beneficiary region is built, and its economies are large and have full potential. (1) In terms of economic aggregates, the city of Chengqing and the city of Chongqing are ranked in the top ten cities of China, with Chongqing being ranked fifth in China in 2021, at 2.79 trillion yuan.
In 2021, the Central Government and the State Council issued the Plan for the Construction of the Bi-City Circle of the Chengjing Region, which clearly states that the bi-cities of the Chengjing region “have a unique and important battle in the national development landscape.”
“Build the twin-city economic circle of the Chengqing region into an important economic centre with national influence, a centre for technological innovation, a reformed open new highlands and a place to live of good quality.” Chongqing has a good basis for economic development and is expected to benefit further from the two-city economic circle of the Chengjing region. (1)
Chongqing’s economy is large and growing faster, with Chongqing’s gdp growing by 7.4 per cent annually in 2016-2021, with high-technology manufacturing growing by an average of 17.7 per cent annually; (2) Chongqing’s total fixed-asset investment is large and growing faster. In 2021, Chongqing’s fixed-asset investment amounted to $145.3 billion, ranking first in cities above the national level.
In the industrial structure of the city, automobiles, electronics, equipment manufacturing, materials, biopharmaceuticals, etc., are the backbone of Chongqing City, with a multiplicity of industrial structures. The city has 140 new and specialized “small giants” at the national level, with 62 “small giants” at its top.
Retail has a significant advantage, strengthening technological empowerment Companies focus on retailing, competing in a misalignment Reincarnation comptoirs explicitly position large retail as their core competitiveness strategy.
For the country's leading regional banks, the strategic objective is “business identity, fine management, culture of good business”, the idea of “managing, managing risks, steady development” and the strategic direction of “retail establishment, technological growth, talent enforcement”, with large retail operations as its core competitiveness.
Retail, Micro, Corporate, Inter-Community “Four-Short + Four-wheel-drive” continued to promote high-quality, inclusive growth in agribusiness, sustained financial support for rural revitalization, and sustained support for real economic development. Figure 10: Strategic positioning of Reinforcing Businesses with Large Retail as their core competitiveness
They make full use of their own network layouts to develop retail businesses differently and compete. We have chosen as comparable banks such as Chongqing Bank, Chongqing Three Gorge Bank, Chengdu Bank, Sichuan Bank, and Chengdu Agricultural Chamber of Commerce.
Retail deposits account for 80 per cent of deposits. (2) At the end of the asset, the stock market is dominated by retail loans, which account for 47 per cent of total loans.
Trade unions actively use financial technology to promote digital transformation. Technology empowers them to better serve their clients in business development, such as the “Dialect Bank” services launched by companies, strengthens the capacity-building and landscape application of dialects, drives smart voice tags, upgrades in training integration platforms and constantly improves their identification capabilities.
In addition to business development, the company builds a digital wind control self-closing loop, upgrades the full flow control level on the line, configures four key teams of digital wind control, anti-fraud, decision-making, post-prior lending, model strategy, and forms pre-credit anti-fraud,
"Get out of the network" for credit-wide credit processes such as smart lending decisions, post-lending digital early warning, overdue intelligence alerts, online dispute arbitration, etc. Thanks to financial technology, farmers' comptoirs from the traditional "banktocustomer, b2c)
Change to "bank-business-customer, bbc" to create a bbc financial loop, turning the bank into a platform. The company works to build a bbc eco-financial circle and explores “open banks.”
Housing, recreation, medical nutrition, financial and life-integrated ecclesiastical circles, and “life-along” financial analysis: retail features are still prominent in the lateral comparison of other listed agricultural comptoirs as comparable financial indicators for banks and stockbreeders.
However, as highly home-grown local financial institutions, agricultural comptoirs are closely linked to local economic and financial culture, and there are significant differences in the size of assets, business models, etc. between different agricultural comptoirs, so that horizontal comparisons are not entirely compatible, but still have some reference value.
Assets: Portfolio investment is relatively high, and loans highlight retail characteristics. In terms of interest-producing asset structure, the share of stock equity investment is relatively high, with some urban business characteristics, and we think it is mainly related to the larger size of the company and to a higher degree of business integration.
The company has invested more of its own credit debt, but on a modest scale. In terms of the loan structure, the retailing character of the company remains clear, with retail loans being among the highest in the listed firm.
The share of savings at the end of the liability is relatively low. In terms of the liability structure, the share of savings in the stock market is lower than in the stock market, where only 68% of the savings are in the stock market, where the corporate liability structure is characterized by a certain amount of urban comptoirs, and where the share of financing is relatively high.
The overall asset quality of the company is lower than that of the listed company.
The coverage is well above regulatory requirements and is at the middle level of the listed agricultural comptoirs. Overall, the data on the quality of the company's assets show a general pattern and there is still room for improvement. Figure 25: “Adverse/overdue” of listed agricultural comptoirs in the first half of 2022
Figure 26: Poor productivity of listed farmers ' comptoirs in the first half of 2022.
We assume that the key drivers of corporate profitability growth are as follows: (1) total asset growth: given the central bank’s attempt to match the m2 growth rate with the nominal gdp growth rate, the central bank’s growth rate is as follows:
We expect that the growth rate of total banking assets in the next three years will fluctuate around the nominal gdp growth rate, while the company ' s future (2) net interest differentials: due to the impact of the fall in lpr in the previous period and weak credit demand, there may be significant errors in the bank ' s consolidation at present, and we have a sensitive analysis of net interest differentials in the subsequent text.
(3) Quality of assets: taking into account that macroeconomics are expected to come a long way as the epidemic policy is optimized and the low base is low (4) Others: assuming that future dividends will remain stable without consideration of possible external financing factors.
Given the high volatility of market interest rates and therefore the uncertainty about the projected impact of net interest differentials, we are sensitive to the following: we use both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the reasonable value range of the company; we use the three-stage ddm model for valuation, with the following assumptions:
An analysis of the sensitivity of absolute valuations, which are more sensitive than discount rates and constant growth rates, is presented in the following table.a In the stock market, agricultural comptoirs tend to have a certain premium than other banks, so we are average.
It's a horizontal comparison of all agricultural firms. But, on the one hand, it's very large, and on the other hand, it's mainly owned by the municipality, which is very different from the average, so we think it's more prudent and reasonable to put it together with all listed banks horizontally.
In 2021, Roe, the company's static roe was calculated to have a reasonable value of $4.7-5.6, based on a theoretical valuation of 0.5-0.6 times pb (mrq).
A number of subjective judgements have been included in the calculations based on more hypothetical assumptions, in particular the assumption of a discount rate for companies and the assumption of a sustained growth rate, as well as in the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies: (1) There are a large number of investors in the market and there are differences in the duration of investment by different investors, financial costs, opportunity costs, etc.
To that end, each investor may have its own margin of appreciation for the discount rate, which may result in market-consensual judgements about the value within the company not being consistent with the conclusions we have drawn. We have conducted a sensitivity analysis for this purpose, but the sensitivity analysis does not necessarily fully reflect all investors ' discount rates;
(2) Our assumptions about the company's sustainable growth rate are subjective. We have conducted a sensitivity analysis, but the real situation may fall outside the sensitivity analysis zone: (3) The risk of fluctuations in the overall valuation of the market may not be fully taken into account in relative valuations, i.e. changes in Beta.
There is a risk that the industry as a whole will be undervalued by the current low overall valuation of the bank plate, resulting in undervalued valuations from horizontal comparisons of companies. Uncertainties about the company’s future profitability projections come mainly from two components: one is due to the frequency with which market interest rates change.
The impact of market interest rate fluctuations is compounded by the fact that banks themselves adjust the configuration of their asset liabilities to market interest rate fluctuations in terms of the type, duration, etc., and that, second, the recognition of non-performing loans and the corresponding provisioning have greater room for subjective adjustment by the bank itself, which may lead to a significant difference in the actual situation from our assumptions.
In the case of possible deviations from net interest differentials, we have been preceded by a sensitivity analysis; we have taken cautious assumptions about possible asset-quality deviations. Companies are subject to strict regulation in their industries, and their operations are affected by macroeconomic and monetary policies.
The company’s equity multiplier is high, and there will be short-term liquidity risks in the future if financial management is inadequate. Banks are engaged in high-risk operations, including credit risk, interest rate risk, and liquidity risk.
Changes in the viewing environment and interest rate environment may adversely affect the company’s financial data. Authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party’s approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.