G.E.S. (000651), first covered, on 25th of September 2019, independent of air conditioning.
The company is the leader of the domestic air-conditioning industry and has gradually transitioned to a diversified industrial group.
The company gradually reduces the cost of air conditioning through self-production, gradually developing the upstream self-produced components from gold and spray to compressors of the core air conditioning components. Breaking through to higher-end robotics, digital control machines.a Unit (millions):
The company has gone from “diversification” to “diversification, product diversification” and “diversification along the industry chain” to the current “diversification of the product”, with the share of air conditioners from 2004 to 2004.
98.1 per cent decreased to 77.8 per cent in 2018, while air-conditioning-related spare parts and procurement operations grew to 4.0 per cent and 14.7 per cent.
From 1994 to the present, it has created a unique system of channels through the use of equity bindings in changing factories and business relationships. It has been able to obtain checks and balances through the establishment of its own special stores since 2004.
The system allows the power to obtain the cash flow needed for production ahead of time in the form of low-season payments and a year-end return. As the distribution channel is gradually gaining ground, the power has adopted a “quality power provider” strategy, using alienated products to reach a strategy with online channels like Kyoutong and Ali.
As the air conditioning industry has stabilized, so has the industry, which has contributed most to the growth of the company’s history, and the company’s share. But the markets on the line and below the county level will be protected by the fact that there is still room for growth.
In the traditional area of sales, the impact of the stock cycle will increase. Gorgeous will either keep air conditioning competitive and continue to sustain company growth through research and development, and by expanding diversification.
The air-conditioning market has not grown as expected, the power diversity has not expanded as expected, and there have been changes in retail outlets. 1. Good air-conditioning.
In December of this year, the company was restructured from the air conditioner plant of the Chuhai Economic Special Economic Zone (ZESAR) and the plastics industry company of the CEDE and the Crown England Trade Company of the CEDE. The company was initially based on the production of air conditioners, supported by the production of dry clothing machines, humidifiers and electric fans. After its listing in 1996, the company became increasingly focused on the air conditioner industry, through the expansion of its capacity and self-employment.
According to a report released by the Japan Economic News Agency, the global share of the electric appliances in 2018 was 20.6%, nearly 6 percentage points above the second. The largest shareholder of the electric appliances is now the Chuhaigli Group Ltd., with 18.2% shareholding: the Hong Kong Central Bank.
10.5 per cent share held by limited companies: 8.9 per cent share held by company distributor He Beijing Sea Guaranteed Investment Co. Ltd.: company director and major shareholder Joo Hagrid Group Ltd. issued a public announcement on 9 April 2019 stating that it was to agree to transfer part of the company ' s shares (15.0 per cent of total shares) by means of a public call for the concession, which would take over power appliances for the Grigg Group.
At the time of its listing in 1996, Greco held 72.0% of the shares in the Greco electric appliances through the Joo Hagrid Group Ltd., the Joo Hagrid Realty Company Ltd. and the Pearl Hae-hwa Sound Industries Company Ltd., and went through the 1998 and 2000 stock-sharing, the 2006 stock-sharing reform and the introduction of the Kyoto Guaranteed Investment in 2007
After the opening of the port, the company was favoured by the capital. The shareholding ratio on land was 2.4% reported in 2016. Through autonomous research and development, the air conditioning product has covered 20 major categories, 400 series, and more than 12,700 variety specifications.
At the same time, the company expands to white power, small household power, with a strong brand power. The company now has three major brands: G-power, Tosot, and Jinghiro, which form four pillars of operations: air conditioning, appliances, high-end equipment, and communications equipment.
Since 1993, total corporate business income has increased by 25.8% annually, reaching RMB 200.2 billion in 2018, or 309 times more than in 1993. The air conditioning business has been the cornerstone of the company’s growth, with cagr at 20.0% since 2003 and air conditioning income reaching RMB 1556.8 billion in 2018.
Big and company layout of the upstream parts and components industry, other company-owned operations (a spare parts) and other operations began to shock upstream high-end smart equipment, reaching $3.11 billion in 2018. As the company expands further, air conditioning is at its core, with a more diversified approach along the industry chain and associated home layouts.
From the history of air conditioning in our country, except for the short supply and demand of the 1990s, the air-conditioning industry has been in a state of overcapacity. Price wars have been used by air-conditioning companies at all times as a means of obtaining more market shares. This shows three different trends in the power of the Māori ratio.
The gold period of an air-conditioning industry, although the price of air-conditioning has shown a downward trend (we estimated that the value of the cellular unit fell from $4401 in 1993 to $3452 in 1997), has remained stable. Of course, as a result of increasing competition in the market, the company’s contribution to the cost has fallen from 13.1 per cent in 1997 to a gross sales margin of 13.1 per cent in 1997.
The second stage, from 1998 to 2004, was marked by a steady decline in the prices of corporate products due to intense competition in the industry, while companies consistently increased their capacity and controlled their costs.
The company ' s total air-conditioning capacity reached 8 million units; the total cost of the company fell from 21.0 per cent to 14.1 per cent at this stage. The third phase, from 2004 to the present, involved the company ' s acquisition of the related party ' s spare parts business, and started its own production of the air-conditioning core spare parts. This has led the company to move away from external dependence on the core parts.
There has been a further expansion of divisional capacity and a further increase in corporate market ownership. Companies have gradually gained bargaining power over their products, and the Maori rate has risen from a low position to more than 30 per cent, with net interest rates rising to 13.3 per cent in 2018.
As the country’s retail outlets are gradually liberalized, the corporate marketing model has shifted from the initial door-to-door marketing to the large household model, which has allowed the Ge Li to develop his own channel initially. As competition in the air-conditioning sector has intensified, the Gedit has, in due course, developed the joint agent model to balance the interests of large distributors and develop into the current distribution channel model.
The gradual optimization of the routing model has allowed companies to maintain better cost-control capabilities and to establish a highly controlled distribution network in advance of the joint development of the plant and the business. In the process of increasing the company’s size, external sales of spare parts and the purchase of raw materials have also gradually spread.
In 2018, 14.7 per cent of the company ' s income from other operations and 4.0 per cent from other major businesses, in contrast to the intensified price wars that have taken place since 1994 and which have gradually stagnated in 2004, with the counter-argument of average sales of air conditioners rising from 37.4 per cent in the year to 66.9 per cent in the year 2008.
Along with the increase in market share, the industry’s flagship rates of Maori, roe, roa, etc. have remained stable.
Throughout its history, we believe that its growth benefits from three factors: 1. Growth in expanding industries; 2. Reliable product quality; and 3. Excellent cost control, which keeps companies stable at the same time as revenue collection and Māori increases. At the corporate level, it is the constant innovation and expansion of the company’s marketing network, the company’s growth, and the company’s continued growth.
Production capacity, progressive growth in research and development, and rising corporate internal controls. 2. Branding the market on a large scale with quality has kept our air-conditioning market in excess of capacity due to the large market space and industry’s apparent low-yielding season.
In 1994, for example, producers favoured the industry, increased production capacity, and air conditioners produced more than a million units. In this market environment, with their stringent requirements for quality, the power constantly develops products to meet consumer needs and expands production capacity, branding gradually increases, and the company market grew from 8.5 per cent in 1994 to 8.5 per cent in 1994.
Companies have gone from “diversification” to “diversification, product diversification” and “diversification along the industrial chain” to the current “diversification of the product.” Companies have adhered to a strategy based on air-conditioning, which has been “proven, brand-new, high-scale, world-class” and has been expanding year by year, with a growing product category.
2.2.1 Initial attempts at diversification were made in 1991 when the company was a 3,000-square-metre plant with an annual capacity of 20,000 air-conditioning recruits. The company’s products were also limited to window machines, which produced plastic and gold shells only on their own.
By 1992, when it was marketed, the company’s products covered a variety of items such as air conditioners, humidifiers, dryers, wetters, electric fans, etc. Air conditioning has also covered four major units of air conditioners, windows, mobiles, units and cabinets.
Although the company tried to diversify its product at the beginning of its creation, it was constantly developing innovatively around the core category of air conditioners. In 1993, the company made a breakthrough in the production of the old window machine, promoting the former export product, the “King of Air Conditioners” in the country. The product was much more energy efficient than 3.3, far above the national standard 2.8, with electricity consumption of only 540w; and
The air-conditioning market is still at a high rate (52% in 1990-2000) after the company's listing.
Unlike the competitors who started to choose diversification strategies, the company quickly focused its business on air conditioning, and quickly received the following judgement from the former president of the company, Mr. Chujianghong, about the air conditioning industry: 1. Market capacity is huge, it involves domestic, commercial use, and it can be said that there is a need for air conditioning where people live; 2. Air-conditioning products are of very high quality and have to be written in large hands.
3. Market-based marketing tools, unique service systems, which are not available in a single-man operation, and are not professional. With a variety of strategies for air-conditioning products, and for air-conditioning products themselves, it is not possible to do so in a single-man operation.
The company's capr, 60.1 per cent in 1990-2000, outpaced the industry's 8.1 per cent rate of growth. The company's approach of “better products, brands, sizes, world-class levels” has focused its research and development on energy efficiency, noise, cooling heat capacity and appearance that are directly relevant to consumers and continues to provide high quality to the market.
In 1993, the Queen of Air Conditioning was introduced, in 1996, the company introduced a cooler energy efficiency than it had reached 3.35; while energy efficiency was improved, the noise was reduced to 42 dB; in 2007, noise was reduced to 21 dB and the heat effect of the product was increased by 30%; and in 2012, the power had reduced noise to 18 dB and was able to achieve -30 to 54 dW.
Refrigeration heating range; energy efficiency of company products in 2018 compared to 4.8 and continued to lead industry development in energy efficiency, noise, beauty, etc. Figure 18: Increased energy efficiency in air conditioning, reduced noise and increased heat cooling capacity
The diversification of air-conditioning products has provided a powerful boost to corporate growth. Corporate air-conditioning products have grown from the original six windows to the current 20 major categories of 400 series, with more than 12,700 varieties, covering various areas such as domestic air-conditioning, commercial air-conditioning, refrigeration equipment, nuclear power air-conditioning, orbital traffic air-conditioning, and photovoltaic air-conditioning.
2.2.3 The self-production of spare parts has led to a diversification of the product mix, while focusing on the diversification of air-conditioning products, the company has achieved the self-production of spare parts to a high-end crossing through a diversified layout of components along the industrial chain.
The construction of production lines for products such as machines has led to an increase in the company’s self-sufficiency rate, which has grown from year to year, with the company expanding its own spare parts to core air-conditioning components such as compressors, paint blankets, electric machines, and capacitors.
In 2013, the company challenged high-end industrial products such as digitally controlled machines, robotics, after completing the layout of the components.
At present, the company has the production capacity of 50 million compressors, 70 million electric machines, 120,000 tons of paint wrapping lines and 600,000 km of electronic wires, and has deployed high-end equipment, mainly smart equipment, digital machine beds, sophisticated molds, robotics, precision casting equipment, etc., at four major production bases and three major R & D centres.
In 2014, the company set up the Department of Industrial Products, which is responsible for marketing compressors, caibang power generators, New dollar electronics, power electricians, and automation equipment. The company’s other main business (equipments) and other operations began a new growth cycle in 2014.
2.2 The growth of capacity and the creation of cost advantages in the mooring of the city's river have stabilized since 2003, and the company has entered a moderate and rising phase of Maori productivity. We believe that this is the period when the growing production capacity and the gradual self-production of core parts compressors, electric machines, etc.
The price of raw materials surged during the period 2003-2008, and we used 2002 as the base year, based on the cost composition in the statement of the company’s shareholdings. After 2008, the market structure stabilized, and the company moved into the Māori rate uplifting phase, where it produced capacity.
From a cost point of view, after a brief decline in 2009, the cost of raw materials rose rapidly to an all-time high in 2011, up 67 per cent from the 2002 cumulative rate, followed by lower costs. This led to a return to water from 2004 to 2008, after having risen to 24.7 per cent in 2009.
Ping, who subsequently benefited from increased productive capacity and cost inputs, increased the Māori rate from 36.1 per cent in 2014 to 71.9 per cent here at $3154.0; and the M.E.K.G. retail price increased from $2944.0 in June 2009 to figure 29: the price of the G.E. is rising steadily
In terms of capacity alone, the growth of the company has brought about two changes: 1. Production capacity has gradually expanded. The company has also gone through three stages in response to changes in its profits.
In the second phase, between 2003 and 2014, the company began to expand off-site and set up a fully equipped plant in the form of a production base, with the company's air conditioning capacity accompanying it.
The output of spare parts is gradually becoming self-productive, increasing from 1.3 million in 2003 to 30 million in 2013. The third phase is from 2014 to the present, with the company gradually expanding to refrigerators, washing machines, and life after rapid expansion of air conditioning capacity.
The company now produces 62 million domestic air-conditioning units, 7 million commercial air-conditioning units, 50 million compressors, 70 million electric power units, etc. 2. Productions along major consumer areas were distributed. In 2010, the company sold mainly in the regions of China, China, South and China.
The ratio is 31.2 per cent, 13.7 per cent and 8.3 per cent, respectively, and nearly 8 per cent each in the south-west and north-west of China. Overall, the distribution area is concentrated east of the Hu Xuan line and removed from the north-east at high latitudes.
Subsequently, in 2006, the company opened its base and officially entered the main marketing area of East China. During 2010-2014, the company built a base of Luoyang, Lake Luang, Wuhan, Shijia and Changsha, with full capacity and capacity, and now has 14 production bases and well-developed home appliances.
Upstream production plants and accompanied workshops such as gold, two-piece tubeways, controllers, etc., also provide sound supply chain support for the expansion of industries such as refrigerators, washing machines, etc., while improving the production of air conditioners.
The company has now developed autonomous production capacity from the purchase of raw materials to the production of spare parts to the production of air-conditioning, increasing the level of Maori for air-conditioning products through the self-production of core components such as compressors; and obtaining external sales of raw materials and spare parts through the spillover of economies of scale, which continuously concentrates supply chain benefits on their own.
Figure 35: Companies have gradually achieved a fully developed autonomous production capacity 2.3 with the quality of R & D trees and the branding of quality The continuous R & D of companies provides an inexhaustible incentive for corporate quality upgrading and product diversification.
Sustained R & D investment has enabled companies to set consumer demand-oriented business standards that are higher than national and international standards.
Glycere 1 Hezz frequency transfer technology received the National Science and Technology Progress Award; the project “Systems and Equipment for the Efficient Integration of Cold and Heated Constructions in the Summer and Winter Winter Areas” received the Second National Technology Innovation Award for 2013 and the National Science and Technology Progress Award for 2015 based on the “building of an autonomous innovation engineering system based on mastery of core science and technology”, in addition to 33 companies
The project was incorporated into the national science and technology plan project. Table 12: Grea is included in the national science and technology plan (iii) Project Certificate of the 2008 National Torch Plan - Development of FACs based on sine driven
gmv-rh300w/na thermal recovery digital multi-associated air conditioning unit Table 13: Gravity in National Science and Technology Plan (IV) National Golden Sun Project
10 megawatts of solar engineering 2012 Information and industrialization depth integration special glyceral precision information integration system
Integrated Standardisation of Smart Manufacturing and New Model Application Project 2016
Factor games are a permanent topic of company business, and the competing positions between the two make it possible to divide the ownership of interests and the sharing of obligations within the chain. Sales channels require the integration of the movement of goods, the organization of people, the return of funds, and the transmission of information, while factories and businesses, as two major nodes of the chain, are in the network.
Benefits and obligations are played out, and powerful parties can obtain excess benefits and transfer obligations by extending the time they pay, shortening the time they charge to access the flow of funds in the chain, transferring sales staffing to vulnerable parties. The five channel models changed between 1992 and 2003 compared with the power of both parties.
Directly linked, and in the process closely linked, to the growth and decline of different channels. 3.1 Up until 1994, when air conditioning prices were high, they remained among the luxury goods, and users were concentrated in the tob field.
Collectives, agencies, industrial and mining enterprises and the tertiary sector are the main client groups, accounting for 70% of the total. At the same time, as retail channels are still developing in the early stages of the country, the main channels are controlled by the local department stores, which have led to the marketing of products for extension.
In order to avoid the financial deterioration of the public sector, the current chairman of the company, Ms. Dong Myeong Joo, insisted on the principle of “payment before delivery” and sold his products by binding large households, selling $16 million in lightland in 1992 and $50 million in Nanjing in 1993.
In 1994, 160 million yuan was sold in Jiangsu, representing 20 per cent of the annual sales of GEM. This principle has been incorporated into the operation of GEM, and continues to this day, but at the time, high performance incentives and a single-handed promotion model allowed companies to maintain this model.
In 1994, the company reduced the percentage of individuals from 0.66 to 0.28 to 0.38 per cent, and shortly after the saleer's “collective resignation.” This became the company's model from promotion to large household model.
With the rise of our sales channels and the requirements of the air-conditioning household attributes for installation levels, the region’s large households have emerged. This phase of the company’s incentives to large households through end-of-year returns and the first low-season returns have led to a large household model.
Vendors can be profitable; 2. With Jiangsu Su-quint as a model; 3. Low-season returns have the innovative advantage of a system that allows competitors to be financially secure for long-term growth. The apparent low-season differences in air conditioners, through lower-season returns, have led to a more stable corporate recovery and a problem of insufficient cash flow in the low-season period.
Figure 40: Low-season returns have made corporate revenue fluctuations more smoother and Figure 41: Low-season returns have changed the problem of low-season cash flows.
The negative effects of the large household model are also evident in the growing power of channels. First, large households are looking for surprises to come back, to give in to consumers, to operate for no profit, and companies are trying to block prices. Second, when they grow up, large households are putting their interests at risk, and there are cyberwarfares in the region and small businesses are closing down.
In this context, Grigori has begun the initial regulation of channels. Table 15: The large household model allows companies to grow rapidly, the large household model.
1. Increased brand power, increased client recognition, advantage 2, the role of Jiangsu-san as a model for large households, and the advantages of institutional innovation
1. Too much hope for surprise returns, self-serving for consumers, self-sustainability, corporate price control efforts to be lost, large-scale threats to the interests of manufacturers, high-cost, low-selling, run-off, small-scale businesses closed down, and how to safeguard consumer services
(b) How to safeguard the interests of second-tier distributors. 3.3 The post-larger model of “Developing large, balance large households”. After the rise of the large household model, three issues are directly before the power: 1. How to safeguard services to consumers; 2.
How to safeguard the interests of second-tier distributors; 3. How to safeguard the long-term benefits of a power appliance.
Table 16: Reciprocal household models are beginning to balance large households 1 - Local agency system, 3 - 5 distributors in provincial capitals and 1 - 2 distributors in medium-sized cities
Accomplishing the year-end return policy, providing incentives for distributors to increase sales of GLACs, providing strong support to distributors, facilitating marketing services, advertising campaigns, after-sales services, raising visibility and reputation, safeguarding distributor interests in multiple ways, market coordination, price coordination. Barcodes prevent cross-regional sales.
1. Large-scale competition for third-tier distributors, competition for client friction (hacking, price pressure), small-area agents as counter-producers, and how to prevent regional run-off
In order to prevent regional trafficking, the company introduced a bar code management system in 1996.
However, the “backward house model” is coming to an end because of imbalances in the interests of distributors. Competition among regional distributors is inevitable, and they usually use price-pressure techniques to compete for customers, but this is bound to disrupt the price system in the region.
3.4 The co-agents resolved regional disputes in 1996, when the four air-conditioning wholesalers in the north of the lake started to compete against each other for lower prices and to run over goods, and the gruel price system was disrupted, and the interests of merchants and manufacturers were affected.
The joint agent model opens up a unique and professional marketing path through a single channel, a unified network, a unified market, and a unified service.
Table 17: Joint agent model to resolve regional disputes through equity 1 Joint agent phase 1 to create common interests to stop internal wear and tear
2. Effective use and upgrading of existing distribution networks 3 , sales companies dare to invest in the future of the brand 4 , sales companies are the only source of exports and policymakers 4
One or two level-II distributors do not receive a reasonable return, there are zero batches, and the distributors use the GEM network to start a different stove.
The sales company is responsible for monitoring the local market, regulating the price system and the channel of entry, and distributing the product to the next level of distributors at a uniform price.
The Mäori ratio of provincial sales companies can generally be as high as 10% at the left level: local municipal wholesalers also form the corresponding joint venture, which is responsible for the sale of the Göring Air Conditioners in the region in which they are located, but in which they do not have a stake.
Retailers: The joint venture sales sub-company is responsible for supplying the retailer in the region, and retailers appear to have little say in this model and have a lower Maori rate.
Promotion: Greco is responsible for advertising and promotional activities throughout the country, local advertising and promotional activities, as well as shop surface renovations, are carried out by a joint venture sales company, which makes recommendations only for branding.
Distribution: Distribution is entirely the responsibility of the joint venture, which designates wholesale and retail prices, with a division of labour between the channels and strict compliance by the lower distributors, with no need for excessive scrutiny in logistics and transactions.
After-sales services are carried out and managed by the joint venture, which supervises their implementation through self-constructed or signed agreements with third-party service companies.
The joint agent model still fails to solve two problems: 1. Overprofits by self-government, with second-tier distributors receiving no reasonable return; 2. Using the power system as an “in vitro cycle” for competing products. In 2000, the power began to apply a “vertical reward” to second-tier dealers to eliminate the impact of a “zero-down” but with limited results.
In 2001, Grigori established the “Energical Power Marketing Company of Lake North” to replace the Huckbei Gold Marketing Department, and Grigori started moving from a joint agent model to a professional agent model.
The professional agent model, which is the second-tier regulatory body with the equivalent of the power, is responsible for monitoring local markets, regulating the price system, as well as the channels of entry, and distributing the product to the next level of distributors at a uniform price.
Table 19: Professional agent model to balance interests of manufacturers
1. Long-lived brand life, mutual trust between manufacturers, no more than five local major distributors, no more than 70 per cent of the value of a brand.
1. Short decision-making chain, quick response 2, flexible price adjustment, autonomy in advertising 3, grouping of ideas, motivation
3. 3.6 With professional representation at its core, and with constant change and regional distribution and professional representation models, it is essential that the rights and interests of regional sales companies are built into the market.
But at this point, the nation’s electricity chain has grown. As a result of the country’s long-term and high-cost accounts, the power of the chain is increasingly in conflict with the country’s links, and there were “American events” that affected the country in 2004.
After being cleared, Grigori began to build its own channels through the establishment of a special store. By establishing the principles of connectivity, unity, and relevance, it has built thousands of stores throughout the country over a number of years.
More than 10,000 special stores. As the retail industry evolved, Género gradually adjusted the company and the retail channels. Figure 44: After the “American” incident, firms accelerated the construction of the special stores, and in terms of turnover, the company’s inventory and accounts payable days were in two shapes, before and after 2000.
The historical peak (up to 130.8 days for inventory turnover in 1999 and 196.3 days for accounts payable in 2002) has gradually declined and stabilized, while accounts receivable have been shown to be year by year during periods of intense competition in the industry, accompanied by continuous innovation in the products and channels of power appliances, and a gradual improvement in the corporate internal control system in 1994.
For the first time in the year, the company introduced a “goods strategy”, using the best international air conditioning as a catch-up target, using air conditioning as “precision, strength, power.” To that end, the company set up a qc team to exercise scientific and effective control over the various elements that may affect product quality.
The quality of the guaranteed product was stable throughout the process. As the main spare parts were procured externally, the company set up a screening division of more than 300 people to screen the essential parts for each and every one of them before they were assembled on the line. At the same time, in an effort to enforce strict staff compliance with the protocol, Mr. Chujianghong proposed a “12 injunction for the general manager”, with the exception of the violator, without giving reasons.
In 1994, as the company developed, it continued to improve its internal control system. In 2003, the six Sigma management level was gradually improved: a three-pronged system was introduced in 2005: a quality management model focusing on preventive management was established in 2007 and a quality management model was established.
Quality assurance system at the sub-plant level: complete refined management in 2009: corporate-wide internal control system established in 2012. By 2018, the company fully implemented the perfect quality assurance model for pqam, and the internal control system gradually built up 5.1 historical valuations and stock price trends
From historical data, the relationship between corporate stock prices and valuations can be divided into three parts, the first being from listing until the end of 2004, where the firm ' s valuation points have gradually risen, revenue and profits have increased steadily, as a result of relatively stable net profit growth due to higher growth rates.
Quick, and therefore the valuation continues to decline, and the stock price is inconsistent with the valuation; from late 2014 to the present, the third part of the stock price is that, in view of the change in historical harvests, the decline in the rate of growth will result in a constant decline in the value of the stock price. The growth of the power has been accompanied by doubts about the size of the industry ceiling, and the company’s valuation has been constrained as a result.
Although the coastal and first-line urban air-conditioning rates are already high, as residents aspire to a better life, the air-conditioning market will continue to expand at a higher level and with a multi-platform trend, and companies will continue to enjoy the peak overgrowth.
In our view, the growth factors of the company in the past are four: 1. The industry is growing. The air-conditioning industry is benefiting from rising incomes and rising demand. The average household air-conditioning capacity rose from 0.3 units per 100 households in 1990 to 128.6 units per 100 households in 2017.
Households, 24.6 per cent; industry output increased from 220,000 to 204.86 million in 2018. Figure 59: Residential air-conditioning holdings up from year to year, but rural areas still have space. Figure 60: Industry output gradually increases.
2. The company ' s market share has been increasing. As industry space has grown, the company ' s market share has been expanding by expanding its productive capacity and its network of good channels. 3. The cost of corporate products has been decreasing.
The cost of a company ' s products is gradually decreasing. According to our calculations, the cost of a power single air conditioner fell from $3462.6 in 1993 to $1835.2 in 2018, a decrease of 47.0 per cent.
At the point of growth, the share of the company ' s spare parts and raw materials sales grew from 0.0% in 2004 to 2018, with the gradual maturity of the air-conditioning industry and changes in the company ' s future growth factors.
There are 128.6 units per 100 households, but only 52.6 units per 100 households are in rural areas, and there are still significant gaps. In April 2019, the Commission issued a letter seeking advice on the implementation of the Programme for the Promotion of the Development of the Environment (2019-2020) by Promoting the Development of Automobiles, Households, Consumers and Electronic Products for New Consumption and Heating (2019-2020).
This may lead to an increase in household electricity consumption in rural areas. At the same time, as a result of the population’s energy-saving awareness and industry documentation, changing frequency air conditioning will also be a major trend.
According to industry online data, the output of variable frequency air conditioners in industry in 2018 was 42.3 per cent higher than in 2013 Greco invested in Steward Thai technology (880 million of the Stewards in Fertilizers, 2.11 billion of the Stewards in Kim Tai's new registered capital, 2.11 billion of the Stewards in the Wood, with a limited partnership share, direct ownership of Steward Thai technology 2.94, and Steward Thai Stewardship stock 7.6 per cent)
Seal shares (currently 10.4%), Xinjiang and (4.5872 million shares) maintain control over the cost of core parts (semiconductors, compressors, high-pressure material). 2. Continue to diversify. We believe that, while maintaining the core competitiveness of the air-conditioning industry, the power will also continue through industry.
The air-conditioning market has not grown as fast as is expected. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report in a diligent and professional manner, and in an independent and objective manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.