Corporate review study — Real estate industry, 2004, 2021.
The company published its annual report for 2020. During the reporting period, the company achieved business income of $243.1 billion, an increase of 3.04 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $28.95 billion, Wang Qiuqian
Our analysis and judgment: (i) a small increase in revenue, a slight decline in the Māori rate and a steady release of performance The company achieved business income of $243.1 billion in 2020, an increase of 3.04 per cent over the same period; the company achieved a return
Net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $28.95 billion, an increase of 3.54 per cent over the previous year, during which the firm gradually entered the settlement period, bringing down the overall profit margin level; 0.7 pcc increase in the three rates for the year-on-year; 15.3 per cent decrease in turnover taxes and surcharges; and significant increase in net investment returns from increased cooperative projects
In terms of sales, the company contracted $50,285 billion for the year 2020, a year-on-year increase of 74 per cent for the second-line cities and 75 per cent for the 38 core cities.
In Shanghai, Hangzhou, Nanjing, and Beijing, more than 10 billion people have achieved significant growth in priority cities. In the field of land, the company has been active in using the window period and increasing its capacity. 146 projects have been expanded throughout the year, with a capacity of 3.86 million.
In the second half of 2020, the land market as a whole became more rational, and the company seized the market window period and concentrated its efforts to access land resources, which accounted for 65% of the total year-long investment in the second half of the year. By the end of 2020, the company was working on the resources.
17,096 million square metres, of which 38 core cities accounted for 65 per cent; the area to be developed was 7,747 million square metres; (iii) the three-track red line was secure and the debt structure was significantly optimized; the combined cost of interest-bearing liabilities was only 4.77 per cent, a reduction of 0.18 percentage points from the same period, with the continued presence of in-house leaders.
The debt structure of the Viet Nam is conducive to the acquisition of more profitable resources and the construction of a lead advantage by companies under new financing regulations and land concentration mechanisms. (iv) The growing size of the two-wing business and the continuous upgrading of branding power
In 2020, the firm’s top ten companies were ranked third in the upper 10 rankings, and the company’s management ranked first, with a brand value of over $12 billion. The rich and well-sold unsold resources will also provide a more definite growth for the industry.
In 2020, there were 20 new sign-off shopping centres with 26 large-scale purchases opened at the end of the reporting period, with 1.78 million square metres in 14 cities, including Guangzhou, Shanghai, Wuhan, and the growing market competitiveness of the new company ' s properties in hotel management, sales agents, and real estate finance.
The company has a strong stock of unsold and unsold resources and a high level of security of performance; the land reserves are large enough to ensure rapid growth over the next 2-3 years. A new round of supply-side reforms in the industry is expected to reduce the downward trend in the industry, with the level of profits from the leading firms expected to rise back.
Strong sales and a more positive attitude, with a strong background that allows companies to gain more resources and leverage. We expect a dynamic market surplus of 5.6 times and five times, respectively. Based on the fundamentals of corporate stability, we value the company’s long-term performance, maintaining the growth rate of Paulie’s real estate revenues and the same rate of growth.
Figure 2: Net profit and increase in year-to-year return on property of Pauly; Figure 3: Māori rate, rates and net interest rate on sales of property of Pauly; Figure 4: Liability and total asset turnover on property of Pauly
Figure 5: I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
So far, the Institute has been mainly involved in research in the real estate sector and in the chain of related upstream and downstream industries.