In recent years, Paulie announced its performance in 2020, bringing total operating income to $243.21 billion, a year-on-year increase.
The company is a large group of firms focused on real estate development and marketing, with national-level real estate development qualifications.
This is an increase of 3.5%. Let's take a look at the company's business.
The carry-over ratio of land-carrying to surface-carrying is declining, but the investment revenue recognized for the carry-over of non-scheduled items is a value concept that covers the main economic circles of the Pearl Triangle, the Long Triangle, the Ring Sea, the Centre and the South-West.
There has been a surge in profits and a steady increase in net profit margins. The local ratio (local/sale prices) of settlement projects has risen to 28.7 per cent in 2020, while the pre-tax Māori ratio has declined relatively, taking into account tax increases and tax increases, thereby slightly increasing the financial cost of the company. Sales and management fees reflect the ability of the company to manage its costs.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: The rate of use is the same as in the collection and sales. In terms of return on investment, a large number of non-compromise items are entering the settlement period, the return on investment increases and the net return on investment is realized at $6.14 billion for the year.
The net profit rate of the company is 16.5%, an increase of 0.55 pct over the same year. The equity ratio has declined throughout the year, and the net profit rate of the company is almost equal. We expect that the company’s profitability will continue to follow the fall of the big market, largely because of price-limit policies prevailing in the second-line cities.
Companies insist on a layout strategy based on core cities and priority urban clusters that coincides with the trend of urbanization and does not sell average prices or will increase. We believe that future urbanization will be directed towards a greater concentration of people into cities, thus generating a convergence of services and technology industries that will underpin the structural transformation of the economy.
The year was more focused on 38 core second-line cities, with 83% of the new land being located in 38 core cities, with hundreds of millions of squares and soil reserves of good quality, providing a solid basis for potential high growth.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Paulie Real Estate (600048): Investment levels rise without fear of competition, with low capital costs constituting the moat, a drop in the share ratio and an increase in the investment budget that is evidence of each other, or an increase in the company’s confidence in active access to resources. Although the second-line land market is hot or will be maintained, the company is prepared to do so.
Current bank end funds are tight, but the company is very well-funded and has worked for years in the core cities, and development and mortgage funds are relatively secure, with a comparative advantage over most private sector firms. The combined cost of the company’s interest-bearing liabilities is only about 4.77%, a decrease of 0.18 pct compared to the industry. We believe that the company’s very low cost of capital is the company’s profit.
Capacity assurance is strong, because it depends on long-term strong majority credit. We expect policies to remain solid and tight on real-estate finance, while home firms, out of their pursuit and borrowing of land, will not weaken their financial needs, add to individual credit risk events, and the overall cost of capital will be up in 2021.
There are many overlaps between the 22 first- or second-line cities. We believe that companies are in the vanguard of a slightly crowded market, regardless of whether the premium rate for 22 cities falls.
Profit projections and investment ratings: We believe that the company’s earth reserves are in line with urbanization trends, focusing on the core of 38 cities, and are well-stocked, and that the advantages of financing as a leading home company are evident. We expect the company to return to its mother-to-child net profits in 2021-2023 at $30.730 billion, $34.18 billion, $39.6 billion, or $2.6, 2.9 and 3.3, respectively.
A source of wealth and wisdom in the East, a source of wealth and wealth in the East, a source of wealth and prosperity in the East, a source of investment without fear of competition.
Liam, Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, Cambridge University, England. Years of experience in banking, research assistant in gold securities, seaton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Co. reported that the increase in investment levels was unsuspectingly competitive, and the low cost of capital constituted the moat.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.