In 2020, Paulie's development sales went through 500 billion yuan, and sales grew steadily. The investment ratio for land investment was 0.93 and the investment was higher than in 2019.
The overall financial situation is relatively sound in the green zone. First, sales performance has increased steadily, with the effects of deep urban farming evidently.
8.88% longer. The sales growth rate was 3409.19 million in 2019. From the point of view of deep farming, companies ranked first in 16 cities, first in 39 cities, third in 2020. Single cities signed more than 10 billion cities.
Two more than in 2019, with a combined sales contribution of over $270 billion, the impact of deep farming in core areas and cities has been significant.
In 2020, Paulie developed an additional reserve building area of approximately 31.86 million square metres, < < < < rain > > > , < rhinyxy (microsign)
The annual premium on company expansion is only 13%, below the industry average, and the investment is relatively robust overall.
Thirty-eight core cities grew by 83 per cent a year, up 4 percentage points a year. 38 core cities accounted for 65 per cent; 77.47 million square metres of them were to be developed.
eziochou (micro signal) can meet the company’s development needs for two to three years, and the company’s land reserves are excellent and abundant.3649% of revenue from three or two wings of operations has increased, and the level of profitability in property management is still to be raised
As the business model for the two-wing business matures, the income from the two-wing business also grows rapidly. In 2020, the marketized revenues for the two-wing business amounted to $15,432 million, an increase of 36.49 per cent over the same period.
In 2020, the gross profit rate in the industry was 18.7 per cent, down 1.6 percentage points from 2019, the overall gross profit rate was lower than the average for listed companies, and the profit rate was lower.
In 2020, Paulie achieved a gross operating income of $243.208 million, compared to the previous year, resulting in a substantial increase in the company's land cost.
The combined cost of the company’s interest-bearing liabilities is only about 4.77%, a decrease of 0.18 percentage points, and the cost advantage of financing continues.
The amount of the cash bonus as a share of the net profits of the shareholders in the consolidated statement belonging to the general stock of the listed company has fallen to 30.18%, which is a new low since 2018. We believe that the reduction in the share of the company is mainly due to risk prevention and failure.
In the long term, the company will benefit from a sound growth of its financial needs. In 2020, Paulie was able to expand its sales to 500 billion yuan, and its sales performance grew steadily.
The three red lines are green, and the overall financial position is relatively robust. First, sales are growing steadily, and the impact of deep-farming in cities is significant. From the point of view of urban capacity, sales in the first and second-line cities were 74% higher in 2020.
From a perspective, companies ranked first in 16 cities and third in 39 cities in 2020. Single cities signed over 10 billion cities, two more than in 2019, making a combined sales contribution of over $270 billion.
Second, steady investment, with core urban growth rising to 83 per cent. In 2020, Paulie developed an additional reserve of 3,186 million square metres, with a sales ratio of 0.93 and a higher investment rate.
In 2019 (the sales ratio was 0.86), the overall investment was slightly higher, and the overall investment was relatively robust. The concentration of resources affected the year 2020, when the third and fourth quarter expansion accounted for 65 per cent of total investment. The annual corporate growth premium was only 13 per cent, while the Paulie development continued to feed “centres + urban clusters”, with 38 core cities growing 83 per cent, compared to 83 per cent.
In terms of regional distribution, according to the information monitored by the billion-Han think tank, the land acquired by Paulie for development is mainly located in the Pearl Triangle and the Ring Sea, accounting for 38.87% and 25.20% of the land received. Of these, Guangzhou, Fuoshan, Dalian, and the three cities where companies are most involved, companies account for 38.20% and 25.20%, respectively.
Of the total equity investment, 9.46 per cent, 6.76 per cent and 5.60 per cent, 7,747 million square metres remain to be developed to meet the company ' s development needs for two to three years, and the company ' s land reserves are high and abundant.
In addition to a strong commitment to the dominant sector of good real estate development, Pavli Development has been actively focusing on real estate investment development, and has been active in developing and nurturing the real estate chain of operations, with sustained growth in the two-wing industry based on a coordinated approach. As the business model for two-wing operations matures, revenues from both-wing operations have also grown rapidly.
The company’s two-wing operations include property management, construction, decoration, hotels, exhibitions, design fees, rentals, etc.
Millions of square metres, the top of the listed property company. The contract area reached 567 million square metres, an increase of 13.9 per cent in size compared to the previous year, but there is still room for a higher level of profitability in the industry from the point of view of profit quality. In 2020, the Poly property industry had a gross profit rate of 18.7 per cent, a decline of 1.6 percentage points from 2019, and the overall gross profit rate was lower than that of the listed property company.
Average. Among them, the company ' s community value-added services, driven by a low Māori rate of emerging business beauty, retail sales, and a steady growth in business income, which dropped to three years of low dividends. In 2020, Paulie achieved a gross operating income of $243.208 billion, an increase of 3.06 per cent compared to 3.06 per cent.
In 2020, the company continued to optimize its asset and liability structure and enhance its resilience to risk. In terms of the three red lines: the corporate asset and liability lines are green, and the overall financial position is more robust. In terms of financing costs, in the context of the declining cost of financing publicly listed housing enterprises, it is estimated that the cost of financing will be higher.
In terms of dividends, the company decided to find a gold dividend of $7.30 per 10 shares (including taxes) and cash dividends as a share of the consolidated net profits attributable to ordinary shareholders of listed companies fell to 30.18 per cent in the statement, which is a new low since 2018. According to the Shareholder Return Plan 2021-2023, the annual cash dividends of the next three years of the development were attributed to the listed company for the same year.
In the long term, the firm ' s sound development will be facilitated mainly by considerations of risk prevention and future business finance needs.Chart: Data on the relevant indicators reported annually by the Pauly Development Report. Net liability ratio = (interest-bearing liabilities - monetary funds)/net assets;
Short-cash debt ratio (lax) = monetary funds/short-term interest-bearing liabilities; the present report is based on publicly available information considered reliable by the HMK, including, but not limited to, a wide range of channels such as corporate publicity, home management website, Internet access, but HMK does not guarantee the complete accuracy and completeness of the information contained
Complete. For reasons of time and calibre, the content referred to in this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, for which the hundreds of millions of Han think tanks are subject to change without special notice. The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to the business situation.
An opinion does not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual. Any body or individual should consider whether any of the observations or recommendations in this report is in its particular state and, if necessary, should seek expert advice. The information, tools, opinions contained in this report and the property rights in this report are in the possession of the Ghim think tank. A body or person other than the Ghren think tank transmits or quotes any part of this report.