The reported excess performance, with downstream demand holding on to short-term disturbances, net operating cash flows of $1,746 million, a significant improvement over the same period last year - $845 million; q2 single quarter revenue of $4.97 billion, +15.2 per cent, net profit of the mother of $739 million, +28.8 per cent gross;
According to the National Energy Agency, 123.5gw, compared to 27.1% in the same year, was added to the national light-voltage machine in 2024m1-7; according to eia, 2024h1 United States.
The increase in light-voltage units in China and the United States was slower than in the same period last year, the demand for them was much lower than the increase in capacity, and the photo-voltaic capacity was still severely overstretched. The photo-voltage main chain was under pressure to disturb the market for light glass in the short term. Ifind data, as of the end of August 2024.
Photovoltaic glass business stock has reached 35.8 days, the highest level since 2023; photovoltaic glass has continued to decline since the beginning of July, with 105,000 tons of melting. Industry start-up rates and capacity utilization rates have been different. Downstream demand has deteriorated, the supply and demand patterns of photovoltaic glass have deteriorated, and industry enterprises have generally adopted cold fixation or
We believe that the recent reboot of photovoltaic glass will continue for some time, with short-term volume pressure on both ends. The lower prices of raw materials will increase profitability, and the high-quality production profile will remain low in the industry.
In the first half of the year, the company earned $9,659 million, +9.9 per cent, while the price of primary raw materials, pure alkaline and natural gas, remained low, so that in the first half of the year, the rate of gross glass operations was 24.7 per cent and in the same year + 4.7 pcts.
In terms of capacity, by the end of June, the company’s total capacity stood at 23,000 tonnes per day, of which 2,600 tonnes were in a state of cold repair, and the planned additional projects, both domestic and foreign, were in a state of normal progress and remained robust. At the same time, the total capacity for cold production had exceeded 10,000 tonnes, with some of the new investment projects being suspended.
Compared to the company’s current production line, the cost and stability of large kilns in the 1,000-ton class and above are more favourable than 90%. The company is expected to further consolidate the industry’s leading edge and increase the resilience of the photovoltaic sector.
In summary, we believe that the company is expected to show a positive and steady trend and adjust the company's quarterly reports: performance meets expectations, industry tops tops tops tops tops.
“Buy-in” ratings are maintained. Xiaoming Air Securities Ltd. Macroeconomics are depressed, demand is not as high as expected, raw material prices are volatile; domestic policy changes are taking place; companies are productive.
FLET (601865) 2023q3 rating: q3 outperforms expectations and higher demand for lower-cost overlays
Performance pressure is clear, and the expected profits from demand ups and ups are as follows: 22,024h1 returns (billions) and 52,024h1 returns.
Figure 720241H1 photoglass revenue over 90% (billion yuan)
Figure 10,2024q2 shows an increase in the number of days spent starting the photovoltaic glass industry at the end of the year (days). Figure 11,2024m1-7 China's photovoltaic additional loaders exceed 120gw (gw) firearms, steel, etc., have conducted in-depth research on technology and periodicity, continued in-depth research in the areas of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics and automation, and established a “China's manufacturing investment cycle” research framework.
The team focused on research in the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium and storage energy, with limited energy devoted to serving more primary and secondary markets where the needs of the country are met, the industry is flourishing and the people have faith, without which it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in the present report. This report has been prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended for or for any dispatch, release, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the public or resident in any area, country, or other area under its jurisdiction in which it is available or used to cause China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations, or to subject the Chinese securities to the law or regulation. The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the Chinese securities unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.