Fullet (601865.sh), Fret Glass (6865.hk) q2 significant improvement in profitability, q3 output reduction plus
Quick, supply and demand pressure are expected to ease.
The impact of the decline in production and the decline in glass unit prices.q2 Māori rate of 26.45%, an increase of 6.5 pct for the same year, 2. "Freight's 24-year performance rating of accelerated profitability is expected to be over-predictable.
There has been a significant increase in the same ring ratio; net interest rate of 14.92 per cent and ring rate of 1.7 pct, a slight delay in the delivery of q2 due to the fact that the FLEC q3 performance was over-expected profit, cash flow ring ratio inventory, fixed asset impairment of 0.12 million yuan.
The overseas productivity premium is clear, and profitability is much higher than domestic: Viet Nam’s affiliates earned $1.14 billion in real revenue in the first half of the year, net profits of $320 million, net interest rates of 28%, and profitability is much higher than domestic capacity.
The impact of trade sanctions, but due to the tight supply of and demand for photovoltaic glass from overseas and the still demand for excavated glass from India, the United States, etc., we expect excess gains from overseas capacity, which have continued to decline in recent years, and subsequent supply and demand pressures are expected to ease: from the end of March.
Newly lit glass has more capacity, adding to the impact of the recent decline in the output of the components, resulting in a high short-term supply and demand of glass with a high level of excess supply and demand, and a growing number of production lines under high stock and profit pressure, starting with cold cuts. According to Drogen, the industry has been in cold/cuts since the beginning of July.
With glass production reaching 8,300 tons per day, we expect that the potential for the planned new fires will continue to delay the start-up and that, as the subsequent industrial emissions return, short-term profitability projections, valuations and ratings will be expected.
Based on the company’s latest cooling and expansion plan, the company’s 2024-2026 net profit was adjusted to maintain a “buy-in” rating. Rough glass demand grew less than expected; the company’s capacity was not built as fast as expected; and the costs were high.
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Analysis of the rates of the reports in the market.