The first half of the year saw a steady increase in performance, a positive shift in cash inflows into business activities and an improvement in earnings in the second quarter. During the first half of 2024, companies achieved $10,696 million in revenue, an increase of 10.51 per cent over the same period; and a return to the motherland was achieved.
This is an increase of 38.37 per cent. 2024h1, the company ' s increased capacity for light-voltage glass, increased sales, reduced the cost of overlaying parts of raw materials and energy, increased the company ' s gross domestic product rate by 4.66 pct to a substantial increase in cash received for the provision of labour, resulting in an increase in cash inflows for business activities. 2024q2, public
In January-July 2024, we recorded an increase of 123.5gw, or 27.1 per cent, based on the same trend of faster growth.
cpia, a global photovoltaic addition of about 390gw in 2023, an increase of 69.6 per cent over the same year, is expected to reach 430gw in the current year, an increase of 10.3 per cent over the same year, as a necessary supplement for photovoltaic components, with the rapid increase in demand over the past few years, the production power of photovoltaic glass peaked in 2022.
In the first half of the year, the capacity of photovoltaic glass production continued to increase, and the price of 2.0 mm glass has fallen by more than 20% since the last three quarters. Some of the smaller light glass businesses are now experiencing the effects of falling prices.
By the end of August, the industry had had more than 10,000 tonnes of cold-repair capacity, several new investment projects in photovoltaic glass had been terminated or postponed, and the supply and demand structure of the industry had gradually improved.
In the company’s existing production lines, large kilns are more than 90% large kilns at the level of 1,000 tons and above, with more stable combustion and temperatures within the kilns, lower single consumption, and higher completion rates.
On the basis of the size of the kiln, the company will take ownership of the development of large kilns, and the break-up of the technological bottlenecks in the kilns will further reduce costs and consolidate the competitive advantage in the photovoltaic glass industry. The company will have a significant size advantage, with extensive and stable customer resources.
High thresholds, scale production can improve product production and output efficiency, and effectively reduce unit production costs. Companies rely on stable and good marketing channels to achieve a larger business scale, with a prominent industry.
Based on a value-for-money advantage, large photovoltaic component firms rely mainly on imports for domestic purchases and have established good cooperative relationships with companies. Because photovoltaic units require certification by authorities in exporting countries, they take a long time,
As a result, once the photovoltaic industry has successfully entered the list of qualified suppliers of large photovoltaic components, the partnership has been stable and sustained. As a result of recent years, companies have established stable marketing channels and established long-term partnerships with a number of leading photovoltaic component tapsters around the world.
Investment proposals: based on the customer base, size, resource advantages and technical advantages of the company, there are reports that “positive” investors are only suitable for use of research reports with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” levels, that “radical” investors are suitable for use of the various risk levels of our division, and that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively known.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.