Performance meets expectations, building the base of the ai innovation event: 3-quarter report of 2024 issued by Podang Holdings on 30 October 2024, the first 3 quarters of 2024.
Deduction of net profit of $1.928 billion, i.e. +8.89 per cent. Of this amount, q3 quarter yields $10.360 billion \triangleright, q3 quarter returns $10.360 billion, i.e. +16.14 per cent; net return to the mother
\triangleright achieved a significant increase in both the net profit return and the non-net profit ring ratio, and we believe that it was mainly in the second half of the year that the company was large, with its traditional client season leading to an increase in the overall yield rate.
1. In-depth report: Build an endaai innovation, slp accelerates. \triangleright in the context of innovation in arithmetic-related products and end-side related products
The market size of the pcb sector has continued to grow, with a total production value of $73.026 billion in 2024 for the pcb sector, an increase of 5.0 per cent. In the area of telecommunications and consumer electronics, companies have seized market opportunities from the end-of-the-end products and increased R & D innovation + pre-positioning of relevant technology for the i-related products.
Thailand’s capacity has accelerated, and the server + car contribution has increased. In the new product, the company is actively taking advantage of the ai service.
\triangleright and smart car innovations. In the vehicle area, the 24h1 company radar algorithms and autopilot control plate products have been growing in volume, and the products have been working with a number of domestic Tire1 manufacturers, while at the same time gaining international access.
In the area of servers, thanks to a significant increase in the volume of goods delivered by the service providers, a significant increase in the production of 24H1-related business products, the company actively seized opportunities for the market development of the service providers and, on the one hand, facilitated cooperation between the Xiao An Park and the large domestic and international server plants.
Clients are entering the certification, testing and sample stages, and in addition, the company is accelerating the construction of the Thai park to access the ai server products of more head customers. 26/19/17 times the current price, the company maintains a "recommended" for pcb taps and depths.a
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.