Camp 2024q3 with a double increase in the ring, multi-field layout, combined power, punctuation (002938.sz) November 04, 2024
• The company 2024q3 registered a double gain on the same ring, the profitability ring was repaired, and a “buy-in” rating was maintained. The company issued its three-quarters report in 2024, with the company 2024q1-q3 achieving business income of $23.487 billion, i.e. +14.82 per cent; the mother's net profit of $1.974 billion, i.e. +7.05 per cent; the non-mother's net profit of $1.929 billion, i.e., the net profit of $1.929 billion.
The electronics pcb industry leads the deep-benefit consumer electronics sector to a one-size-fits-all recovery, and we are doing a lot of work in a variety of areas to strengthen the basis for future growth: the company captures the market opportunities offered by the ai end product, increases research and development innovation, and makes it relevant in advance.
Technology layouts, companies’ demand for production of high-level hdi and slp products from the ai-related products, have accelerated the promotion of the high-level hdi and slp printed circuit board extension project in the 3nd Precinct of Huai An. In the area of vehicle products development: in the first half of 2024, company radar algorithms and autopilot control board products continued to grow in volume.
The product has worked with a number of domestic Tire1 manufacturers and has been certified by an international Tire1 client and is expected to start producing goods in the second half of the year.
In the first half of 2024, the company saw a remarkable growth in its business-related products, and the company actively seized the opportunity presented by the company ' s Hdi and slp-Info Update Report, which, on the one hand, promotes cooperation between the Xiao An Park and domestic and foreign servers, with a number of new customers now developing.
Entering the certification, testing, and sample phase, on the other hand, in the direction of top-level server products, with the consumer electronics sector gradually recovering, company performance, and fast-tracking the construction of the Thai park. Of this, the company’s Thailand Park Plan invested $250 million in phase I, estimated at 2025
The product is a new engine, a company's update.