The three-quarterly report shows up, and the one-year-old pcb industry continues to make a good case report on the incident of Ping Dynasty (002938.sz.) The three-quarter report of 2024 was released by Ping Dynasty in the third quarter of 2024.
Current operating income of $23,487 million, an increase of 14.82 per cent over the same period; performance of hepc@cfsc.com.cn 24q3 was bright and profitability increased simultaneously
Year q3 achieved a Māori sales rate of 23.62 per cent and a ring rise of 8.14 pct; ai enabling electronics industry, high-end pcb market space opened, industry-level recovery of consumer electronics led to a return of pcb industry in 2024
Warm. In the field of electronics, the ai enabling consumption, which has given an unprecedented impetus to innovation in the industry, and the development of arithmetic-related products and end-side ai, will further create a continuing catalytic effect for the pcb industry.
The total output was $73.026 billion, an increase of 5.0 per cent over the year, and the 2028 pcb industry would reach $90.4 billion. At the same time, the trend in end-products, such as ai cellular phones, aipc, ai servers and folders, has been growing in the pcb industry.
Add new power. From a upstream pcb point of view, the acceleration of the ai terminal is on the ground for 1 and Ping Consort (002938); the performance requirements of the ai cell phone processor are increased accordingly, driving pcb to high quality, high speed and high speed.
Catalysing high-end pcb release, full-scale pcb accuracy, heat evasiveness, and fine circuits. Because of the need for a better endai, the product one-stop service platform is expected to take the lead.
Benevolence 2024-08-16 is a great calculator, and the main board will use a slp of 18 to 20 floors higher in value. At the same time, high-endai mobile phones have increased sensors, complicated circuits and more sophisticated circuits.
The use of fpc is also expected to increase. Apple leads the global trend of innovation in the pcb industry, and the iPhone 17 series is expected to launch super thin machine-type new products and more fully reflect the application of the ecosystem.
The market’s demand for pcb will be further upgraded, and the slp board and lighter pcb products are expected to open up to development opportunities. In addition, in the area of servers, the demand for high-end pcb markets is further boosted by the continued growth in the volume of ai service delivery.
They believe that, in the context of the big trend in the one-enabling electronics industry, the value of pcb and the ability to expand production to embrace the one-day era with a high-end pcb solution provider have the strength to provide a full range of pcb products and solutions for different clients.
Strength, building a one-stop service platform for the full range of pcb products, the main pcb products can be divided into communication panels, consumer electronic panels, automobiles and server panels depending on the type of product: fpc, sma, etc.
Slp, hdi, miniled, rpcb, rigidflex, etc... The minimum aperture of the printed circuit board product produced by the company can be up to 0.025 mm, the minimum linear width can be up to 0.020 mm, the touch pressure fpc module, dynamic bend fpc
Modules, hyper-sized fpc components, high-speed low-defpc modules, low-orbit satellites, new folding screen panels, high-speed ai mainframes and ultra-intelligent machines have all achieved high-end pcb product process development and industrialization.
Power. In terms of capacity-building, Campus 3 is aimed primarily at high-level hdi and slp products. Of this, a total investment of $4.2 billion is expected in the first phase of Campus 3, with the first line completed and operational in 2023, and the entire campus will be completed in 2027.
Yes; Taiwan Takahashi Park has invested $2.739 billion in the first phase to position higher-end soft-board products that respond to the changes in the ai, and will be operational in 2025; Thailand Park will invest $250 million in the first phase, mainly in automobiles and server products, and will be invested in 2025
On the client side, the company’s clients are mainly offshore firms, mainly leading international firms such as Apple, Nokia, Motorola, Sony Ericsson, etc.
Increased global macroeconomic volatility; less than expected recovery in the consumer electronics sector; exchange rate volatility risk; increased friction in international trade; shortages of raw materials and energy; and electronic communication cluster
Mao Jianxin: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of work experience in American semiconductor companies, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in Ko Yonghau, 2018-2020: Doctor of Physics, University of Gangdan, successively in China Tech Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate
Ludjoyang: Master of Arts at the National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng Seok, four years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Shuu: Bachelor of Science in International Political Economics, University of Haya padada, and Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, 2023, who joined China to reflect his research views.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.