The development of the ai has become the engine of a new technological revolution, accelerating with the growth of the ai products from the clouds to the ends.
On the one hand, the market for related pcb products led by the one server is growing rapidly. The most dynamic areas for future pcb applications are growing. At the same time, the requirements for pcb are higher with the improvement of the performance of the one service provider, which is expected to increase significantly the responsiveness of the hdi product.
On the other hand, since 2024, major brand manufacturers have introduced products such as pc and mobile phones, which have a merit. As a year of aipc and ai cellular development in 2024, technology development is still in its infancy, but it is expected to continue with mobile phones and pc.
The clinker market injects an innovation boom, resulting in an overall increase in sales. And, with the evolving functionality and technology of the product, it is also expected to lead to technological upgrading and innovation of electronic components, with pcb products upgrading to high-quality, low-depletion, high-dispersive, fine-lined products.
The company has always focused on the development of high-level products, the active layout, the development of technologies with potential for future markets, and the occupation of technological highlands for the development of the ai industry. In a new wave of ai development, smartphones and consumer electronics have recovered and expanded their market share.
For communication boards (mainly smartphones) and consumer electronics and computer panels, the highest/lowest prices in the next 52 weeks have had a greater impact on company performance.
The company's operations were under considerable pressure. In 2024, consumer electronics showed a certain recovery. Meanwhile, after eight consecutive quarters of decline, the pc-represented US Port Industries Ltd.
Consumer e-markets are finally warming again, growing for two consecutive quarters. In this context, only enterprises that have combined technological, managerial and financial advantages can respond effectively to industrial volatility and growth in adversity.
(b) The data used in the present report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek to be independent, objective and fair.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.