The September harvest briefing is expected to grow steadily, with the end-of-the-pipe power of one million yuan, 5.12 per cent higher than the combined operating income of the same period last year. The company reported in mid-2024 that 2,024h1 had earned $13,126 billion, an increase of 13.79 per cent, compared with the net return to the mother.
In the wake of a new wave of warming in the electronics sector and the technological revolution represented by the one, companies have taken advantage of the opportunities for business development in a timely manner and have achieved steady growth in operating income. By product, in the first half of 2024, the company’s telecommunications board generated $8,730 million, a 3.68 per cent increase over the previous year;
(b) The company's revenue from the sale of automobiles and server products was $430 million, an increase of 94.31 per cent over the previous year.
Total equity/flow (billion shares) on the other hand, companies pre-prepared for production during the second half of the year, with total market value/flow (billion yuan) over time, R & D, etc.
In response to the market situation of downstream products, companies have adopted proactive and flexible market development strategies, taking advantage of their technology and size, to step up the market share of corporate products in high-end pcb markets. In the first half of 2024, brands and brands were added.
The launch of the ai end product, represented by aai cell phone and aipc, the booming mobile market, and the arrival of a new round of industrial innovation are expected to bring new growth momentum to industry development.
Product production needs, company acceleration of the production of high-level hdi and slp printed circuit boards in the 3rd Precinct of LeAnn, expansion project. To date, phase I of the project has been put into production, phase II is in the process of being accelerated, and it is expected that the company ' s market in the high-level hdi and slp product areas will be further upgraded once the project is completed
At the same time, the company actively grasps the market demand for pcb from the rapid development of the ai server and the smart car. In the area of the development of vehicle products, in the first half of 2024, the company's radar operators cooperated with the international Tier1 client certification, which is expected to open in the second half of the year.
In the area of servers, there has been a significant increase in the volume of goods delivered by the one server, and in the first half of 2024, the company has grown significantly in terms of the company's business-related products, and the company has actively seized the opportunity of the development of the one server market and, on the one hand, has promoted cooperation between the Xiao An Park and the large domestic and international server plants, with a number of new customers.
On the other hand, the process of building a park in Thailand has been accelerated in the direction of a top-level server product.
7th floor, 2nd floor, 2nd floor, 2nd wing, 9th North Street, Beijing, and 10th floor, 10th floor, National Open Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City, 1904th floor, 19th floor, New World Center, East and Lotus Road, Fuda District, Shenzhen City.
988 São Fong Square, downtown Guangzhou Avenue.
The company ' s unified social credit code is: 91530007,57165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.