3rd quarter bright, looking forward to the aiphone machine cycle Investment rating: Increase (maintain) 31st October 2024, Pond Holdings Bulletin, 3rd quarter 2024, first three seasons of the company
Realization of business income of $23.490 billion, an increase of 14.8 per cent in the same year, net profit of $1.970 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 7.1 per cent in the same year, net profit of $1.93 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 8.9 per cent in the same year, corresponding to revenues of $10.36 billion in the first quarter of 3q24, an increase of 16.1 per cent in the same period.
60.9 per cent over 60.9 per cent and 1.19 billion yuan in single-quarter net return to the mother, 15.3 per cent over the same period, $1.17 billion in single-season non-mother ' s net profit, 13.7 per cent over the same period
After the Māori rate fluctuated, the company ' s Māori rate gradually returned to normal; in terms of the cost of the period, 3q24 million yuan per quarter, an increase of $210 million over the same period, mainly from R&D costs of about $110 million, financial costs of about $200 million, and management costs of about $70 million.
The financial costs have increased substantially, but the size of the company’s income has expanded to counter the effects of the exchange rate. If the impact of the exchange rate is excluded, we believe that the company’s actual performance is at this point, and we think we can look forward to next year’s iphone series of appearances updating the +ai system.
A double-crossing innovation cycle. Reviewing the two large design language changes in the iPhone past, no super-machine cycles — iPhone6 and iPhone12:1) iPhone6 was released in September 2014 as an apple's first-generation round-angle design machine, and pushed.
On a big screen version of Plus, sales outpaced 100 million (counterpoints) six months after the sale. Apple ' s iPhone business revenue for fiscal year 2015 was $155.0 billion, a significant 52% increase over the same year. (Apple money year from early October to the end of September)
2 iPhone 12 was released in October 2020 and the side design reverted to the straight angle and was the first to support the iPhone type of 5g with a sales breakthrough of 100 million units in April 2021, which was almost equal to US$ 1 billion, a significant increase of 39 per cent over the same period.
The design language of iPhone17 is expected to be re-emerged, or a lighter machine will be introduced, the new paragraph recognition is expected to increase, and changes in design will also bring about changes in the internal stacking structure, which will facilitate innovation in the parts and components chain, and we believe that we can look forward positively to next year's holding of the i.e. next year.
Steady ahead, with a new opportunity at the end of the border. iPhone 17 kicks off the supercycle, leading to the growth of soft-line links. 2. Consumer electronic recovery, where one leads to new demand for pcb
We maintain the forward profit forecast, with a projected net return profit for the period 2024-2026 expected to be less than expected, respectively; increased competition in the market; and less than expected progress by large clients, with eight years of buyer investment experience, such as the Ministry of Investment of the Bolt Foundation.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of such information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.