The new product of mobile phone customers is expected to rise, and the new product of mobile phones is expected to rise.
The second highest in the same period of the year (after 4,335 million yuan in September 2022), with 10,361 million yuan in 24q3 pontoons. According to a survey of investors in August 2024, in the second half of the year, the company ' s traditional productive season was usually more than 90 per cent productive: the company ' s production lines are now full, with new customers in the second half of the year.
The company’s profitability is expected to return to a good level. In September 2024, the firm was the final controlling party for the dotted stock, with approximately 93.81% of its revenue coming from the dots (the exchange rate is 1 renminbi = 4.5213 new currency), while the rest comes mainly from the dot semiconductor (the main product).
For enveloped base panels) and for advanced communications (the main product is high-speed operating circuit boards, high-frequency microwave circuit boards and high-power panels).
In addition, it has expressed its active involvement in the development of new products for the global front-line customers of various types of ai terminal devices, including new and recent displays of avr devices, smart glasses and aarglasses, all of which are the main suppliers of related pcb, and will drive the pcb product as the design of various ai terminal devices becomes more complex.
The Sun Peak has deepened the competitive advantage of mobile phones and electricity removal products and has accelerated the expansion of the automobile and server markets.
A small number of large, specialized manufacturers with various types of pcb products, designs, manufactures, sales and services on a global scale, with a range of major products including fpc, sma, slp, hdi, miniled, rpcb,
According to Prismark, the company was ranked as the world’s largest producer of pcb for seven years in a row from 2017 to 2023.
The minimum aperture of a printed circuit board product produced by the company can reach 0.025 mm and a minimum linear width of 0.020 mm, and the main dot holding stock: pcb is focused on the development of high-grade products, and the depth of the power-producing product board has been upgraded to levels above 16~20l.
The main downstream applications of company products are smartphones and consumer electronics; 24h1 telecommunications panels and consumer panels account for more than 96% of the company's overall revenue.
Ping Dynasty Holdings: Growth of the ring in July, creation of a full range of opportunities, increased innovation in research and development, early deployment of relevant technology, high-level hdi bitpcb one-stop service platform for ai-related products - Joaquin securities-electronic-pene
As of 24h1, the first phase of the project was in production, the second phase was in the process of accelerating construction, and it is expected that the Ping Dynasty Control Unit: 24q2 battalion is expected to increase by more than 30%.
Once this is done, the company’s market share in high-level hdi and slp products will be further enhanced. In 2024, the wave’s dominant advantage was highlighted by the Chinese securities-electronic-pod control, and in September, China launched its first global three-fold screen phone, breaking the boundaries of smart terminal forms and folding the mobile phone market.
Keeping the heat up, pushing up fpc and slp demand. Ponds have better technology in folding terminal equipment. Pods control: ai technology revolution & car trilogy, shaping pcb accumulation, especially in dynamic simulations, testing, applied research and industrial development, is now home-grown.
In the new product area, companies are also actively managing the market for the fast-growing pcb of i servers and smart cars.
In the area of product development for vehicle use, in the first half of 2024, the company's radar algorithms and autopilot domain control products continued to grow in volume, and the products in question have been working with a number of domestic Tire1 manufacturers, and have been certified by international Tire1 clients and are expected to start producing goods in the second half of the year. In the area of servers, they have benefited from the benefits.
There has been a significant increase in the volume of goods delivered by the one server, and in the first half of 2024 there has been a remarkable growth in the company's business-related products, and the company has actively seized the opportunity of the development of the one server market, both by promoting cooperation between the Huai An Park area and large domestic and international server plants, and by now many new customers are entering the certification, testing and sample stages, and by doing so to provide the highest-level services.
In Thailand’s park, an important location for the company’s South-East Asia, plans to invest $250 million in high-level server/car-borne/light communication-related applications to provide a test product, and a small 25h2 volume. In January 2024, the company won an amd “partnerexportlaward.”
The new wave of rotations, while accelerating the expansion of the automobile and server markets and the momentum for growth, reflects the recognition by key clients of the technical strength and quality of the company’s ai-type products.
Maintain the “additional-a” rating.