The company is in the first class of domestic bond dealers, with a number of key business indicators standing at the top of the top ten in a row for many years.
The company owns a full business license, forming a market-based □ operating mechanism with securities at its core, across the country and beyond. The company has no shareholders and actual controllers, and the equity structure is more stable.
The power structure provides firm guarantees for a firm corporate governance structure, and the company’s market-based operating mechanisms are put in place over the long term to improve the efficiency of the company’s implementation. At the same time, the firm’s highly stable and low loss rate enhances the stability and continuity of its operations.
□ Investing in business: stock financing booms. Corporate equity financing is strong, with 20 ipos completed in the first half of the year, ranked first in the industry, both in volume and in the amount of the principal charge. Companies, building on the strengths of small and medium-sized enterprises, increase their development of large clients.
In terms of the stock of projects, the company is well-stocked and ranked third in the list of securities. □ Wealth management: dynamic Internet finance.
In science and technology finance, companies continue to take the lead. Sustained investment, active expansion of the financial research and development team, and increased technological innovation in the direction of big data, artificial intelligence, platforming, etc.
Corporate governance is at the forefront of the industry. By its size, the firm’s proactive management of business is strong, with the second largest industry, and is expected to minimize the negative impact of the new regulations.
In 2017, the company rating was raised from bbb to aa, contributing to the start and drop of the company's innovative business, and the valuation was at the bottom level. The company was given an “enhanced” rating.
1.1 Large and powerful bond dealers Widely issued securities were established in 1991 as the country's first consolidated securities firm, which landed in 2010 and 2015 on a and h shares and was the third “a+h” to market.
Quality SMEs and wealthy people provide diversified services to meet the diversified needs of their customers. Companies are part of the first class of domestic bonds, with a number of key business indicators, such as total assets, net assets, net capital, operating income and net profits, ranking among the top ten coupons for many years.
Net capital, net profits are ranked 4th, 5th, 4th, 3rd in the industry, and capital power and profitability are consistently ahead of the domestic securities industry. Companies have full business license plates and have developed relatively evenly across major operations, which are 4.29% lower than at the end of 2016.
The total volume has increased steadily. The company has 264 existing stock exchanges, which have achieved full coverage in 31 provincial and municipal autonomous regions of the country, and is ranked seventh in the list of securities dealers.
The number of domestic businesses, the number of securities dealers, the number of businesses listed in 2017h, forms the structure of a financial holding group.
The company has a full business license, a financial control group structure, with securities as its core, and with cross-border operations.
Shareholders and the Guangdong Equity Centre (with the first largest shareholder) are also actively developing financial leases, ppps, and qdlp. Strong capital, full business plates, excellent business capabilities make companies competitive. Companies have no shareholders and actual owners.
A diversified equity structure provides firm guarantees for a firm corporate governance structure, and a company’s market-based functioning mechanism can be put in place over the long term to improve the efficiency of the company’s performance. The company’s operating team is highly stable and the loss rate is low.
The active separation rate of the senior management team in the company was around 1 per cent a year, increasing the stability of operations, continuous 2 business studies: traditional and new business side by side The company's main business is divided into four segments: investment banking, wealth management, transactions and corporate customer clothing
Companies are traditional stockbrokers, with diversified income structures. Brokering is gradually declining, investing, managing as much as rising, investing in larger and larger capital, with a more balanced business structure.
From the point of view of the concentration of the industry, the market share of the top 10 franchise carriers has been gradually rising since 2015, from half of the river to two-thirds of the market share.
The company’s portfolio consists mainly of equity, debt financing, and financial consultancy. As a result of refinancing and the introduction of new rules, there have been structural changes in the equity financing market, with new stock issuances becoming normal.
Corporate equity financing is strong, with a total of 20 ipos completed in the first half of the year, ranking both in quantity and in the amount of the principal proceeds.
As of December 7, the SEC disclosed 30 company ipo declarations, ranked third in the list. With the regularization of ipo issues, a large amount of project reserves is expected to be converted into revenue in the near future, further reinforcing the firm’s strong position in investing in business.
The company's wealth management portfolio consists mainly of retail brokering and wealth management, finance coupons and buybacks Brokering: deep-farming in economically developed areas
Continuation of the tradition that corporate commission rates are higher than industry averages, with the public department having a commission rate of 4.11 in mid-2017, higher than industry levels. In economically advanced areas such as the company ' s deep-drawling pearl triangle, 264 businesses are located in Guangdong Province, with 116 or over 40% of the total.
Smart investment began in the United States, where the concept of "intelligent investment" began to be closed in 2016 and the marginal cost of developing new customers is almost zero. In technology finance, companies continue to have a leading role.
The Financial Science and Technology Research and Development Team, which has joined over 160 new science and technology research and development staff in the last three years, has, on the other hand, increased technological innovation in the direction of big data, artificial intelligence, and platforming, and has been followed by online gold-picking mobile phones, apps, robots, and other science and technology finance platforms.
Already online; over 12 million mobile security subscribers, a 125 per cent increase over the previous year, have become an important channel.
In terms of market concentration, similar to the brokering business, the top 10 composers occupy half of the market. The balance of the two shares in the market value of a share is low, promising and mixed.
The stock balance is expected to grow steadily in the larger context of financial deleveraging. The market share, ranked fifth in the industry, is comparable to the company’s overall strength.
Merger and ranking of securities dealers Corporate finance voucher revenue and the same ratio Investment management: strong proactive management of business
The corporate portfolio of investment management operations consists mainly of asset management operations, fund management operations and private fund management operations and alternative investment operations.
The “eight” and “eight” bottom lines have been issued. Under the new regulations, which focus on net capital, the capital losses and losses of the corridor operations have been raised, bond management has been brought back to its source, from the corridor operations to the company's management of its operations in a leading position in the industry, through the expansion of the portfolio, the spread of futures and the spread of capital.
As of June, there were 106, 489, 48 pools managed by MAS. By comparison, the company was strong in managing its business proactively and ranked second in size, with the expectation that the negative impact of the new regulations would be minimized.
Figure 25 Total size of assets entrusted to management and revenue structure of corporate financial management operations
Figure 282017h Portfolio Business Size and Revenues
By June, the Fund was managed on a scale of $251.7 billion and industry 12; the Fund was managed on a scale of $484.2 billion and industry 3rd.
The company is part of the first line of the industry, with strong capital, combined strength, and many operations at the forefront of the industry. The company’s business structure is balanced, resilient to risks.
In 2017, the company rating was raised from bbb to aa, contributing to the development and reduction of corporate innovation.
In terms of valuation, the company’s pb is 1.6 times higher, and the valuation is at the bottom level. The company is given an “enhanced” rating.
(b) No rating - because the necessary information cannot be obtained, or because the company faces a significant uncertainty event that could not have foreseen an outcome, or for other reasons.
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.