In-depth studies/non-bank financial efficiency revenue structures are improving, with self-investment increasing performance elasticity by more than 40 per cent.
The company ' s revenue structure has been optimized in recent years, with a continuous decline in the share of brokering activities and a sharp decline in the reliance on traditional brokering: the investment bank, the continued power of the major money managers, gradually becoming the middle-flow pillar supporting the revenue base: self-employment, rising income, exceeding its own business income by 40 per cent in the first half of the year, and being the company ' s first-largest revenue.
Source, self-employment ratios increase corporate performance elasticity. ipo pulls up investment performance, project reserves release profits, market refinancing is relatively weak, corporate ipo performance continues to be released, and ipo underwriting in the first half of the year.
The share has reached 49.50%, the highest in the last five years, with ipo carrying nearly 90% of the sharehold income.
The unit is ranked 2nd in size, 60% in size, 1st, far above the average, company.
The early deployment of proactive management, which has a leading role in the industry, the proactive management of brokering will continue to transform wealth management in the future, the development of financial science and technology, the overall promotion of business transformation wealth management, and the targeting of high-end clients and the ploughing of economically advanced regions.
Many online science and technology finance platforms, the development of the first industry to develop a data-based full-chain quantitative trading cloud platform, and the technology and finance layout industry lead, while the share of the corporate stock-based trading market is stable from year to year, commission rates are higher than corporate power industries, the niche investment industry leads, ipotic normalization accelerates investment performance.
1. Third-quarter report rating: investment operations increase performance elasticity and investment firms outperform their counterparts 2. Wide issuance of securities (000776), investment management
I. Rapid growth in performance, combined power industries: (i) large bond companies with full and only non-State holdings have developed in three stages: in April 1991, the company was initially established as a subordinate of the Open Bank.
The Department of Securities Operations, which completed the restructuring and de-linking of the company from the Open Bank in 1996 and officially converted into the Open Securities Corporation in 2001 and operated as a stock company; Phase II: In February 2010, the reverse acquisition of the long-front road was placed on the market and officially landed on a stock market, with two capital enhancements in 2011 and 2012; Phase III: 2015
In April of this year, the company landed in Hong Kong and became the country’s third producer of a+h shares.
Guangdong Development Bank Certificate Guangdong Development Securities