CTGDF (601888 CH)
Earnings expectation is settling
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB232.00
2Q pre-announced. After market close last Friday (7 July), CTGDF pre-
announced major financial data for its 1H23 results. Revenue came in at
(Previous TP
RMB232.00)
RMB35.9bn, up 29.7% YoY, when net profits reported at RMB3.9bn, down
Up/Downside
111.6%
1.9% YoY. This implies 2Q23 revenue and net profits to be RMB15.1bn and
Current Price
RMB109.66
RMB1.6bn, up 38.8% and 14.3% YoY, respectively. In the announcement,
China Consumer
the Company also disclosed that its 1H gross margin has improved by 7.8%
HoH, when that of 2Q has gone up by 3.67% QoQ.
Joseph WONG
should have given a good gauge to what CTGDF could attain over the same
Bella LI
period. Meanwhile, we estimate Hainan contributed approximately RMB9-
10bn revenue to CTGDF for the guarter, and this should slightly track below
us. Separately, net profit was a small miss on a few potential factors
including 1) lower than expected GPM of 32.6% (although it continued to
climb QoQ, it was still below 2Q22), 2) a weakening RMB which inflated its
Stock Data
procurement cost, 3) any bottleneck in accessories SKU which saw
Mkt Cap (RMB mn)
214,111.2
insufficient inventory in 1Q, and 4) a rising earnings contribution from airport
Avg 3 mths t/o (RMB mn)
2,300.8
232.80/109.66
52w High/Low (RMB)
DFS with lower profitability. Despite these, investor expectation on full-year
Total Issued Shares (mn)
net profit has already edged down to approximately RMB7-8bn. All else
Source: FactSet
constant, if 1H momentum was to extend into 2H, we think the Company's
Shareholding Structure
earnings downcycle could approach to its end. In other words, we believe
any share price rally in the near term would mainly be valuation-driven.
Key long-term initiatives. While a diverted travel traffic (to overseas) and
Share Performance
a faltering consumption sentiment were the known drags to CTGDF's
performance, we continue to see a few key positive for the Company to
sustain its domestic leadership. These include 1) the new Haikou DF mall,
when its sales have already surpassed one-third of that of Sanya Haitang
Source: FactSet
Bay with positive net profits contribution, 2) the joint collaboration with
12-mth Price Performance
CNSC (49% acquired by CTGDF in March this year) which should yield
operational synergy aside from that of Hainan.
Valuation. Our TP is based on 48.0x end-23E P/E, which represents its
average since 2020, when market started to re-rate the stock for a series of
policy tailwinds. Our TP and earnings estimates are under review.
Source: FactSet
Earnings Summary
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the secu
covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2) n
compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Secu
(1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed compared in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of thi
and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly own
Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM do
investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special requirements. Past performan
performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and
fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should ind
investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or it
This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither
shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, inc
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CN
capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "
contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publi-
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recomm
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on bel
Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, rec
CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report
only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMB
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as an
Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc..) of the Order, and may not be provic
prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and
analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research analyst with the Financ
("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interes
of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US,
as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its accept
that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based or
report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte, Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in
110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or oth
to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited II
Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to suc
required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.