This week's industry perspective: the first three quarters of the military industry continued the positive trend, with the airboards rising faster than ever before. According to the three-quarters report, the performance of military industry companies continued the positive trend in the previous three quarters.
Fifteen per cent, with a 25 per cent increase in net return relative to the previous year, has remained high and performance has continued its positive trend since the beginning of the year. By industry, the aviation sector remains the fastest performing industry in the sub-sector, with the first three quarters of the aviation sector registering a 23 per cent increase in income compared to 23 per cent and a 30 per cent increase in net return earnings compared to the previous three quarters.
In the first three quarters of 2018, we tracked a 25% increase in the operating income of the core mainframe plant and a 43% increase in the net profits of the parent company, which greatly exceeded the industry as a whole. The mainframe plant is a terminal servicer equipped with a full-time order, and the company’s operations directly reflect the progress in the procurement of military customer equipment, as well as the manufacturing chain of equipment.
In response to the quarterly performance, the mainframe’s performance continued to grow and the size of the advance payments remained high, indicating that future procurement would continue on a high scale, and that the military-industrial chain would continue. In a context of downside economic pressure, emphasis would need to be placed on countercyclical certainty in the military-industrial sector.
See the marked improvement, where the market is currently less optimistic about subsequent earnings expected from industries, and is concerned about the decline in corporate profits in the context of the downside of the economy. But the overall income and profitability levels of military-industrial enterprises are more strongly influenced by the military procurement cycle, which has a more pronounced countercyclical character than macroeconomic operations.
As a product of the industry week, which gathers policy visions and judgements, we believe that the next military-industrial enterprise will have a high degree of resilience and scenicity in the context of overall macroeconomic pressure, market hot spots, industry depth, and pursuit.
Investors with absolute earnings have important reference values. In the choice of the label, we suggest that attention be paid to the company’s mainframe plant and the aviation sub-plate, which maintains a high temperature.
[Excellent push] The industry covers the best of the companies, with one to two shares per period. Weekly updates, if the offer is not a risk factor: the bulk load of the equipment is less advanced than expected, the reform of the military-industrial system is less advanced than expected, and military spending is less than expected.
Change, follow-up points, and if stock changes are recommended, explain why.
They believe that these stock movements will significantly defeat the market by building a Chinese aircraft (000768.sz) Sunda Securities Co. Ltd.
1. Market determination, industry warming, and the prominence of the company’s flagship are three core logics that we recommend at this stage for the Chinese aircraft.
The market for civil-military medium-sized aircraft facing the company has been identified and viewed in the long term as a wide range of space. In the context of military relocations, rising spending on defence budgets, a new generation of major battle equipment, the procurement cycle for the main war equipment may have been opened and will continue for a long time, and the starting point for the main military-industrial plant for equipping the main aircraft has come. The Chinese aircraft are used as a civilian passenger for the construction of our military and medium-sized military aircraft and our main feeder.
The hub industry, which brings together the best resources for the design and production of our medium-sized aircraft, and the absence of other competing players in the area of transport, has an incomparable position in the industry, which will benefit from future large procurement requirements for military and civilian passenger aircraft, with outstanding long-term investment value. 2. The market for medium- and medium-sized military aircraft, civilian passenger aircraft and aircraft facing medium-sized aircraft is a well-defined and wide-spaced market.
In addition, the strategic transformation of the air force, supported by air operations and integrated security capabilities, poses an urgent need for large- and medium-sized military transport aircraft. A defence series of aircraft can meet the needs of missions in Asia.
3. There are signs of improvement in the basics of the industry, as well as signs that the company’s own military operations are going to be good. In 2018, the country’s defence budget was over-arranged, with an emphasis on weapons upgrades.
4. The strength of the company’s core lies in the value of the monopolistic platform for the manufacture of large and medium military aircraft with a clear business, a pool of resources and a strong monopoly, which is more of a long-term investment value for the company. Through the consolidation of assets, the company now has the core manufacturing resources under the China-China industry.
On this basis, the company, as a platform for the manufacture of the country's medium-sized military aircraft, will also benefit fully from the transformation and upgrading of our large- and medium-sized transport fleets by 20, 9, as well as the subsequent upgrading of the large-scale military transport aircraft. In contrast to the division of labour between Flying and Shen Flying in the development and production of fighter aircraft, the Chinese aircraft will be manufactured evenly in the medium- and medium-sized military aircraft.
Risk factors: procurement of military equipment is not as fast as expected; delivery of the company’s related military model is not as fast as expected; the production of national-made civilian passenger aircraft is proceeding; the city is developing and developing.
Research on this subject: First report on the coverage of the mid-flight aircraft: the only large and medium military aircraft in the country with a long-term investment value; the mid-flight evaluation of the mid-flight aircraft of the mid-flight aircraft of the mid-flight aircraft 2080828 [Sinda Military Industry]: high profit growth, the long-term performance of the large and medium-sized military aircraft: Futuresmarkets, reportofportfoliomanage, and the publication of well-known European-American periodicals such as journaloftraining.
In September 2015 to August 2017, he worked in the mechanical industry. He joined the Sunda securities industry in September 2017.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.