This week's industry perspective: an emphasis on the fundamentals of 2018, a marked improvement in the basics of the military-industrial sector in 2018, an upturn in industry income, a significant improvement in net operating cash flow, and the de-introduction of stock movements
In 2018, the rate of increase in the net parent profit in the military industry was also significant compared to the same period last year, with a 14.8% increase in the net parent profit in the 2018q3 industry as compared to the 2.3pc increase in the same period in the previous year. The overall loss of the shipboard has had a more pronounced impact on the profitability of the industry. After the removal of the ship industry, the net return profit in the 2018q3 military industry rose by 29%, a significant increase from the previous year’s 11.02%.
[Excellent push] is a weekly industry product that combines policy forwards, market hot spots, industry depths, and also shows an improved trend towards the pursuit of industry cash flows, with a significant improvement in net operating cash outflows. As the military moves to the ground, the repressive effect on military procurement is shifting.
Investors with absolute earnings have an important reference value. The production schedule for military-industrial orders is highly strategizing, and changes in their inventory data adequately reflect orders, supplies, production, and turnover in the military-industrial sector, followed up on the ratings and, if the stock changes are proposed, the reasons.
The entire industry started to go down at the same rate of increase in 2016, with a downward trend in the rate of increase in revenue, which was accompanied by a downward schedule of both the yield and the inventory, which was considered to be a significant victory over the market, the construction of the entire industry, or the passive degeneration of the stock, and the start of active stock replenishments in 2018 at the bottom of the q2 stock increase. q4 q4 q4 q4 q2 stock in the military industry was stored in 2017.
At the bottom of the list, into the up-scaling phase, and in conjunction with the upswing trend, we can judge that the upscaling rate of the stock is likely to be positive. At the same time, the original material, which is moving down at the upswing of the product stock, indicates a faster pace of decolonization, an end to the passive growth of raw materials and products, and a beginning to de-decolonize. In 2019, the military industry benefited from the fundamentals and the potential for change at the good and policy levels, with investment opportunities more defined than in 2018 and subject to the military forces.
In general, aviation, electronics, information technology are better equipped than others, and the mainframe is better equipped than private companies. The idea for specific investment areas is as follows:
Conventional expendable weapons equipment (e.g., artillery shells, precision-guided bombs, etc.) will accelerate; the demand for electronic information equipment will increase further.
The air force will continue to be the highest-profile sub-industry and will continue to grow at a higher rate. With regard to army equipment, attention will be paid to the army’s shift from a “positive defense” to an “active” model, moving towards informatization, aeronautics, and dehumanization.
Risk factors: lower-than-expected bulk load of equipment, less-than-expected progress in the reform of the military-industrial system and lower-than-anticipated military-cost inputs.[Experiently] current period: medium-flight aircraft (000768.sz)
1. Market determination, industrial warming, and corporate leadership are three core logics that we recommend at this stage. We recognize that the market for civil-military medium-sized aircraft that companies face is wide-ranging in the long term.
A new generation of major battle equipment will be installed, the procurement cycle for the main war equipment may have been opened and will continue for a long time, and the starting point for the main military-industrial plant will be set. The Chinese aircraft will be used as the backbone of our medium- and large-sized military aircraft manufacturing enterprise, our main feeder civilian passenger fleet, bringing together the best resources for the design, manufacture and production of our large and medium-sized aircraft, and there will be no other competition in the area of transport.
2. The market for medium-sized and medium-sized military aircraft and civilian passenger aircraft facing Chinese aircraft is a demand-defined and wide-spaced market. The strategic transformation of the air force on the surface of large and medium-sized military aircraft requires air-falling and integrated security capabilities to support it, creating an urgent need for national defence.
A series of aircraft to meet the needs of missions in the Asian region. In addition, there is a need for flying panthers, bombing, etc., with companies facing more than $600 billion in markets for military transport, etc. The market space is vast. 3. There are signs of improvement in the basics of the industry, as well as signs of good performance in the company’s own military operations.
During the next two years, our equipment will enter into a centralized procurement period in which the mainframe plant will benefit fully. The improved performance of the listed companies is clear, showing that the core strength of the company is the value of a well-defined, resource-intensive and powerful monopoly platform for manufacturing large and medium-sized military aircraft.
As a result of the consolidation of assets, the company now owns core manufacturing resources under the China-China industry, and the company's integration path, though long, is in a clear direction, i.e. it serves as a base for the development and production of large- and medium-sized military aircraft in our country.
The manufacturing platform will also benefit fully from the adaptation and upgrading of our large- and medium-sized transport aircraft, as well as the subsequent upgrading of our large- and medium-sized military transport aircraft. The value of the medium- and medium-sized military aircraft manufactured will be the company’s long-term investment value, in contrast to the division of labour between Flying and Shen flying in the development of fighter jets.
Risk factors: procurement of military equipment is not as fast as expected; delivery of company-related military models is not as fast as expected; development and production of national-produced civilian passenger aircraft is on schedule; relevant research: First Report on the Covering of Air Shuttles in 20180725 [Sinda Military Engineers]: the country's only large and medium military aircraft platform, with tap status
Long-term investment value, mid-flight rating of 2010828 [Sinda Military Engineers], high revenue profitability, leading field planning for large and medium military aircraft, pre-project research and technical clearance, etc., have been involved in the design of civilian passenger aircraft, such as the c919 and Bombardic series, as well as in major engineering studies in the field of space.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.