The three-quarterly performance rating of the Air China aircraft (000768), 2018: A high growth in aviation product delivery performance, 82.90 per cent increase in net profits from the Air China aircraft in January-September 2018, year-on-year.
On the evening of 29 October, the Chinese aircraft published the tri-quarters report for 2018. During the reporting period, the company was operating at a rate of RMB 100 million, an increase of 4.66 per cent over the same period; during the reporting period, the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was RMB 70 million, an increase of 97.33 per cent over the same period the previous year, maintaining a rapid increase; and in January-September, the net gain attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
The company is the only producer of large aircraft, mainly military transport and bombing.
In the case of international aviation outsourcing, the companies are Boeing 737 aircraft tailings, Boeing 747 aircraft configurations, a319/a320 aircraft wings, atr42/72 aircraft 16, 18 etc.
In 2018, a new generation of large military transport aircraft began to enter the delivery week period, with a steady production of the original eight- and nine-medium military transport aircraft, with a significant number of company aircraft deliveries.
The highest/lowest price of 52 weeks, the best in recent years. Meanwhile, feeder passenger aircraft arj21 began bulk production and, on 21 September, Chengdu Air accepted seven arj21 aircraft: Main passenger aircraft c919 began intensive research and development tests.
In the future, the lack of strategic transport is the main factor in the construction of our army.
The demand for military transport is high because of one of the short plates, and the production of military transports (07905770001) will be further depleted as the production process is further consolidated. The development of new bombers is also steadily advancing, becoming a potential new growth.
On civilian aircraft, our 150-grade passenger aircraft market is vast, and Boeing estimates that China will need 7690 such aircraft in 2018-2037, c919 with great promise. In addition, Chinese commercial flights have formed a joint venture with the Russian Joint Aviation Manufacturing Group to develop a new generation of long-range widths.
The company will also benefit from the project. The company’s future development plan is clear that it is expected to grow to be the world’s leading aircraft producer, no less than Bombardy, Canada, and AirIndustries, Brazil.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.