10 December 2018: An excellent push from Sindha. This week's industry perspective: fundamentals, policy improvements identified, structural investment opportunities captured.
In 2018, the military-industrial sector was characterized by structural and phased characteristics, and airboards performed much better than in other sub-sectors. In 2019, the basics of the military-industrial sector were determined: 18 years of industrial kidnapping were established, and 19 years of improvement was even more marked. In 2018, the entire industry of military-industrial industry experienced an upswing in revenue, a substantial improvement in net operating cash flows, a full decomposition of stocks and an acceleration in the delivery of orders, which allowed for the identification of the base point of diversion; and in 2019, it is expected that the country will be able to do so.
Defence budget expenditure increased by no less than 8.5 per cent, accounting for about 1.23 per cent-1.25 per cent of the nominal gdp; defence spending is still expected to be directed primarily towards the upgrading of weapons equipment, improving the living conditions of military personnel and training of basic units; procurement of equipment is largely eliminated from the effects of military restructuring, peaking in 2019 or at the present stage of reimbursement procurement; and the military engineering order cycle is determined by the equipment development cycle, with equipment procurement moving to the upper stage.
2019 Policy and reform outlook: Military policy will focus on policy reform, key systems or location. 3 years of military restructuring have led leadership reform, size structure and force generation reform, the first two phases have been largely completed, overall progress is planned to be delayed by almost two years; 19 years of focus [excellently] industry week product, policy forward,
Market hot spots, industry depths, etc., have an important reference value for investors seeking absolute returns. A well-developed mechanism for competitive price formation will primarily affect new R & D production, not reflecting the operational aspects of equipment production, contract replacement costs
The impact in the lower maintenance and security services is faster; private enterprises with a strong edge are more likely to have a better chance against the background of deep civil-military integration. [Excellently] the industry covers the company’s best-selection, with only 1-2 shares per period.
In 2019, the market outlook: “military industry 2.0” based on basics will take time to arrive. In 2018, the military industry was formed and changed on the basis of asset restructuring, followed by a follow-up evaluation, with reasons given for proposing stock changes.
The industrial fundamentals improve long-term logic, the logic of follow-up investment in the military industry, and focus on whether the military industry can move away from the entrepreneurial board to create a “military worker 2.0” scenario based on the basic belief that these stock trends will significantly outpace the market.
Investment opportunities in 2019: a focus on aviation and informatization. In 2019, the investment opportunities in the military industry were better defined than in 2018, with differences in the length and size of the main military equipment arrays, and structural opportunities to break down the investment directions of the industry.
Current period [Excellent push]: Chinese aircraft (000768.sz) Chinese aircraft (000768.sz) Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City. 1. Market determination, industry warming, corporate leadership are highlighted as three core logics that we recommend at this stage.
The market for civil-military medium-sized aircraft facing the company has been identified and viewed in the long term as a wide range of space. In the context of military relocations, rising spending on defence budgets, a new generation of major battle equipment, the procurement cycle for the main war equipment may have been opened and will continue for a long time, and the starting point for the main military-industrial plant for equipping the main aircraft has come. The Chinese aircraft are used as a civilian passenger for the construction of our military and medium-sized military aircraft and our main feeder.
The hub industry, which brings together the best resources for the design and production of our medium-sized aircraft, and the absence of other competing players in the area of transport, has an incomparable position in the industry, which will benefit from future large procurement requirements for military and civilian passenger aircraft, with outstanding long-term investment value. 2. The market for medium- and medium-sized military aircraft, civilian passenger aircraft and aircraft facing medium-sized aircraft is a well-defined and wide-spaced market.
In addition, the strategic transformation of the air force, supported by air operations and integrated security capabilities, poses an urgent need for large- and medium-sized military transport aircraft. A defence series of aircraft can meet the needs of missions in Asia.
3. There are signs of improvement in the basics of the industry, as well as signs that the company’s own military operations are going to be good. In 2018, the country’s defence budget was over-arranged, with an emphasis on weapons upgrades.
4. The strength of the company’s core lies in the value of the monopolistic platform for the manufacture of large and medium military aircraft with a clear business, a pool of resources and a strong monopoly, which is more of a long-term investment value for the company. Through the consolidation of assets, the company now has the core manufacturing resources under the China-China industry.
On this basis, the company, as a platform for the manufacture of the country's medium-sized military aircraft, will also benefit fully from the transformation and upgrading of our large- and medium-sized transport fleets by 20, 9, as well as the subsequent upgrading of the large-scale military transport aircraft. In contrast to the division of labour between Flying and Shen Flying in the development and production of fighter aircraft, the Chinese aircraft will be manufactured evenly in the medium- and medium-sized military aircraft.
Risk factors: procurement of military equipment is not as fast as expected; delivery of the company’s related military model is not as fast as expected; the production of national-made civilian passenger aircraft is proceeding; the city is developing and developing.
Relevant studies: First report on the coverage of the mid-flight aircraft: the only large and medium military aircraft platform in the country with long-term investment value, the mid-flight evaluation of the mid-flight aircraft in 20180828 [Sinda Military Industry], high revenue growth, long-term military aircraft performance, field planning, project pre-research and technical clearances, and participation in the design of civilian passenger aircraft such as the C919 and Bombardic series, as well as major engineering studies in the field of space.
This report has been prepared and published by the CVM. The report is a study product for clients under a service agreement with the CVM, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. The report is available only to specific customers, and is not intended for public distribution.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.