The profits have increased considerably in the last three quarters.
The company published its three-quarterly report in 2018, which realized business income of $20.406 billion, an increase of 4.66 per cent over the same period; and its net return of $232 million, an increase of 82.90 per cent over the same period.The company experienced a smooth increase in revenue and a higher increase in profits in the previous three quarters, mainly due to the same decline in financial costs, research and development costs and losses in asset impairment.
Low. Corporate inventories grew by 34.26 per cent over the same period, looking forward to growth in the company ' s performance throughout the year. The company achieved business income of $20.406 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 4.66 per cent over the previous quarter; separately, $5.251 billion (+67.65 per cent) was collected in the first quarter, $8.02 billion (+5.29 per cent) in the second quarter and $7.133 billion (-18.14 per cent) in the third quarter.
The company ' s profits increased at a much faster rate in the third quarter than its revenues, for three reasons: first, financial costs decreased by 326 per cent over the same period, owing mainly to an increase in exchange rate gains during the period compared with the same period in the previous year; second, research and development costs decreased by 63 per cent over the same period, owing mainly to a decrease in the self-financing of research and development costs for some of the current period ' s projects; and, lastly, the loss of impairment of assets decreased by 288 per cent over the same period, owing to a decrease in the loss of impairment of receivables during the current period compared with the same period in the previous year.
The company is fully discharged and is expected to exceed its mandate by the year. The company has collected $20.4 billion in the first three quarters, and has an inventory of 17.6 billion (+34.26 per cent), an increase of 6 per cent over the second quarter, faster than the same increase reported in the median six per cent, indicating either that the company is fully discharged or that the payment has not yet generated revenue and is expected to exceed its plan by the year.
The cash-to-cash ratio dropped to 0.14, which is lower in the military industry, but the company’s currency is $3.9 billion and working capital is sufficient. Companies’ transports, 20, and special aircraft are on a roll-out cycle that strongly supports future performance growth.
The company is a military transporter, a bombing company, and a major civilian aircraft development company. The company is upstream of the military aircraft industry, and warmth is a wind sign for the military-industrial plates. The company's production is full and balanced, and will promote the entire industrial chain of military aircraft. In the case of military aircraft, the heavy-duty transport aircraft of 20 and the special aircraft models of the platform of 20 are currently in a rigid phase of demand.
Chinese commercial flights are expected to deliver 15 arj-21 passenger aircraft this year, with Chinese aircraft carrying more than 85% of the spare parts. At both meetings, the chief designer of the C919 passenger aircraft, Wu Guanghui, revealed that the third of the country’s large aircraft, c919, is expected to take off first this year, and the test flights are now well under way, with 815 orders already in place.
The Chinese aircraft are the only target of the current civil fleet, and will benefit fully from the country’s domestic market in the Blue Sea.
The research assistant gives a brief overview of the study's findings.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.