The growth in performance was robust, the domestic market was vastly folded with 5g technology, leading by 5g commercial sails, and the net profit of the average shareholder of the listed company was between 1.2 billion and 1.8 billion yuan in the first half of the year.
At the same time, the company's whole-of-the-industry chain is active, with effective breakthroughs in wireless, cable, terminal operations, 5g applications, etc., with companies frequently winning in procurement by three major operators, and we believe that the difficult year 2018 has passed, with robust growth in 2019.
With both technological and market advantages, there are prospects for future development; and the history of recycling mobile telecommunications equipment, we find that the essence of competition lies in technology and markets: Ericsson, Nokia has a 2g market and technology that has made a 100-year empire, Rantsu and North without a market and without core technology.
In communications styles, Chinese manufacturers rose rapidly in the 3g era, invested high R & D fees, had a domestic incremental market, and gradually moved to the world; China entered the first stage in the 4g era with China, and the Nordic equipment dealer advantage was eroded; and in the 5g era, our equipment dealer was developing and marketed.
Top 5-g technology is at the forefront of the industry, 5g formal business, 5g industry leads and benefits from the operator's capital expenditure; 5g is expected to grow to 3.3 trillion yuan in 2025 for direct output, and in 2025 for indirect output.
On June 6, 2019, the Ministry of Trade and Communications issued a license plate for 5g traders, the country’s 5g official commercials, and the operator’s capital expenditure is expected to be advanced, with an estimated 5g capital 1, the China-Change Newsletter (000063), which is expected to be maintained.
Expenditure could reach $1.2 trillion. The company, as a leader in the industry, has a series of 5-g patents, is one of the only suppliers of the 5-g end-to-end solution, and will take the lead in R & D and market input, looking at 4-g re-cultivation.
After lifting the ban, the middle-market business is back on track and the business is doing well.
2. China’s Communications (000063). China’s producers are well placed in the technical standards and incremental markets. In the 5g era, China is expected to lead the world. As the country’s second largest provider of communications equipment, China fully benefits from the operator’s capital expenditure.
Full re-entry, solid performance of 4g Developed markets, political and business dynamics, 5g overlap: market competition, threat from new entrants: 5g formal business less than expected; transport
Business capital spending has fallen short of expectations. Performance growth has been robust, and companies are on track.
1.1. The year 2018 has passed with a significant improvement of $85.5 billion (by 21.41 per cent in the same year) in the 2019q1 ring. Of this amount, 57.1 billion has been collected by the business sector (see figure 2 below: operating income from middle-aged enterprises (by billions) in recent years).
Corporate performance recovered rapidly after the embargo was lifted. In July 2018, the company lifted the embargo, and 2018q3 recovered its profits, while 2019q1 achieved business income of $22,202 million, which, although 19.34 per cent less than the previous year, was attributed to the public and, at the same time, the semi-annual performance forecast for 2019 showed that the company was expected to be classified as a listed company in January-June 2019.
Figure 5: Mid-economy quarterly net profit (billion yuan) The second quarter of 2018, due to the stagnation of operations, led to excessive cash outflows from current and next-season operations, which began to improve in the fourth quarter. Net cash flows from operating activities in the first quarter of 2019 amounted to $1,260 million, an increase of 836.19 per cent over the same period.
There has been a marked improvement in corporate operations. Figure 8: Middle-emerged quarterly sales costs (millions of yuan) Figure 9: Middle-emerged quarterly management costs (billions)
The company's recent increase in asset-liability rates as a result of production-based borrowing has led to an increase in financial costs, with the company operating well, working in a coherent whole-of-business chain, with significant results The company operating well, with greater strength in wireless, cable, end-of-pipe operations, 5g applications, etc.
In the wireless area, technology has continued to break, with the commercial contract industry leading: 5g key technology massivemimo business practice leading; Nfv worldwide, more than 420 commercial and poc cases; 5g end-to-end commercial products; and
Solutions, full series of nr products, full-frequency, full-scale coverage; full access and integration of Componcore, supporting sa and nsa; self-research series aiengine, supporting 5g full-scale intelligence: more than 320 lte/epc commercial contracts globally, with a cumulative share of global 4g base stations approaching 20 per cent.
Multiple experimental bureaux and tests, core technical indicators and test commercial progress maintained industry leadership; first in the light access flagship titan capacity and integration industry, innovative architecture supported solid migration integration and embedded margin calculations, applied on scale in China, Italy, Japan, etc.; luminous network product transmission performance led, updated 400g in wave single wave 400g test
Overrange land high-speed transmission distance records. Terminal operations, focus on priority customers and priority markets, leading the 5g terminal test: 5g end-to-end connections of three major operators in the country are now being completed and are being implemented in Canada, Australia, Spain, Austria, Italy, Italy.
A 5g terminal test in several countries, including Finland: Together with China Connect, Finland Elisa, Austria, and other operators such as the Booking Partner, the first 5g flagship Axon10pro5g has been released in mwc2019, with 5g hands ahead of business: 5g series of 5g end products, including indoor and outdoor cpe, will be landed in major countries around the world;
bladev10 is listed domestically and in key countries. 5g Industry applications, focus on technological frontier and work closely with partners: 5g+ in the areas of smart manufacturing, car networking, new media, smart power grids, smart ports, smart airports, environmental protection, tourism and medical care
Research exploration, demonstration construction, business incubation, etc., contributed to the digital transformation of the vertical sector in the 5g era. A strategic cooperation agreement was signed with the 3 1st-level workers to explore the depth of convergence between 5g and industry: Tianjin joined forces to build the first global 5g&mec smart port application demonstration: a strategic cooperation agreement was signed with the Nanjing Dynasty Port Technology.
Construction of the 5g Smart Airfield: In cooperation with China's telecommunications, build the Yuan 5g application field pilot, including unmanned, intelligent, intelligent management of water in white and oceanic sediments, full view vr high-light, 16 roads high-light video, 4k high-light videoconferences between the two cities.
The outcome of the improvisation: the company pays $1 billion in fines: the entire board is replaced with senior management: the department is under constant close supervision in the US.
We believe that it may be less important to repeat the ban or sanctioning of Sino-China. After signing the agreement with the United States Department of Commerce, China-China has strengthened compliance from the top to the bottom, while accepting a 10-year US-selected assistant compliance officer, coordinator, review, and assessment of whether the Sino-China operation of its subsidiaries and subsidiaries is in violation of American exports.
Control laws, which will be regulated by the United States Department of Commerce, are less likely to lead to a recurrence of irregularities. With both technology and market advantages, the future prospects for development are high.
In 1876, we discovered that the main equipment provider competed mainly around two dimensions of the technology standard and the incremental market, and regardless of the dimension, there was a potential for replacement. In the 5g era, China had a huge number of mobile users.
In the early 1990’s, the first generation of mobile telecommunications were dominated by American manufacturers. Att&t and motorcycles were the first to take place in the early 1990’s.
Laura developed and defined basic standards for mobile communications, with major markets concentrated in the United States, and with rapid growth in the United States of America. In the 2g era, European manufacturers rose rapidly, with Europe offering gsm and becoming the standard for mobile communications, and, thanks to technological advantage, many European telecommunications firms, such as Ericsson, Nokia, Siemens, were rapidly rising.
From the time of the 3g era, Chinese manufacturers began to gain access to network-based technical standards, backed by the country’s large population base, to take advantage of the market and successfully enter the world’s leading market for telecommunications equipment.
The advantages of Chinese producers are more pronounced in terms of market demand for the country’s weight, the rise in the status of the superimposed technical standards, and China’s boom. Figure 16: Comparison of the annual network income of four major equipment operators (billion yuan) Figure 17: Share of global network operators’ income (%)
2.2. We are on track to achieve the 5g era of leadership, where companies will continue to benefit as industry leaders. On mobile communication technology standards, China has gone through a 1g void, 2g follow, 3g breakthroughs, and 4g synchronized development. In the 5g era, China ' s power has moved further to the centre of the stage, thanks to vast markets and leading technology.
Ctia converts private enterprise 5g experiments and introduction progress, frequency distribution, government strategies, etc., into values, comparing countries' “5g response levels”. From the 2019 ratings, China and the United States both ranked first.
19 points, after a long process of exploration, the country ' s communications industry witnessed a synchronized development in the 5g era. Figure 19: 5g competition rating in 2019: 18:1g/2g/3g/4g development history
Compared to domestic and international operators, our communications market still has a much larger scope for upgrading: less than one sixth of the value of our operator's arpu, and our operator's arpu value will continue to rise as the process of socialization takes place in the United States.
According to Anyong, by 2025, China’s 5g users will reach 576 million, or about 40% of the total population, or about 41% of the world’s 5g users. China’s 5g R&D started early, and its market is wide, and it will become the largest global 5g market after full commercialization.
The company’s 5g technology is in the lead worldwide. According to the latest 5g patent report published by iplytics,