Year: 11, 2019, Mid-Engine Communications (000063), first covered.
Since 2007, it has joined the top five suppliers of communications equipment around the world, focusing on the mainstream market and products at www.zte.com.cn, providing a holistic solution to the “coated-pipe-end”ict industrial chain.
The new communications facility in Shenzhen City is now fully restored, while the market's impact on China-United States trade friction has been relatively tired, and the company's share price has now returned to pre-defunct levels. In addition, the company's R & D investment is maintained.
Continued growth, with the number of patents ranked at the top, has been widely shared with 30 operators around the world, with a further expansion of global market voice in the 5g’s era. Global communications giants remain the same as suppliers of 5g end-to-end solutions.
Highlights. Middle-rises communications, one of the world's leading integrated communications equipment manufacturing companies, with a relatively deep 300 index performance, and one of the global integrated communication information solutions providers, have been globally since 2007
The top five suppliers of equipment. In conjunction with the performance of the top five providers of communications equipment in 2018, we believe that the advantage of a global, second-rate, 5-g end-to-end solution provider will become more evident in the 5g commercial start-up process.
China became a leading country in the 5g era, and China’s growth has reached a pre-commercial level of 5g. With the expansion of the size of households and the associated increase in capital demand, the 5g market will reach a four-year high in January, with China’s communications successfully completing the Nsa and sa labs and field tests.
Data cut-off date: 04/04/2019 The main function is expected to meet market expectations and the company ' s products have reached 5g pre-commercial water.
Impacts. Upstream suppliers and downstream operators after the ban have given a lot of support, large orders have helped to restore production quickly, and the company ' s capacity has been fully restored. The annual 2018 report shows that core areas and operations have been less affected and the overall Māori rate is on the rise.
No change. And the market's impact on the trade war has been relatively tired, and the company's current stock price has been restored, with R&D at its absolute core, and communications in the 5g era hit the world's top three.
Markets and mainstream products, providing a "cloud-pipe-end" solution. Moreover, corporate R & D inputs have continued to grow, patent numbers have risen, and technology has accumulated to build moats. The company has worked extensively with 30 operators around the world in 5g, and the 5g era is expected to expand further.
Risk factors: 5g construction below expectations, country risks, increased trade friction between Central America and the United States,1 global communications giants remain the same, with less powerful management leading the midway back to 1.1 the world ' s leading integrated communications equipment provider, and the 5g era hit the world ' s top three.
China-Change Communications is one of the leading global integrated communications equipment manufacturing companies and global integrated communications information and communications programme providers, providing users worldwide with access to voice, data, multimedia, wireless broadband, etc., through innovative technology and product solutions for telecommunications operators and business network clients in more than 160 countries and regions around the world
The company was established in 1985 as the semiconductor of Shenzhen: General stock shares were released online through the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 6 October 1997 and a share was placed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange for the first time on 18 November 1997;
In December 2004, the h shares were publicly released and listed on the Hong Kong Federation Board, the first to be a stock company to be listed on the Hong Kong Federation Board. In 2005, the company identified a mto strategy, which began a major effort to expand the foreign operator market and promote the 3g terminal ' s first large-scale entry into the European market; and signed a 3g terminal cooperation agreement with Telus, Canada, in 2006, 3g.
For the first time, the terminal broke through the mainstream North American operator market; it became the fastest-growing supplier of gsm equipment in 2007 and joined the top five suppliers of equipment worldwide.
Communications actively deepened the m-1ct strategy, committed to strategic transformation and business focus, officially launched a series of 5g pre-commercial stations in 2017, leading the global 5g commercial process. Market shares are focused on the top five equipment dealers, and the boom is expected to further consolidate the 5g vanguard position.
China’s total investment in 5g equipment is forecast to be more than 50% of the world’s largest single demand market, and we believe that local producers are the largest producers.
In the hope that China will continue to maintain its world’s first market position, China is expected to consolidate its top five positions in the 5g era. It is expected that the pace of growth will slow, and that it will remain proud of its male counterparts.
Global sales revenues of $721.2 billion were achieved throughout the year, an increase of 19.5 per cent over the 2016 figure of $603.6 billion; Net profits of $59.3 billion, an increase of 25.1 per cent over the previous year, while revenue growth began to slow, its total revenue remained high among the top five communications equipment dealers.
New Nokia: Looking forward to improving the market situation. In 2018, Nokia camp received about $177.1 billion.
Focused business development strategy: initial efforts to stabilize operations and streamline organization, followed by gradual stabilization of the digital services area Product road map and project delivery: significant reductions in media operating costs and dissociation of most media solution operations: stripping of Ericsson power module operations and about 20 per cent of United States portable network operations; partial or total abandonment of non-strategic leadership
Field operations, including fibre-optic laying, maintenance services, and industry and social sectors. Communications booming: net profits rising. Communications booming, $85.5 billion in 2018, down 21.4 per cent from the previous year; Cisco: streamlined products, accelerated transformation. Cisco consolidated its seven major product categories into three major product categories in 2018.
Category, sale of television software operations in the fourth quarter to accelerate withdrawal from traditional television services. Financial year 2018, as at 28 July, showed that companies had earned $49.3 billion, an increase of 2.71 per cent over the previous year.
In the face of enormous challenges, such as a slowdown in the investment of operators, the advantages of China as the global only 5-g end-to-end solution provider will become more pronounced throughout the digital transition. 1.2 Relatively sound equity structures, professional management teams drive performance breakthroughs
The company’s controlling shareholders are ChinaXin Communications Ltd., which in 1993 was formed by a joint venture between China’s three shareholders Xianjintung, Xian Wei Wei Weiwei, and Space Hirowoo, which is dedicated to national communications and one of China’s leading suppliers of communications network equipment. In April 2017, the space community transferred its holdings of 2.5% of China’s new and emerging shares, and the shares were transferred openly to China’s Hengyko.
After the transfer of power, Sino-Cian micro-electronics, space-wide and national-evolving science hold 49%, 34%, 14.5%, and 2.5% of their respective shares. Companies do not have real control, professional high-level management teams drive their jobs through history once and for all, with net profits ranging from 100 million to 100 million, and they are truly responsible for shareholders.
The first major shareholder, Sino-Sino, was founded on 23 October 1992 as a private enterprise, and its statutory representative is the founder of the Communications Centre, the current non-executive chairman of the Board of Directors, and operates in such areas as the development of the production of communications transmissions and their supporting equipment, computers, etc.
In October 1965, he was the country's only semiconductor integrated circuits, mixed integrated circuits, computer research, and the third major shareholder, the Space Science Industry and the Shenzhen Group, Ltd., belonging to the State-owned sole-sourced enterprise, which was established on 17 August 1989 and operates on space technology products, mechanical equipment, electrical appliances, instrumentation, etc.
The Fourth Major Shareholder National Energetic Unit, a limited partnership, was established on 2 December 2016, mainly with its own funds for capital management activities such as project investments.
1.3 A reconciliation agreement has been reached, and a new chapter has been opened by the junior management affected by the embargo. In a settlement agreement reached between the bis and the Chin-Jing communications agreement of 7 June 2018, the Young-Jing promised to change the board of directors and the senior management team within 30 days.
Bo, Chiu, Wang Yawen, Tan Dong, Jin Yi-hyeung, Wei-sung, Zhang Shao, Lu, Bingshengteng (Teng Bin-Sung) and Chu Wu-xiang have resigned from the group of 14 directors. Subsequently, the China-China newsletter announced that the team of special compliance coordinators selected by the United States Department of Commerce would be retained for 10 years and that its function would be to monitor it in real time.
On July 5, China’s company issued an announcement to appoint Seo Ziyang as its president, and Wang Hei-yu, his army camp, and Li Xing as its president.
The executive vice president of the company and agreed to appoint Li Xing as the company’s financial director. The four top executives appointed at this time, with the exception of the military camp after 60, all three of them will be 70, and the junior management will give China a new boost. Seo-soo pointed out that the top priority will be the strategic focus when the new management comes into office.
By the end of February 2019, the company had worked extensively with 30 operators around the world to achieve a rapid growth in commercial size of 5g by 2020. The company’s board of directors currently has nine members, of whom Lee is currently Chairman of the Board of Directors, Seo Ziyang, who is the head of the military camp.
Mr. Fang, Mr. Li, and Mr. Min are non-executive directors of the company; Mr. Bao, Mr. Choi, Mr. Choi, Mr. Wu, who is the independent CEO, is the general manager of the Shunxing Communications (Germany) Services Company Ltd., and is now the chairman of the small electronics company, which holds a large number of years of experience in the telecommunications industry and management. The Executive Vice-President is now also the head of the company.
An indirect shareholder, the assistant director of the China Institute of Space Technology, and the vice president of the Space Age Electronics Corporation, among others, have a wealth of management and business experience. Social media have paid great attention to the change in management.