The shared trip brings about a huge industrial change, and the national tires take off in the wind!
On October 28, 2019, the demand for shared car diversity broke out in the area of shared tyres. In the last 15 years, Chinese tyres have grown faster than ever before.
In the next 15 years, the growth of China’s tires will necessarily come from the expansion of the car market. Although the world’s major economies are turning around in terms of vehicle sales.
Point, but the shared economy is changing people’s modes of travel. In a car-sharing scenario, consumers have more access than they own. The ownership of cars will shift upstream, and the use of tyres will be converted from consumer goods to production resources. The brand premium space for the use of car tyres will be compressed.
The tire market is a definite growth space for Chinese tires!
In recent years, China’s tyre industry has been undergoing side-reform in a context of overcapacity and insufficient start-up rates. Only a few of the leading firms that have deployed overseas capacity and made a positive cycle of investment.
To participate in sharing the future growth space. At present, the companies that operate our overseas factories are center policy, Linglong, Saiyan, Puling Sungshan, General, and those that build overseas plants are already reaping the dividends of the international layout.
11.2 million a year, 2018, the company cooperated twice with the depth of the platinum-fixed tyres of internationally recognized tyre enterprises, the company participated in the stock-fixing of the platinum tyres, the joint construction of a new tyre production base in the country's production plants and the joint venture between the two sides in Viet Nam, and continued to expand the company's overseas production capacity and to fully benefit from the dividends of low trade barriers in overseas factories, while increasing its technical skills, branding and influence!
Only 1% of the world's markets are in the race wheels, and there is plenty of room for growth to determine sexual opportunities! The global tyre market needs are close to $170 billion, and the revenues of the country's largest tyre companies are still less than $4 billion, far below the share of national firms in the consumer goods manufacturing industry, such as air conditioners and washing machines. Over the past decade, the world's first six tires grew by 21% while their revenues grew during the same period.
Nevertheless, in 2018, the global share of round tyres was only 1 per cent, the company grew in scope and the growth logic was certain that the valuation level should be higher than that of mature international enterprises. The current valuation level of round tyres was close to that of international enterprises and lower than the average value of a tyre plate. Therefore, the valuation level would have greater scope for restoration once the market found and accepted its growth.
In dollar terms, corresponding to 11 times, 10 times and 8 times the collection price on October 24, 2019, we used the dcf model for the risk factors of the company Sinda Securities Company Ltd.: 1, the global macroeconomic situation fluctuates, resulting in continued downswings in demand.
Cindasecuritiesco.ltd The risk of severe fluctuations in prices of synthetic rubber, the risk of international anti-dumping pressure from the 9th House of the House of Lords, 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
Over the past 15 years, China’s tyres have grown faster than the global industry, mainly to capture the share of commercial tyre products in the global tyre market. In the next 15 years, can China’s tyre manufacturers continue the current trend of creating branding in the consumer goods market, taking a share of the world’s tires from the first international fleet, and reaping a high return on brand premiums to be among the top five of the world’s tyres?
In the case of shared cars, consumers have more rights to use than to own cars. Automobile ownership will shift upstream. Car tires will be converted from consumer goods to production resources. Brand premium spaces for vehicle tyres will be compressed.
In fact, in recent years, China’s tyre industry has been undergoing supply-side reforms in a context of overcapacity and insufficient start-up rates. Although this reform has not been as fast as other chemical industries have been driven by safety, environmental protection, and relocation, China’s tyre industry has not been able to make a difference.
Only a few of the leading firms that have deployed overseas capacity and embarked on a positive cycle of investment-led performance can participate in sharing the global tyre market demand, close to $170 billion, and currently earn less than $4 billion in the country’s largest tyre business. This is no different in many manufacturing industries than in one virgin, such as air conditioning, washing machines, where the top Chinese firms account for more than 20% of the global market.
Even so, the share of round tyres in the global tyre market in 2018 was close to 1%. Companies grew in scope, and growth logic determined that their valuation levels should be higher than those of mature international enterprises. And the current level of valuation of round tyres is close to that of international firms.
Lower than the average value of a tyre plate valuation. Thus, the valuation level will have greater scope for repair once the market has found and accepted its growth. 1. Global macroeconomic fluctuations have led to continued downswings in demand.2 China ' s tyre exports continue to face the risk of more severe international anti-dumping pressures.
3. Risk of significant fluctuations in the prices of natural and synthetic rubber. Racer Group Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “single tires”) is a private-sector company in China that produces, manufactures and sells all-round steel-carryed midday, semi-steel midday and engineering tyres. China’s first tire resource recycling demonstration base. The company has modern tyres in Qingdao, Dongzhou, Shenyang, and Xinning, Viet Nam.
Manufacturing plants, distribution networks and service centres in Canada, Germany, Malaysia, etc. for the Americas, Europe, South-East Asia, and more than 100 countries and territories where tyre products are sold well. Production plants established by companies in Viet Nam continue to grow, operating more efficiently and become companies that are jointly building new tyre production bases in Viet Nam in response to international markets.
Interest rates and net interest rates were 22.18 per cent and 7.13 per cent, respectively, to reach eps0.25 per share. In the first half of 2019, the company achieved a net return profit of $507 million, an increase of 59.34 per cent over the same period. In recent years, three cost rates have been properly controlled, asset-liability rates have been declining, and the sales of both Māori and net interest rates have increased somewhat.
Figure 3: Roa and roe (%), Figure 5 Cost (%), II. At the crossroads of the industry, where is China ' s tire business development path?
China joined the wto on November 11, 2001 and pledged to reduce import tariffs on whole cars and spare parts every year starting in 2002. 2002 also became the “well blowout” year for the Chinese automobile market.
The sudden growth of the automobile industry since 2002 has led to rapid growth in the upstream tyre industry, triggering a cycle of natural rubber prices. The global economic crisis of the year, followed by a decline in energy-chemical commodities after 2012, has hit the ground in 2016.
In the last decade or so, the top three players in the global tyre industry have remained unchanged, despite several alternations in their names, namely, Michelin, Pristom, and solids. The combined earnings of the first three in 2017 have not changed compared to 2007. Four, five, and six in the global tyre industry have also changed their names, and the manufacturers have not changed.
Figure 7 Global tyre market, top3 and top6 sales (US$ billion) is 37% of the year; industry cr6 fell from 70% in 2002 to 51% in 2017. The main reason for this decline in integration is the rapid growth of Chinese tyre businesses, whose revenues outpaced industry growth.
The former Chinese enterprises were 12 of Taiwan’s real estate, 13 of Taiwan’s Shandong Triangle, 14 of Shandong’s sangshan, and 18 of its top 20 in 2017, and 6 of China’s top 9 of its rankings, 10 of its middle policy, 11 of its own, 17 of its own, 18 of its Heung Fung, and 19 of its competitive wheels. Figure 8 Changes in the market share of global tyre manufacturers (%)
The rapid growth of tyres in China has outpaced the growth of the global industry, mainly by capturing the share of commercial tyre products in the global tyre market. Tyres can be divided into two main categories depending on their use, namely, passengertier, and commercial tyres, which include trucks and bus tyres (tbr), engineering machines tyres (otr) and aviation tyres.
In recent years, Chinese tyres have been increasing their brand image, and have started to supply a- and a-grade-b-car tyre markets with autonomous brands. In the next 15 years, can Chinese tyre manufacturers continue their current trend of creating branding in the consumer-goods market, taking a share of the world’s tire market from the first-tier international manufacturer, and reaping high returns through brand premiums, ranking among the top five of the world’s tyres?
If the tyre market continues to follow an inherent pattern of demand, and though the brand image of a Chinese tyre company is growing, there is considerable uncertainty about whether it will be possible to reverse it, and it will take time to verify it. In areas such as sports shoes in consumer goods, while the brands of Chinese firms like Li Ning and Anjong are growing very fast, consumption at the end of the consumer market is rising at the same rate that the relative lows in the brand ladder are not easy for Chinese firms.
The volume of vehicle sales in China has declined by more than 15 per cent in 2018 compared to the same year, when 1,012,000 vehicles were sold each year. By June 2018 and June 2019, China’s monthly turnover in vehicle sales was negative for 12 months.
In addition to the decline in vehicle sales, which has affected a number of factors, such as the gdp upswing in macroeconomic supply-side structural reforms, and the decline in consumer readiness caused by high residential leverage, another important factor could be the negative impact on our real economy of the Chinese-American trade friction that began in early 2018. Yet, when we look at the United States ' car market, we find that the recovery from the 2009 economic crisis peaked in 2014 and post-2015 sales as well.
By looking at Europe’s car market, we also recovered from the economic crisis in 2009 and grew slowly, but monthly sales peaked in early 2017, and then started to drop slightly in volatility. From September 2018 to June 2019, the same rate of increase was negative for 10 months.
Figure 10 Annual sales of United States passenger cars (in thousands) and changes in the same ratio (in %)
What are the hidden elements of the decline in size?3 The diversity of shared cars meets the demand for mobility, although in the long run the trend towards growing global economic growth and rising per capita income is not questioned, and per capita ownership of motor vehicles should meet the need for people to travel.
Although the ratio of car prices to per capita income is decreasing, it should become easier to consume cars, but land and road resources are limited, which can constitute a constraint on consumption by car. The use of cars will gradually shift from a simple increase in the number of cars to an increase in efficiency.
Car rentals, time-sharing of b2c, and unmanned car services when autopilot technology matures in the future. Sharing cars facilitates travel on the one hand, and improving efficiency in the use of cars on the other.
It was 1.55 billion times, double the first quarter of 2017. Figure 14 (millions of times) The country ' s largest share automobile company dropped in its Big Data Report for Smart Travel, which announced that it had operated 1.43 billion orders in 2015, totalling 12.8 billion yuan miles.
In 2018, this figure rose rapidly to 48.8 billion kilometers, and thousands of private cars travelled from their year to year. American writers called “The Father of Silicon Valley” and “The Godfather of the World Internet” Kevin Kelly, in their book “The Imperatives” in which they analysed trends in science and technology.
It says, "When we move forward with all these aspects of dematerialization, decentralization, immediacy, synergizing platforms, and cloudy clouds, the right to use will gradually replace all rights. For most things in everyday life, the use of things will be better than the ownership of them." There have been many such cases in our daily lives, where cars, bicycles, accommodation, high-end clothing, even electric treasures, are easily accessible to consumers.
Sharing personal transport is the largest and most successful category of products in the current trend, with time-to-time reuse increasing the efficiency of transport use and reducing user costs. But, on the other hand, the effect is to discourage or reduce the demand for transport.
Among the reasons for the decline in vehicle sales, shared cars may not be the most important one today, but the most threatening factor in the future. What will happen to cycling tyres associated with the number of cycling cars?
Car tyres are consumables and the quantity of demand q is affected by three consumption factors: q=f (w)+f (a)+f (d) w wear and tear: tyres are normally worn and consumed and are directly related to the mileage.
a Accident consumption: the probability that tyres will be accidentally punctured, touched and damaged, and the probability that they will be damaged, is also related to the mileage.d Resuspendable consumption: rubber products, in poor outdoor conditions, will age over time, even when they are sequestered, and therefore their consumption is related to the time of use of tyres.
In addition to limiting the amount of demand for passenger cars, the larger impact is a negative impact on the price of products. In the shared car scenario, consumers have more rights to use than to own cars.
The most important factors that affect the choice of tyre products are their comfort, fuel economy, durability, safety, etc. The choice of brands is simply the choice of safety grabs.
And when a product’s customer turns from a personal consumer to a business, the brand’s influence will be significantly weakened by the ability of firms to make professional judgements. While large brand products can sell high prices on better quality, the brand premium component is already difficult to achieve.
With the trend towards shared cars, the customer base of cars changes, and so does the customer base of the product of the wheeled tires. The market characteristics of the wheeled tires of the wheels will probably be close to the firm growth space facing the standard commercial 5. The biggest difference between Chinese manufacturers and the traditional producers in Europe and America is that international manufacturers use roe as an important business indicator or even as a target for our business, while we do.
International firms in the tyre industry, through continuous innovation, move their product lines up high, strip away low-end products, and maintain high roe. Chinese tyre firms expand their production in marginal profit areas, increase their production to lower costs, and capture market shares for higher value than products.
The future trend toward the weakening of brands in demand for most of the wheeled tyres has led to the fall of this market demand into the competitive advantage that Chinese tyre firms are good at. Over the past 15 years, Chinese tyre firms have taken over most of the commercial tyre markets on high-value products, and over the next 15 years, they have continued to build on existing advantages.
In fact, in recent years, China’s tyre industry has been undergoing supply-side reforms in a context of overcapacity and inadequate start-up rates. Although this reform has not been as fast as other chemical industries have been driven by safety, environmental protection, and relocation, China’s tyre industry has not been able to achieve the same goal.
Only an internationalized tyre industry can emerge as a labour-intensive industry, and most countries and regions with a tyre industry will have trade barriers to protect their own industries. Trade barriers are both a challenge.
In the case of internationalized tyre companies, the high profits from the market are protected by barriers. Many of our top-ranked tyre companies have laid out offshore factories, including medium-politics, Linglong, coils, Pulings, generics, etc., which are capable of crossing the international layout threshold and increasing the distance between firms and other domestic firms.
Over the years, trade barriers have continued to be sanctioned, but they have never risen to the level of State support, and enterprises, in their hard-fought adversities, have begun to move away from the effects of trade sanctions. In addition to a listed company, there are medium-sized tyres, senium tyres, and port-listed companies, Plinshan, which have laid out overseas factories.
Domestic tyre firms are faced with more intense competition in the Red Sea, loss of profitability, and difficulty in making more substantial investment moves. The overseas layout will be a watershed in China’s tyre industry’s competition.
International first-rate manufacturers have ensured that the product is the product that is controlled by its decades-long experience of fine management, production processes. For almost a decade, the country’s tyre mills have been on a fast track and have been weak in fine management.
The main purpose of so-called smart factories is not to make products more efficient or less expensive, but to automate them to ensure that they are uniform. Thus, the tyre industry has developed characteristics different from those of other chemical industries. New and old installations in a coal industry produce the same products, but at different costs.
Investing in new production capacity, producing better-quality tyre products, obtaining better profits and cash flows, and having the capacity to sustain capital spending to build new production capacity, constitutes a positive cycle in the performance of domestic tire companies. So not all of the tyre industries experienced the same cycle fluctuations together.
The fate of small and medium-sized tyre businesses in the East has not yet turned in, but they are gradually leaving the market in a painful struggle. So, while changing demand for tyres in the use of cars has opened up room for the Chinese tyre industry to grow over the next 15 years, not all Chinese tyre businesses have access to this cake, but only a few of the leading firms that have deployed overseas capacity and are on a positive cycle of investment-led performance have been able to share it.
The world’s tyre market needs are close to $170 billion, and the country’s largest tyre firms currently earn less than $4 billion. This is no less than a virgin in many manufacturing industries, such as air conditioning, laundry machines, and consumer goods, where the top Chinese firms account for more than 20% of the global market.
7. The broad range of firm certainty growth is not reflected in the valuations, which currently show that the valuation level of a company listed on a tyre is not higher than that of a leading international company in the industry. In particular, companies whose performance is in an upswing period and whose valuations reflect normal valuation levels are not substantially different from international valuations.
At the collection rate of 24 October 2019, the average market rate for seven companies in Michilin, solidity, Pristom, mainland Germany, Japanese friend, solid platinum, Yokohama was 11.3 and the market rate for wheel tyres was 12.3.The average market rate for seven international companies was 1.1 and the market for wheel tyres was 1.56.
The average market sales rate for seven international companies was 0.6 and the market for wheel tyres was 0.74.The average sales rate for seven international companies was 5.0 and 6.62 for wheel tyres.
The leading international company listed in figure 16, company pb, company listed in figure 17, company ps, is in a steady period of operation, with the global tyre market growing by 33 per cent over the past decade and the combined income of the top six tyre enterprises worldwide
This represents an increase of 21 per cent, compared with an increase of 420 per cent in the sales of round tyres over the same period. Even so, the share of round tyres in the global tyre market in 2018 was close to 1 per cent.
Figure 19 Global sales of tyres, total sales of the world ' s top six international manufacturers, growth in round sales, growth rates of the world ' s top six international producers, by year, 20 2010-2018, and growth rates of the world ' s same industry, by year, by year, III, profit projections, valuations and investment ratings
The company’s domestic production capacity is mainly distributed in Qingdao, Dongbang, and Shenyang, while foreign production capacity is mainly distributed in Viet Nam. It is now mainly composed of 2.4 million steel products per year from Viet Nam’s joint venture, which is expected to be completed by 2020. In 2018, the real production capacity of non-road tyres at Qingdao factory increased by 10,000 tons, the total steel production capacity increased by 400,000 and the real production capacity of non-road tyres increased by 22,000 tons.
In 2018, the company returned to its mother ' s net profit of 668 million yuan, of which race wheels (Viet Nam) Ltd. contributed 515 million yuan in net profits, and the offshore plant became the largest company profit (1). The company ' s build-up of productive capacity is proceeding well, with a steady increase in the rate of production start-up and the Viet Nam joint venture ' s 2021 capacity releases 60 per cent. (3) The price of the main raw materials remains stable.
(4) Other operating income and the Maori rate remain stable.(5) The exchange rate remains stable, using the above-mentioned profit assumption, we take the risk-free rate of interest at 2 per cent, the market rate of return at 10.7 per cent and the rate of lasting growth at 1 per cent, using the dcf model for absolute valuation of companies.
The value of the company's internal value is $5.87/equity, with a “buy-in” rating. In terms of relative valuation, the market surplus is lower than the industry average.
China's tyre exports continue to run the risk of more severe international anti-dumping pressures.3 The risk of large fluctuations in prices of natural and synthetic rubber is high. Zhang Yansheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years of management experience for the China Chemical Group.
Liu Ding, Doctor of Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Economics, Chinese People’s University, two years of experience in civil aviation consultancy. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2015, and is currently engaged in research in the energy industry and transport logistics industry.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.