2024q3 Performance rating: timely adjustment, after launching Research Assistant Qui Quixiang incident: the company published its three-quarter 2024 report. Revenue of $24.3 billion was realized in the first three quarters, with the same increase
q3 diluted the demand for repayments, before the bottle was opened for sale. 24q3 experienced a fall in revenue, mainly due to the cooling of demand at the high end of the Mid-Autumn season, which led to a more cautious delivery of goods.
The mandate requires that the season primarily demand the opening of bottles and sales to consolidate channels and mitigate risks by controlling the deposits. 1 The revenue from the cellars in the first three quarters is lower than expected than in the mid-point.
The bottle rate has risen steadily, and we believe that the income growth in the cellar is basically at the level of real sales. Of these, north-west and south-west have been growing faster, east and south-west have adjusted, and China is under pressure.
Small decline in the Māori rate and cost-side optimization. 1) Payback: q3 end-of-season corporate contract liabilities are lower than the improvement in the use of primary source paper. 2) Profit end: q3 net interest rates are higher than the increase in net interest rates, which are lower product structures due to the slowdown in the country ' s population. 2q3 sales, management costs (including R & D)
Against this background, the company optimizes channel costs, moderate contractions, etc.; improvements in management rates are derived from the downside of equity incentive costs and optimized remuneration of employees.
The company's multi-priced products are mutually reinforcing, and the country's cellars have remained stable, and the cellars have remained stable during the year.
In the current context of low consumption, the real opening of the company’s products has been successfully experienced in the Penang cellar (000568), reporting in mid-2024.
Pressure tests, product-structure elasticity adjustment, guarantee robust income performance. Performance assessment: Building the foundations, risk prevention.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies based on healthy and sustainable development, proactive deceleration, and no backlash.
Figure 1: Net profit from mother ' s contribution to parent ' s contribution to parent ' s rate of increase in the county of 24q1 - q3
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.