On October 30, 2024, the Quarter of 2024 was published by Sunsss@cfsc.com.cn.
We've got a small increase in profits, a steady overall performance, a low-lying cellar, long-term end-building, product-oriented, medium- and high-end product-country customers, 1573, suctions, old succulents, etc.
1. " The old cellar in Xiangzhou (000568), with a small margin of profit, while the lower cellars perform better, with a rising product share. "
In the meantime, the company continues to promote the marketing of its products effectively by increasing its efforts on end-to-consumer incentives, such as scavenging red bags.
The theme of sexual development, dedicated to full-year interactive development, effectively nurtures and binds core consumption groups.
Super-expected, continuing brand performance 2024-04 - Macroeconomic downside risks, less than expected growth in the cellars, less than 60 per cent growth in the specials, presentation by the Food and Beverage Group
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
(cfa, three years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.