Food beverages in the Old Cedars (000568), 24q3 income relief, light-loading steady to the south-west securities research and development centre.
With the combined effect of the weak price of the liquor business, the demand for gifts, the weak price of the stacking of the pots, the increased confidence of the channel, and the insufficient willingness of the terminal during the two holidays, the growth of the company's single q3 income was significantly slower than in the first half of the year.2 It is important to note that the high-end state cellar combines the quantity and the price plate, and that the high state cellars are in place.
During the two-square period, the price has stabilized at about $880, low-lying customers continue to sell at a steady pace, the special 60 has remained strong in the band buying channels, and the wine is still being adjusted.3 Against the background of external pressure, the company promotes end-of-life sales by, for example, scavenging red packs, lowering the sales target and voluntarily controlling the return festival.
In addition, in such traditionally dominant areas as Sichuan and Huabei, the cellars continue to perform well, and in such markets as South China and Henan, the profitability continues to rise, and cash flows are under pressure.
In terms of cost rates, the single q3 sales cost rate fell by 1.1 percentage points to 11.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and capacity continued to rise under the management cost rate.3 In terms of cash flows, the company single q3 sales received $8.11 billion, or 19.4 per cent of the year;
In the context of industry-stressed growth, corporate management has taken the initiative to fully import into the “five-yard system” and to promote a “five-yard system”.
Continue to enhance consumer interaction, refine the data on the distribution of profit from the distribution of revenue through the effective regulation of the distribution of profits, and increase the power of control. 3. During the period of industrial contraction, companies insist on long-termism and take the initiative to build up their savings; looking forward to the future, with the macroeconomic progress being made, the end-marketing is expected to improve gradually, and the company is expected to do so in thousands of dollars.
The dollar is 14-fold, 13-fold, and 12-fold, respectively. The cellar brand is capable of continuing, growing steadily, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
2. Cemetery (000568), 23 years of successful admission to office, and No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No.