During the second half of the year, the year of snakes is expected to improve significantly, and consumption is low in the middle of the autumn, and the mainstream alcohol industry is generally moving at a more pragmatic pace. In April-September, consumption was generally weak, and, according to social zero data, the rate of increase in food, tobacco, alcohol, and beverages continued to be significantly lower in July-September.
Low demand margins, accelerated consumption of food and water, and relative stability in consumption (e.g., oil) of the population.1 At the end of the population: the q3 consumer confidence index index ring does not change much compared to q2, the middle-autumn tourism revenues, the country's Qinghai passenger flow is controlled by the same acceleration ring, and mid-morning fluctuations can be controlled; the feeding channels also feed back to the Middle-Autumn country
During the celebration, the residents' feasts and the consummation were at a similar pace. 2) At the end of the week, the company’s profits fell faster than ever before, the company’s budget for gifts was reduced, the demand for wine at the high end of mid-autumn fell significantly, and the demand for business hospitality remained low.
Quite cautiously, and more concentrated brand choices; the white wine industry has also made pragmatic adjustments, generally competing with the demand for dilution, giving priority to price-fixing, and q3 q3 Q3 is also pushing to control the stocking to maintain market integrity.
We're looking for a better growth rate of 2025. Before this round of market warming, the white plate fell ahead, with the largest drop of about 32% between the Shin Wan and the Whites Index, mainly due to the overall decline in the market, and the downward trend in the white wine scene; the largest drop was nearly 46% between the Penang and the City.
Xinhua Network reports that Sichuan Province commissioned the "Qingzhou cellar (000568), mid-2024.
Liu Xiaoju is the Secretary of the Xiangzhou City Council, and on October 18, the Xiangzhou old cellar group announced that according to the Xiangzhou performance evaluation: Building the foundations to protect against risk, Liao Jun is the Vice-Chairman and President of the group. We believe that there are two heavy personnel changes.
On the one hand, with regard to the stockholdings in Penang County, the group's personnel expectations have stabilized, on the other hand, the company's 2024h2 release window is timely and the goal of 2025 is more clearly defined.
2024 q1 comments: Stay firm, keep moving forward. There's a lot to be done for a lot of products and a lot to be downgraded. The company's multi-priced products in the first half of 2024 are moving in step, q2 in the southwest.
The open container of the cellar remains stable, the open bottle of the cellar and the open bottle of the pint remains at a higher water level, and the scavenging red bag, 10,300 and double 124 initiatives continue to create a strong consumer atmosphere. To this end, several dimensions are of great concern (one of which is whether the corporate product matrix can be adapted to the downscaling requirements under long-term consumption pressure; two,
Digitalized advantages, and the continuity of real open-bottle consumption stability; and its third, the legitimacy of the real reservoir), all have phased answers, but the q3 consumption situation is too severe, the prices of the competition remain low, companies are healthy and sustainable, willing to slow down and do not hide their potential.
Figure 1: Changes in China ' s consumer confidence index
Figure 3: Trends in social zero growth (%): Trends in tobacco and alcohol food associations (%): Trends in the price of high-end liquor ($/bottle)
Figure 6: Changes in the stock of high-end liquor: Splitting of net profit increase contribution for mother in figure 7:24h1 and split of net profit increase contribution for mother in figure 8:24q2
The three major financial forecasting tables of the Panzhou Sanctuary have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.