In the third quarter of the year, the Cedars (000568.sz) took the initiative to adjust the pace of their operations and maintain a healthy level of profitability.
In the third quarter, industry demand was further weakened, and companies recorded positive growth in their earnings. In the first three quarters, the top 60 editions of the special were the fastest, with the cellars expected to grow by double digits, with heights of 1573 slightly faster than low; the cellars were expected to be close to flat. In the third quarter, the top 60 editions of the special, the cellars were growing by one digits, the old word.
The number of specials/shelter age/headings have fallen on the same scale, with middle-rate prices dominated by natural sales, reducing the pressure on distributors’ channels. The demand in the white wine industry has further weakened, with the pipeline stock under greater pressure; companies have been at the core of promoting end-use sales to reduce pressure on distributors; and countries in the dominant regions, such as Sichuan and Huabei, have continued to perform well.
Largely as a result of increased company offers of alcohol to boost sales, the cost of offsetting revenue; a steady decline in operating costs of 2024q3 with a flat tax and surcharge ratio, a similar ratio of sales costs - 1.07 pcts, management costs - 0.58 pcts, and a more precise input into the digital engineering enabling costs, the cost of which continues to rise.
Over the same period of year, the ring ratio + $1.028 billion; under high stock pressure, companies have taken the initiative to lower sales company targets and mitigate profit forecasts and investment proposals: the pressure on demand in the white wine industry has gradually been passed to the side and brand side since the second quarter of this year, and companies have actively promoted end sales, improved dealers' stock pressure and adjusted targets.
And the rhythm is expected to release channel risks further in 2404, and the productive springs sales are expected to take place.
"Silves in Xiangzhou (000568.sz) - Quarterly Revenue Growth 21%, Cost-Efficiencies Continues to Be Better than Major Markets" Ratings. "Shelves in Xiangzhou (000568.sz) - Regional Subsidization Augmentation Increase, Digital Conversion
In the last three quarters, the top 60 editions of the specials/olds grew at the fastest rate, and the cellars are expected to grow by double digits, with heights of 1573 slightly faster than low; and the wine cellars/age
The headlines are expected to be flat. In the third quarter, the special 60th edition and the cellar have seen a single-digit growth, with the old-word feature/shelter age/headings on the downside, with middle-rate prices dominated by natural sales, alleviating the pressure on distributor channels. 20243 White wine industry needs are further weakened, channels are under pressure, and companies are at the core of promoting end-use sales.
Sichuan, Huabei, etc., has maintained a steady performance in their state cellar sales. Profitability is strong, with net interest rates of 2024q3 increasing by 0.9 pcts on the same basis. 2024q3 Māori ratio is equal to 0.52 pcts, mainly due to increased company offers of alcohol to boost sales, with costs offset by revenues; 2024q3 operating at a steady rate.
Lower, tax and surcharge rates are equal, sales rates are equal -1.07 pcts, management costs - 0.58 pcts, precision inputs for digital engineering enabling costs, and cost effectiveness continues to rise. Billion yen/year ratio + 24.5%, sales collections are $8.107 billion/year-to-19.4% lower than last year’s branding company.
During the same period, the ring ratio + 1,028 million yuan; under high stock pressure, companies took the initiative to lower sales company targets and mitigate distribution Prospective and investment proposals: since the second quarter of this year, pressure on demand in the white wine industry has gradually spread to the side of the channel and brand side, companies have actively promoted end sales, improved stock pressure on distributors, and proactively adjusted targets and rhythms.
It is expected that further channel risks will be released in 2404, with the potential for productive spring sales. A downward forecast of the previous profit forecast, figure 1:2021q1 so far, the total business income of the company in the single quarter and the rate of growth in the industry, increased competition, the recovery of demand in the industry, the pressure on profit margins at increased costs, food safety, etc.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject