• A summary report/media Internet industry
The growth in corporate operating income was in line with expectations, the outdoor advertising market was booming. The company's main business was the development and operation of life-cycle media, the main products of which were building media (including building screens, screen media and frame print media), cinema screen advertising media, sales terminal video media, etc., covering the city.
By the first quarter of 2017, according to the ctr media, the daily rate of the outdoor media was 87.8%, the highest ever for all media.
Elevator poster media advertising increased by 16.3% over the same year, and elevator television media advertising by 13.2% over the same year. As a leading outdoor advertising company, companies are likely to grow steadily in the future.
As of 2016, there were more than 1530 cinemas and more than 10,000 screens contracted by cinema media, covering a crowd of people in some 290 cities across the country. The cinema media revenue was 20.02% of total income.
According to the 1905 network, 460 new cinemas were added in the first half of 2017, with a total of 2,584 screens and 14 screens each day. With the downfall of the three or four-line city, there is still some room for growth in screens and cinemas.
At about 50%, there is room for improvement in the penetration of the stock market. As the pre-screening advertising effect becomes market recognition, it extends to the inner bond, covering the mainstream consumer's layout line, and the distribution of the ad is also entering the core of the competition for the user's mind, as China is entering an upscaling route of consumption.
In the age of branding, online integration spreads into China’s dominant trend of digital dissemination. By combining growth (8610) 85127645 and extended mergers and acquisitions, companies have developed into leading digital media outlets in the country.
The group focused on the mainstream consumer population in China's cities. The company's building media and the cinema's screen advertiser Research Assistant: The Scudlind continues to hold the common life scene of the consumer under the line, driving the growth of corporate income and profits.
iii. Profit forecasts and investment proposals should be 20 x, 18 x, and 15 x, respectively. The company, as the leader of the media industry in the world of life, maintains a relatively rapid and sustainable development of the cinema media and the outdoor media industry.
1. Downside macroeconomics; 2. Decline in advertising; 3. Lack of business expansion; Summary of corporate financial statement data projections Hu Sam, Media Internet Leader, University of Foreign Economy and Trade, Master of Financial Sciences, July 2011 to date, with multi-year research in the media Internet industry
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute of the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and independent of any third party.