The performance of q3 meets expectations and the operational structure and profitability continue to be optimized — the performance of q3 in the three-quarters of UV countries is met, with high year-round growth potential, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
The company publishes three quarterly reports: 2,489 million yuan (+45.48%) in the first three quarters of 2019, resulting in a net return to the mother, 15-45% increase in the same year, corresponding to our earlier expectations. We believe that, with the rapid growth of the network, cloud computing and 5g, corporate smart security chips are taking place in the larger context of the accelerated replacement of national production.
Businesses, fpga operations, and special integrated circuit chip operations are expected to develop opportunities. Business quality is expected to continue to improve, with a significant increase in the company ' s Māori ratio to 35.83 per cent, while single-quarter harvests continue to grow at a high rate due to the higher Māori rate of special integrated circuits than other operations.
The increase in the Māori ratio resulted in an increase in the company ' s combined Māori ratio to 35.83 per cent (+5.9 ptt) in the first three quarters of the year: the optimization of the business structure led to a significant increase in profitability; on the cost side, the increase in the size of the collection led to a reduction in the cost of the company ' s sales to 3.39 per cent (-0.35 ptt) and a small reduction in the management cost ratio.
At the same time, the company increased its investment in R & D, with its R & D in the first three quarters focusing on the design industry for the long term, and looking ahead to the future integrated circuit operation remains a long-term growth driver. The company has been focusing on the design and development of integrated circuit chips, smart security chips, special integrated circuits, etc.
The H1 performance growth, special integrated circuits and memory chips are widely recognized by downstream customers. Looking ahead, corporate smart security card chips are growing steadily against the background of national secret algorithms and import substitution, as well as the expansion of the third generation of social security card markets.
Special integrated circuits include a new generation of fpga, sopc products and 3d envelopes.
(b) In order to keep the company healthy, the company will then transfer 76 per cent of its shareholdings, reduce financial pressure on the public sector, improve its financial position and profitability, and further consolidate resources to develop other business.