The main battalion has grown in size and has maintained a high rate of growth in the three quarters. 25 October 2019 incident: the company issued a three-monthly report in 2019, a single-season collection ($930 million, +41.38 per cent).
From the beginning to the end of the three quarters (2.490 billion yuan, +45.48 per cent), a single-quarter net profit for the mother (172 million yuan, +2.54 per cent) and from the beginning to the end of the three quarters (365 million yuan, +26.88 per cent) The company ' s integrated circuit operations have expanded in size and increased in revenue, with a sustained growth expected in the fourth quarter.
The company’s main business is the design and sale of integrated circuit chips, including smart safety chips, special integration circuit chips, and storage chips. Benefiting from the expansion of the company’s main business, the third quarter’s revenues (US$ 930 million, +41.38%), the mother’s net profit (US$ 172 million, +254%) and the Maori rate today.
In comparison with the previous year’s corporate trends in the above-documented index, the dollar’s exchange rate against the renminbi increased the exchange rate’s exchange rate by a significant increase in the current period’s cash discounts. In addition, the company’s research and development costs were 140 million yuan, an increase of 25.01 per cent over the same period the previous year.
The growth in the size of the operation and the company ' s extended client account period to expand market share and increase stock preparation resulted in a 50.64 per cent increase in notes receivable from the beginning of the year and a 53.13 per cent increase in accounts receivable balances from the beginning of the year. In addition, the balance of company advances increased by 117.74 per cent from the beginning of the year as a result of an increase in advance payments and service charges.
On the other hand, net cash flows from operating activities amount to $239 million, an improvement over the same period in the previous year. The company’s projected steady delivery of integrated circuit chip operations in the fourth quarter is expected to maintain a relatively high rate of increase, and the return of some accounts receivable can also enhance the company’s cash flow.
The company’s smart chip business consists mainly of smart card security chips and smart terminal security chips. Among these, the smart card security chip’s medium- and low-end telecommunications cards are highly competitive, and the company’s guarantee of medium- and low-end cards stabilizes delivery.
On the basis of this, high-end card markets have been boosted to take over the market. From market demand analysis, the silver card chips, driven by the national production rate, have grown across the board, with a consistent increase in market share. The second-generation I.D. chip is still at its peak for 10 years, and it is expected to be issued throughout the year.
In addition, the company’s new high-performance and secure chip market has been well rolled out, gaining more customer approval, and gradually releasing goods in markets such as the market for poss and sweeps. In the area of smart terminal security, the overall market size of the usb-key chip has declined slightly, and the company has been good with its customers.
Co-operatively, taking a share of the market, and a reverse growth in product output. The development of the fpga series of capital-building bonds Ltd. has been successful, helping companies to strengthen their niche in the area of special integrated circuits.
The successful roll-out of the new generation of large-scale programming devices, the fpga series, which is one of the core components of the user’s national substitution, will further strengthen the company’s leadership in this product area. The company is continuously refining the value-added and compact-based value-added of the logos series.
The product model of the compact series compactcpld, while actively promoting the application and industrialization of the titan, logos, and compact series, is being delivered in bulk in the communications, industrial and consumer markets. The memory chip industry is moving down the cycle, and the company’s output remains stable.
The price of the storage chip product continued to decline significantly in 2019, and the industry entered a downward cycle. The company’s dram memory chip and memory module series continued to remain stable on servers, personal computers, roof boxes, television sets, etc., and grew steadily in the market for domestic computer applications.
Dram storage products, supply stability in areas such as engineering, electricity, security, communications and car electronics with safety and high reliability requirements, small-volume sales of products such as the ddr4 module, newly developed products and programs are progressing well.
Crystal operations continue to be affected by the expansion of industrial capacity, and companies actively expand new areas of the market. In response to the continuing effects of the expansion of production capacity in the domestic pressure crystals industry, the smd3225 products remain oversupplyed and the prices of the products are falling fast.
The company has increased the development of new products, further expanding new market areas such as mobile communications, electronics for cars, industrial controls, smart electricity meters, and actively matching domestic demand for the domestic communications company ' s frequency components. The company intends to acquire 100% of the UVA stock, and its fully-owned subsidiary Linxens is the global sales scale.
One of the largest producers of smart and secure chip components, Help, is opening up overseas markets. Linxens, whose main business is to design and produce smart and safe chip microconnectors, rfid mounds, and antennas, is closely linked to the company’s business. Through this asset reorganization, the company will have access to a secure and stable supply of microconnectors.
And expand overseas channels to enhance global competitiveness. Growing year by year, there is a risk of untimely repayments, cash flow pressure; companies have major asset restructuring plans, and related risks need to be addressed.