Murray Medical (300.760.ch): 2022 and 1q23 have met expectations, vd has suffered slightly from the epidemic, and life information and support performance has become more visible in the three core production lines, especially since December last year.
Domestic sales are equal to > 100%. ivd plates are blocked by the epidemic and the number of routine consultations and medical examinations is falling.
High-end offshore clients break through the logic; vd earns equal to +21%, Māori rate equal to –2.2 pcts to 60.4%, with a slowdown in the number of regular consultations and medical examinations under the control of the epidemic in the country, which slows down to +15%, and overseas revenue through the pass-through on icl to +35%;
The decline in the Māori rate is mainly due to the epidemic containment of the consumption of vd reagents, while the installation of equipment continues to push, resulting in an increase in the ratio of equipment income (lower ratio of Māori for equipment reagents); medical images are received by the same ratio + 19 per cent, Māori + 0.1 pcts to 66.4 per cent, and income growth continues to benefit from the high end
The ultrasound and medium- and high-end ultrasound i series of sales in and out of the country. 1q23 plate performances were fragmented, but overall growth was robust. 1q23 income/gross life information versus support income +63 per cent, and the Māori rate increased by the same amount.
The strong majority was the result of a significant increase in the procurement of equipment, such as internal monitors and respirators, since the onset of the epidemic in December of last year, with respiratory sales increasing more than 3.5 times, leading to a shift in the 1q23 guardianship line country towards life information and support plates; and (2) a failure to fully recover the number of consultations and consultations during the current season.
With the return of custody equipment from high to normal and the return to normal medical treatment, the vd and medical video production lines have been recovering since February this year. The biochemical reagent clustering is still expected to increase at a faster rate, and the vd collection has had a relatively positive impact to date.
In 23 provinces, biochemistry reagents have recently begun to be implemented everywhere, and Jiangxi has recently initiated data collection on the historical procurement of biochemical kidneys and myocardial enzyme reagents.
The increase in biochemical operations in 2023 will continue at a faster rate. According to the results of the implemented collection of chemically luminous agents, Méri’s chemical luminous operations in 2022, which is equal to > 85% (the collection results were implemented in November 2021), have had a relatively positive impact to date.
Scavenger attention to the international study of Pui Jin, financial statement analysis and forecasting, Méri Medical, Pui Jin-Il.
2022 Core business performance Life information and support: Income increased by 20 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with micro-surgery increasing by more than 60 per cent (hard business recovery, with overseas growth driven by continued penetration from high-end clients.
From -0.1 pcts to 66.3 per cent In vitro diagnosis: 21 per cent increase in income for the same year, with chemical luminous + 30 per cent to more than 3 billion people
The speed of the increase has been hampered by the epidemic’s containment of routine consultations and a decline in the number of medical examinations: 70 icl breakthroughs overseas, resulting in over 35% growth in overseas income. The Māori ratio is between -2.2 pcts and 60.4%, mainly due to the slowing down of ivd reagent consumption as a result of the epidemic, while the equipment loads continue to progress (more equipment is being tested).
The increase in the revenue of equipment is due to a lower rate of Māori, which is the result of an increase of 19 per cent in income over the same period, with ultrasound increasing by more than 20 per cent, mainly benefiting from the use of the high end ultrasound and medium end ultrasound i series, both in and out of the country, and despite domestic ultrasound purchases.
The impact of the epidemic is contained, but the company continues to raise the ratio of tertiary hospitals. The Māori ratio is the same as +0.1 pcts Life Information and Support: 63% increase in revenue and the Māori increase in Māori.
In vitro diagnosis & medical images: In vitro diagnosis/medical image revenue fell by 8/14% per year, and Māori rates fell by 14% per year. The main reason for the decline in income is: 1) the production end company will produce a significant output.
ivd and medical images have been gradually recovering since February, and it is expected that the rest of the year will be over.
This target is estimated at a multiplier of 0.2 standard deviations compared to the average value level of Méri Medical (47x) over the past three years (see figure 8); 2) the objective is valued at a multiplier of the current 2023epe valuation of a medical device block
31x has a certain premium (see figure 9), which reflects, among other things, a more defined growth outlook, a stronger R & D capacity, a larger scale effect, and a stronger spdbinternational.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the securities and futures regulations (Chapter 571) in the first category (securities transactions) and the fourth category (discussing securities).
All the information is collected from this report and distributed to anyone. No one may use any of the information in this report for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters. You shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.