In the first three quarters of 2023, the company realized business income.
27,229 million yuan, an increase of 15.29% in the same year; a net return profit of 9,586 million yuan in the same year; a net return profit of 3,30 billion yuan in the same year; an increase of 23.88% in the same year.
Investment and management perform better than their peers. Companies have been active in the last three quarters, moving forward with ficc quantification, strategic transformation, continued expansion of financial assets, and growth in the scale and rate of return of investment driven investment income.
The 52-week peak/minimum price has increased significantly, and companies have achieved $7,675 million in investment business income (including fair value changes), a year-on-year increase driven by sustained growth in management performance, mainly as a result of the increased profitability of pooled public funds.
Brokering is under pressure, and numbers are rising. As a result of declining transaction volumes and falling agency commission rates, the raw business system continues to optimize the “breathing wealth” platform, continuously upgrades the financial and trade services system, and effectively improves customer stickyness and captures capital market opportunities.
The former company’s ipo reserve was 28, ranking second in the industry. At the same time, the company is expected to continue to have an advantage in doing business during the ipo’s slowdown.
" Huatai Securities (601688.sh) - Investment Reverse, Net Growth: The Impact of Equity Market Volatility on Securities Businesses " - Investment Proposal: Our Probate of Companies ' Profited Securities (601688.sh) - The Platform ' s Persistence, Science and Technology Motivated Transformation " .
" Huatai Securities (601688.sh) - Science and Technology Establishments and Wealth Ecology " - " Huatai Securities (601688.sh) - Smart Performance, Investment Performance " - and product advantages, maintaining a "buy-in" rating for companies.
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Corporate operating income and rate of increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Corporate net profit return and rate of increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Single-season net profits and growth of companies (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 5: Structure of the company's main business Investment Recommendations: the impact of new regulations on securities operations based on equity market fluctuations and regulation of corporate profits
The company maintains a “buy-in” rating. Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and the conclusion is free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.