The advertising industry is back on track, focusing on top-of-the-line performance -- 2025q3 Performance Review Mango Supermoment (stock code: 300413)
The first three quarters of Mangotv’s business is robust, and the advertising industry’s recovery fell, mainly as a result of the contraction of the monolithic plates. The core platform Mangotv has a similar harvest in the year, with an average of about 11.08% of the monthly live user value of Mangotv in January-September 2025, according to qm, and user-end data.
At the same time, the company has implemented the Mango Three-Year Action Plan to improve the effectiveness of international communication by exploring local content creation, operation, and cooperation.
q3-quarter advertising revenue has increased by the same amount. Quality drama reserves are rich, and a follow-up online company’s stock show, The Water Dragon, was broadcast live in October until its call-off on January 25, 2026, and will match the eight Davids, including Mangotv, on the Web platform.
Investments suggest that the company’s performance during the year is caused by multiple factors, such as a contraction of the power grid and an increase in content input. But companies keep investing at the content level, promising returns in the long term: q4 multi-pricing.
At the same time, “broadwave 21” is the latest policy support for the supply of content in the industry, or it will result in more high-quality dramas.
(300413.sz) _ High-quality content to strengthen the user base, new rules of broadband or enabling drama creation 2.
(300413.sz) _ The strategy of going to the sea has been very effective, and the content of the project continues. I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.