Three-quarterly review of Mango Super-Media (300413.sz).
In the first three quarters, the company achieved operating income of RMB 9,063 million and net profit returns of RMB 1,016 million, down 11.82 per cent and 29.67 per cent, respectively, corresponding to zhangheng2@guosen.com.cnchenyorong@guosen.com.cn
2) 25 years q3 realized revenues of 3,099 million yuan, resulting in a net profit of 252 million yuan to the mother, a decline in the same year compared to the same year, mainly due to the company ' s increased investment in head video, ecological layout and technology applications; 4) the net operating cash flow for the first three quarters was 674 million yuan, a rise in the same year.
The core platform has performed well, and advertising has hit the bottom line. 1) The first three quarters of the core platform, Mangotv, has a substantially flat and robust business income compared to the previous three quarters; 2) on the user side, the monthly average of Mangotv users in January-September.
The content continues to be eco-friendly, with attention paid to the arts and the show performance. 1) The art show continues to be a leading industry. 7th season of the Secret Room Breaking the Trail 2025, the girl in my house 2025, the q3 q3 q3 show performed well; 2) in the show "Flammation of Art."
The company's reserves are close to 100 screen shows such as "The Salt Fish Rise" and "The Bones of Wild Dogs" with the combined influence of Mangotv and Hunan Watch platforms across the network and on the stage, adding up to the latest policy of the industry authorities on the supply of content to the wide television industry.
In follow-up to this, the multi-channel version of "Seeing Your Lovers Season 5 " , " Sounding Far Away " , and the episode of "The Water Dragon" is on the line; 4) the mini-fiction has continued, and the home-made screen short play "The Kang Song" has been effectively aired in May.
(a) Mango SuperMechanism (300413.sz) - Middle Report Review: Core business remains robust and content is on the list; the first pip-derived microplay, “Thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-year report on Mango SuperMechanism (300413.sz) — Annual and Quarterly Report Review: Short Content Repression
A series of long-tailing effects, such as the "Real Pearl" series and the "New Dragon Gate Inn" of Orange, are evident. The "Mango Supermix" (300413.sz) Quarterly 3 of 24: Income Tax Impacts Short-Term Businesses, P.I.P. will be converted into short dramas.
Mongo Supermix (300413.sz)-24 Mid-year Review: Income Tax Impacts Short-Term Performance
Keeping an eye on the advantages of company content and platform operations, maintaining “better than the big market” and falling profits, and the contraction of power-market operations, leading to a decline in revenues. 1) Business performance in the first three quarters of the year was lower, mainly in the traditional television shopping sector; net profit returns in the same year were lower, mainly in the case of mothers.
Thanks to the company's increased investment in head-winding, ecological layout and technology applications; 4) net operating cash flow of $674 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 307.14 per cent over the previous three quarters; solid core platform business performance, with advertising moving up the bottom; 1) core platform Mangotv operating in the first three quarters.
The average monthly living value of mango tv increased by approximately 11.08 per cent (qm data) in January-September, winning the overall performance of the industry; 3) the advertising business was warming up, with revenue from advertising rising by the same year in the third quarter.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, independence, objectivity, impartiality and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.