The microscopic strategy has deepened and head-mixing or driving performance continues to warm.
• Performance has now returned to the trend of long-term growth of the company's comprehensive art series, maintaining a “buy-in” rating resulting in an increase in the cost of Internet video operations, of which $3.10 billion (same-66 per cent) was received by q3 battalions, resulting in a net profit of $250 million (same-33.5 per cent). Sustained inputs and advertising sources based on the company's performance and content costs in the first three quarters of the company
The long-term growth of the Department's comprehensive art series, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. • Mangotv month is growing steadily, advertising is warming back, policy or support is developing over time q1-q3 mangotv users' monthly averages increased by 11 per cent in 2025, and q3 advertising revenues.
In addition, the company maintains a healthy operating cash flow of $670 million (+307 per cent of the year) in net operating cash flows of q1-q3 and a fund reserve of over $13 billion at the end of September, which provides solid support for the follow-up and continued expansion of content, technology and new business layout.
In October 2025, Mangotv launched the “aigc micro-prosthetists eco programme”, which will provide 100 microscopics.
This initiative, supported by scripts, comic rights ip, ai tools and financial flows, is expected to further expand the quality of the built-in supply and generate income growth in the member’s business. In addition, the company reboots the popularly elected sound of short-term fluctuations in performance, and the foundation of the member’s business is solid.
Expedition 2025, which covers the three main ways of singing "The Voice, the Nation, the Pop", with 38 cities, 37 policies or support for growth - company information updates, professional groups, 86 art colleges to build a talent selection network, has continued to increase since the launch of the pre-elections.
2025.8.25 On October 28th, co-dissemination will take place on the eight main platforms of Hunan and Jiangsuweg, which are expected to drive the increase in the number of advertisers.
Contribution to corporate performance is significant. Continued release of quality content - company update - contribution to performance restoration - corporate update report