The priority products led to growth and focused on the return of the cost input later. The Ily shares (600887.sh) published the 2018 semi-annual report. In the first half of 2018, the company realized business income.
39,589 million yuan, an increase of 18.88 per cent in the same year; net return profit of 3,446 million yuan, an increase in the same year.
The growth in corporate operating income has been maintained at a high level, cash flows have been robust, profits have increased in the first half of the year, driven mainly by high sales costs, sudden growth in the capacity of companies to develop and sell new products, rapid growth in liquid milk and milk powder operations, and rising market rates.
(i) Maintenance of a robust growth rate and cash flow, corporate branding and leadership in the dairy industry. According to Brandfinance, "The top 10 dairy brands in the world in 2018", companies received global milk
In the first half of the year, corporate income grew faster, and profits increased slightly.
Operating income grew by 18.88 per cent on a year-on-year basis, higher than the previous year ' s growth rate since 2012, with a strong recovery of 2015h1 and income growth.
The profit performance in the second quarter is weaker than in the first quarter. Companies complete their operations in the first and second quarters by $19.576 billion, or 24.56 per cent, or 13.80 per cent, respectively; the net profit split in the second quarter of the company continues to grow at a steady rate of more than 20 per cent.
In the second quarter, income increased at a lower rate than in the second quarter, with net profit and net profit from non-mortality increasing at the same rate as in the second quarter. The firm ' s cash flow was robust and positive. In the first half of 2018, net cash flows from corporate operations increased by 86.73 per cent over the same period.
The ratio of cash to operating income was 109.44 per cent, compared to 107.92 per cent in the same period last year; the ratio of net cash flows to net profits was 126.2 per cent in 2018h1 and 69.80 per cent in the same period last year. The ratio of cash to operating income received by companies for sales of goods and the provision of services over the years was almost 110 per cent, which is public.
The performance of the Division is positive: the ratio of net operating cash flows to net profits reflects the bargaining power of the company, higher amounts payable and received in advance of the company, lower accounts receivable and advances, higher net operating cash flows than net profits, and suggests a stronger upstream/downstream relationship.
Figure 3: Analysis of net operating cash flows and net profits (year, billions of yuan) (ii) Higher sales rates delay profit growth.
The company ' s Māori rate varies significantly in the first and second quarters, where the net interest rate is significantly lower than in the first quarter, mainly due to high sales costs, higher sales costs than q15.38 pct, lower management costs than q10.61 pct, lower financial costs than q10.24 pct, superimposed by other impact factors, and ultimately lower net interest rates than q13.95 pct, where the difference in sales costs is most affected.
The company ' s Māori rate is seasonal and the sales cost rate is largely influenced by the company ' s policy. From the company ' s single-year q2 sales rate since 2010, it is higher than q1. From the company ' s single-quarter Māori rate since 2010, the company ' s Māori rate was lower than q2 in all other years, except in 2017, when it was slightly higher than the Q1 Māl 1.05 pct.
Billions of dollars, or 32.98 per cent more than the previous year, were due mainly to increases in employee salaries, advertising rents, loading and unloading charges, which increased by 37.57, 38.94, 19.21 per cent. According to the semi-annual reports of Monx milk and bright milk, the cost of sales in Moncroit for the same period was bright, and revenues from the first half of 2018 were derived from the Ili stock, the Monc milk industry, and the bright milk industry.
The rate of increase was 18.88, 17.15 and 3.23 per cent respectively, and the rate of increase was positive for the same period. However, the difference between the Monx and the rate of increase was rapid (iii) with the priority products of 2018h1 with good feedback from the market for new products.
Māori levels for milk powder and dairy products are high, but there has been a slight decline in the first half of the year, with a slight increase in the rate of cold-smelling Māori, a rising rate of liquid milk, and a strong capacity to develop and sell new products. Nelson zero research data show that in the first half of 2018, companies regularly increased their market retail share of temperate milk, low-temperature liquid milk and infant and child formula powder, respectively, by 2.4, 1.0, and 2.4.
0.8pt. In the first half of the year, the company's sales revenue from its “Golden Fair”, “Anmush”, “Lighty”, “Every day”, “Jeyday”, “Golde's crown”, “Laz” and “Sweety” series of priority products increased by more than 30% over the same period of the previous year. In the first half of the year, the company produced a series of vegetable protein beverages “planting” of soy milk, energy beverages “awakening”, fruit and fruit shakes, ladies' matches.
The market feedback is now good for products such as the powdered milk "beautiful" and the high-end yogurt-based "breathing light-pet" products. In the first half of 2018, companies increased their sales revenue by 5 pct over the same period of the previous year.
Risks from price volatility of raw materials; food safety risks; macroeconomic and policy risks. Figure 10: Indicators of growth, profitability and operational capacity (biannual) Table 5: Key financial indicators (annual comparison)
Figure 11: Growth, profitability and operational capacity indicators (annual)