The newtimesecritities industry has continued with a sustained rise in the share of the flagship in both supply and demand, and breast milk has entered the climate cycle:
Supposing: domestic milk prices are expected to rise at a moderate rate. (1) Domestic milk prices do not have a much lower basis.
At the same time, when milk prices are flat or mildly rising, dairy companies generally lower their promotion costs. On the demand side: gdp heats back up, leading to higher disposable incomes for both urban and rural residents.
By 20 kg, while liquid milk consumption is only two-thirds of Japan’s, China’s dairy consumption is growing in scope.
The era of quantitative expansion has entered a period of structural upgrading, with high-end + new products emerging as major profit growth points. Eli shares, Anmush, and Kimjung, two billion-grade monoliths, earned more than 30 per cent of their income in 2017. The cryogenic yoghurt is the next place to compete. The product lines are rich, and the low-temperature yoghurt brands are mostly light, large-fruit yoghurt, and so on.
The channel industry is the strongest, and the share of low-temperature yogurt milk sales is expected to continue to rise as the cold-chain penetration rises. Channels and marketing capabilities lead, and sales are expected to increase again:
Urban and rural markets are expected to be the main consumer for the future. Eli’s shares are on three or four lines and rural areas are growing faster than industry, forming a vast network of channels, with a “wider + depth + density” that transcends all rivals. Marketing costs are higher, using online and offline themes to raise brand power.
Net sales totalled 280 million yuan, up to 80 per cent from the previous year, with the highest rate of growth in the industry.
Domestic milk prices have not been based on a significant drop in prices. In 2014, excess milk led to the withdrawal of dairy farmers from cattle-killing and scavengers, with a steady decline in the domestic milk stock, which in 2016 was the same as -6.25%; and a decrease in the number of imported cows, which is estimated to remain low in 2018, directly contributing to a contraction in the supply of original milk.
In addition, with the increased automation of rangeland planning techniques, grazing equipment and environmental protection, the country’s larger rangelands are growing and individual pastures are growing in size, standardization, and concentration are growing. The average price of fresh milk in the main production areas is now stable, and domestic milk prices are expected to rise mildly in 2018.
The average size of the rangeland is growing year by year, the number of scalded pastures is increasing year by year, the import of large powder is replaced by domestic raw milk, and international milk prices depend on the import of large powder for transmission.
There is a need to take into account the impact of domestic and foreign price differentials on domestic primary milk, as well as the changing trend in the import of bulk powder and stock levels. Higher international milk prices have led to a recovery in domestic milk prices.
Domestic firms will give preference to home-grown milk, raise demand for fresh milk, and promote higher domestic milk prices, thus making international and domestic milk prices more relevant. With New Zealand-based milk cuts, the price of gdt's whole-fat milk powder continues to rise, and international milk prices are no longer competitive with domestic original milk prices.
This has led to a recovery in domestic prices of fresh milk, and imported milk has no price advantage.
Large powder stocks are at a low level, considering that the difference in the price of medium and external milk has narrowed, the advantage of imported large powder is no longer high, and future imports are expected to stabilize and slow down. As a result of the 2013 milk shortage, China ' s large powder imports reached a high of 850,000 tons in 2013 and 2014 and fell to 720,000 tons in 2016.
Global milk production is growing year by year, and global milk prices are unlikely to rise unless New Zealand is hit by a climate disaster, and therefore future milk imports are expected to occur.
New Zealand is a major original milk importer, and the price of milk powder is low.
Global milk production is growing year by year 1.2. At the end of demand: rising consumption is leading to a recovery in dairy demand. The warming starts in the third quarter of the year, directly leading to an increase in disposable income for both urban and rural residents.
The consumption of liquid milk is less than 20 kg, compared to the average consumption of Asian countries such as Japan and Korea of more than 30 kg, Europe and Australia of more than 30 kg, our consumption habits are similar to those of Japan and Korea, while the consumption of liquid milk is only two thirds of that of Japan and Korea, and there is much room for growth in China’s dairy consumption. We believe that as the economy warms and the population’s disposable income rises, the demand for dairy products is high.
An analysis of the extent to which Chinese adults consume their dairy products, and consumption increases and milk channels sink into market space. The rise of urban and rural consumption does not impose strict spending restrictions on income, prefers product quality and lifestyle, and consumption habits tend to converge in one or two directions.
According to the ocean wharf data, three-line cities grew 109% by sea, far more than one-line cities 78%. And of the 30 cities with the highest risk of overseas purchases, three or four-line cities account for more than half. As the economy warms back and the demand for dairy consumption warms, the three or four-line market space is opened, and the sink contributes most to the growth of liquid milk sales.
Sales are increasing at a significantly faster rate than in the three- or four-line cities, lower-line markets are increasing at a significantly faster rate than average industry, markets 2, product structure upgrades have become the main driving force 2.1, dairy products are beginning to be upgraded, and the high-end share is rising.
The high-end market for mature dairy products in two-line cities is accelerating. The economic development of the first- and second-line cities in the country is now at a higher level, and the consumption of dairy products is moving from the age of expansion to the age of structural upgrading. Quality and high-end upgrading will be the main driving forces of the milk market in the first- and second-line cities. In the context of rising consumption, medium- and high-end dairy classes will be pushed.
The second-line market for dynamic dairy products continues to open up. Domestic retail prices for yogurt and milk are still rising at an equal rate of 0 to 5%. Higher-end product-driven structural upgrading is evident. According to our calculations, the average white milk brand of Eli's shares, retail sales revenue of +10 to 15%, has also recovered and recovered significantly.
Starting in 2014, the ratio of high-end Ely shares has risen significantly over a two-year period. 2.2, product upgrades to new products, pioneer Ely shares to lead the vagaries, quality innovations to boost consumption, and high-end new products to boost prices.
In this context, dairy companies have introduced new products that, through product innovation and promotion, have led to an overall upswing in dairy consumption, which has driven income growth, as well as an increase in the overall profitability of the enterprise, given that most of the new products are high-end products with a retail final price of over $8.
With annual growth, the shares of the two billion-grade monoliths, Ammush and Kimjung, over 30% in 2017, are expected to continue to rise as the power of high-end new products rises. The shares of Elie, Monc milk, and the major new products and unit prices that have been introduced in the past five years, are expected to continue to rise.
Substitutes for consumption upgrades are inevitable, and high-end + new products are introduced as major profit growth points. (1) By industry, pyrolytic milk, emulsions are increasing by more than 20 per cent, followed by walnut milk by 15 per cent +, high-end white milk is increasing by close to walnuts and pet bottles, gold medals are improving organically, and two blasts are expected to grow at a high rate in the next two years;
Cactococcal substitute milk drinks, such as nutrient fasts, are sold at a rate of more than 100%. Soy milk and other products continue to be rolled out, plant protein market space is taken up, Erie shares are upgraded, increased and sustainable, and profits are increased by 2.3, and CYC is the next place to compete.
The market for milk products as a whole has grown steadily, so the yogurts have performed well, and sour milk has grown fastest in the sale of yogurt, but it is still the main source of sales. According to the China Business Intelligence Network, about 50% of Chinese dairy sales come from China.
Rural and urban areas. The cold chain is demanding, and sales can only be opened in the first and second-line cities with well-developed cold chains, such as the first-line city (wide north) where low-temperature milk consumption accounts for about 30% of total dairy consumption and the provincial capitals for 23%.
The milk can add good fungus, while the pyrolytic milk, as a result of the last uht disinfection, does not contain any active germ species, is purchased.
When buying dairy products, consumers are the most willing to pay premiums for health-related characteristics. According to the findings of Brother Iran, adding and reducing health classes is the key factor that consumers are most willing to pay premiums, such as adding nutrients such as proteins and calcium (47%) and other healthy foods such as nuts and super-fruits (44%):
For example, low lipid/relubrication (47%) and no additions. And Creams can have many possibilities for product upgrading, such as adding supplements such as fruit grains or overall upgrading to increase milk protein content, increasing the process to Greek yogurt, etc. Product upgrading can be simpler and easier to replace older products.
The product lines are rich, and the refined operations are expected to win the competition. Eli shares in the low-temperature yoghurt brands are mostly light, low-lactose fermented milk, large-fruit yogurt milk, and child-friendly qq stars. Companies are rich in variety, finer in operation, better marketing than competitors, and the share of low-temperature yoghurt sales has remained steady for years.
3. Channels and marketing capabilities are ahead, and sales are expected to increase by 3.1, and by better tillage channels, as well as by changing consumer structures in the counties and communes and returning population flows, with three or four-line cities becoming the main consumers in 2017.
Three or four-line cities, both selling and price increases, are the main driving force behind the growth of the dairy industry. (1) After 80 or 90, the dominant domestic consumer population is now based on the idea that consumption is based on product quality and lifestyle, and that spending is not strictly constrained by income, so that three or four-line urban consumption habits converge towards one or two.
Trend. According to the ocean terminal data, three-line city sea purchases grew by 109 per cent, well over 78 per cent. And 30 of the cities with the highest risk of overseas shopping, with more than half of the cities living on three or four lines, are affected (2) by the high level of life in one or two-line cities, with some practitioners choosing to return to work, and by policy facilitation, there is a clear trend of return migration, on the one hand.
Increased consumption in lower-line cities; on the other hand, per capita consumption spending is also leading the dry industry with the perceived effects of higher wealth. (1) The Ili shares, the Monx milk industry, have sunk, compared to the rural market, where the overall sale of Ili liquid milk has increased by 20 to 25 per cent, with gold medals growing by 25 to 30 per cent.
The rate of growth in the pyrotechnic milk is 60-70%, which is significantly higher than the overall rate. The market for the pristine milk industry is about 45% higher than the country-wide level of 35%. (2) The quality of the flagship products is good, and the product of the county-town market is necessarily replaced.
The market for milk beverages has seen a slight decline in the cities of Vahaha and Wangwang, where rural consumers naturally choose brands, products, brands, brands, and brand names.
Second-line cities, while opening up down-line cities and towns. With the Ministry of Commerce's “Many Villages Market Project”, Eli's shares have increased rural network coverage. The current channel has sunk with excellent results: (a) the business model of modern channels management, and the previous “weaving plan”, creating a vast network of channels, all of which are “wider + depth + density”
2) In 2016, the Ili shares directly controlled village network reached 34.2 million households, with a two-fold increase in comparison to the previous year, and the market penetration capacity is growing year by year. The Ili stock stock market is growing at a much faster rate than the whole, with the most sunk channels.
In the case of the Henan region, there are on average two or three distributors in one county and only one milk market. 3.2. Marketing capacity is created and sales are expected to increase.
Eli has excellent marketing skills, higher sales costs, and uses online and offline to spread the theme, focus on core content, use new media social platform resources to raise brand power. In terms of overall viewing, the share of Eli is almost twice as high as that of Monx milk, and the main product is well advanced in advertising.
Net sales amounted to $280 million, up by 80 per cent in the same year, the highest growth in the industry. In the 618 World Wars in the Middle East, announced in the City of Tokyo, the food and beverages industry ranked first in the milk industry. In 2017, the Māori rate was 37.28 per cent, higher than the Monx milk industry, with sales expected to rise to a higher level as brand power gradually materialized.