The Center for Resources and Environmental Research, the Middle and Far Sea Control (601919.sh) buys (first rating) the final sea flow, which is the time of the sails.
The container integrated logistics service leads the lead in terms of size, efficiency and differentiated service capabilities: the company is the main operator of container operations under the banner of the China Ocean Shipping Group, and acquires the capacity to reorganize China Sea and East overseas after-loading vessels to the current level of about 3.03 million teus, with a 12.5 per cent share in the third largest container in the world;
At the wharf, in 2019, the world's first-largest total throughput and total design processing capacity, maritime transport and docking plates have a clear lead: (a) the efficiency of connectivity through the control of offshore and offshore port terminals, and the quality of services under the indicator on the rate of calibration; and (b) single-box revenue with a peak premium, the scale effect plus the cost under the network effect.
With advantages, profit margins have risen to the first echelon; 3) steady push-to-end combined with their own characteristics, based on sea leg, extension to land end through multimodal transport, warehousing, etc. Short-term high events continue: the container turnover order is uneven, and prices are sustained or exceeded.
There is an imbalance in the working order of the container, which has been significantly exacerbated by restrictions on the return of empty containers, imbalances in imports and exports, and the problem of missing boxes, which have reduced the three stages of effective supply, as well as supply and demand constraints in the form of incremental layers, which have increased rapidly, demand has continued in Europe and America, vaccines have not been universalized and port dismantling has been difficult to restore efficiency at the port.
We believe that steady-state off-ship companies have increased their capacity to control their transport capacity, and that subsequent high downswings are expected to ease, stretch, lag back, or remain at a higher level than in the past. Medium- and long-term shifts in patterns: synergies are greater than competition in a stable state, and prices are warm and rising.
The long-term and large-scale expansion of power in the wheels is less motivated than in value for money, and the future share is expected to be less competitive and better on the supply side: on the one hand, the leading east-west arms race is difficult to clear behind the public sector, the north-south line faces antimonopoly constraints and low willingness to expand; the top 10 companies with lower rankings are the top ten.
It doesn't matter that the staircases are wide apart, with high catch-up costs, and most of the staircases are shared by the league, with competing rankings. In terms of value ratios, low demand is expected to make it prudent.
The ability to do so has increased significantly from the past to effectively smooth down price fluctuations and set a base for prices. In addition, digital construction plus end-to-end increases are expected to increase the proportion of cargo in the post-epidemiological lead-line masters, with medium-term supply and demand moving towards lower price stability and hub or upwards.
The growth in the management radius of strategic off-ship companies, the start-up of the extension of the industrial chain, and the capacity of integrated container logistics services have helped to raise pricing rights and increase customer viscous and industrial chain status. Large-scale expansion of shipping companies, the global economic downturn, price regulation, and large fluctuations in exchange rates.
In addition, based on 100 per cent, 40 per cent, 56 per cent, Feu and Teu conversion factor 0.8, exchange rate 6.7, and a calculation of the net equivalent of $100/feu for 2021, we differ from the market
The market had previously anticipated: (a) unsustainably high prices resulting from short-term mismatches between supply and demand and falling after the spring season; (b) a short-term climate that would lead to a sharp fall in shipping prices and adversely affect subsequent markets; and (c) the continued willingness of mid-term ship companies to expand their capacity on a large scale.
Our point of view is that (1) the persistently high demand in Europe and the United States has placed high pressure on the flow of containers in stock, which is difficult to mitigate for a short period of time, with vaccines or, at the earliest, large areas of land in June, before which local unbundling has taken place, exit efficiency has been difficult to improve, supply and demand are tight or persist to 21q3. Two liner companies have significantly increased their capacity to transport to respond to demand fluctuations.
And the overall actual supply and demand gap will be good in the coming year, and prices, even if they fall back or will ease and stretch, are expected to remain at a higher level than in the past, with attention to space utilization and changes in nominal supply-to-international supply.3 In the medium- and long-term scenario, the remaining companies after the consolidation of the industry are cleared by the relevant government context.
(a) Low probability, and the need to observe share competition in view of the expansional motives of the ship company, where the vanguard is faced with the east-west backbone, the arms race price is low, the North-South backbone is subject to anti-monopoly constraints, the will to expand and the strategy for doing business shifts;
Prices continue to grow at a high rate, and continuity is consistent with, or exceeds, our pre-judgment. Taking into account the losses in the company’s undistributed profits, the acquisition of pure liabilities from the Eastern Overseas,
The traditional cyclical stockpb valuation does not reflect the true value of the company. We believe that the reasonable valuation is: 1) the market rate of gain p/e: based on pattern stability, medium- and long-term supply and demand rises to the bottom of the company’s profit center, and is appropriate.
2)ev/ebitda: Considering the high operating and financial leverage of the company, v/ebitda is suitable. Horizontal contrasts are currently in the relative middle of comparable companies abroad in 9.5 x; vertical comparisons are on average for the last three years.
1. China Far East Control: The shift in the flagship of container integrated logistics services 1.1 The third largest liner company in the world, transport and terminal operations, is the third largest global share of global power, with a significant increase in industry since the merger was restructured.
Shipping Group Ltd., the core operator of the container shipping supply chain services under the consortium. The Division underwent a major restructuring during the low valley in the current round of the shipping industry, which in 2016 consolidated the container operations of the former China Sea Group under the umbrella of the former Central and Far Group and formed in the mid-point.
Merchant shipping, with a capacity of 1.5413 million teus, has risen to fourth in the world; in 2018, the company acquired East Overseas International, with a two-brand co-development, further raising its share to third in the world; according to alphaliner, the company currently operates 504 container ships with a capacity of 3.0302 million.
Teu, with 12.5 per cent share, leads the fifth Heberot 5.4 pct, with self-owned/rented capacity of 51.2 per cent, 48.8 per cent, respectively, in the fleet structure, the company has a relative average of 15,000+teu ships per ship, 18 per cent of which is owned by the company on the route network layout.
Around 700 container shipping outlets, covering the world, operate 278 international routes, 56 Chinese coastal routes and 88 Pearl River Delta and Yangtze tributaries.
In terms of the structure of international routes, the proportion of container traffic in the trans-Pacific (America), Asia and Europe, and Asia has risen significantly, with the combined volume of the three routes rising from 9.1 pct in 2017 to 68.7% in the first three quarters of 2020.
In terms of the overall distribution of the global container trade, 36.6 per cent and 14.8 per cent of the boxes in east-west (trans-Pacific, trans-Atlantic, Asia-Europe), north-south (African, South American and Australasia routes) were the two main main markets; 15.2 per cent were in Asia, the most dynamic regional market.
According to alphaliner, the company leads in the share of transport power in the Far East-North America, Far East-Europe, Far East-East Asia, Central East/South Asia Subcontinent, and Australasia.
The company's container terminal operations are located in a remote maritime port belonging to the Indirect Holdings, with a total target year processing capacity of about 133 million boxes. According to Druri, the group flag was ranked first in the world in 2019 for total ingestion at the container terminal. In addition, the company has held the highest volume in recent years.
With the continuation of investment in offshore and offshore port terminals and the creation of an operational impact/control capacity on the docks through participation in the form of equity holdings, the efficiency of container operations has been enhanced, as a result of which central and long-range sea transport and the East Sea have maintained a high level of professional leadership and quality of service in the indicators of departure from ports and arrival and delivery of goods.
In terms of performance, the low-cycle acquisition restructuring of the industry has led to significant fluctuations in company profits in recent years. After several consecutive years of loss before the restructuring in 2016, the fall in performance in 2018 was mainly due to low prices.
The obsession with and acquisition of the Eastern Overseas has led to a significant increase in financial costs, with the Eastern Overseas in 2019 showing a substantial increase in profits. The first three quarters of 2020 benefited from a demand-supply mismatch that increased shipping prices, resulting in a net profit of between +89.7 and 3.58 billion in non-repatriation, of which q3 grew at a speed of up to 223%.
With the impact of the original supply chain model, the demand of aggregate customers in the post-epidemiological era will shift from price to service, and the price premium will become increasingly apparent. The new coronary epidemic has had a significant impact on global supply chain resilience, with thin-skinned supply stability for traders using low-stock/ceiling stock strategies, supply chain-stressed traders.
Timeliness has declined dramatically, while temporary logistics costs have increased significantly. We believe that the demand for container shipping by cargo owners in the post-epidemiology era will gradually shift from a simple low-cost pursuit to a high-quality service, with an increased emphasis on supply chain stability and security, and hence a network of stable, mobile and routed routes.
The top liner companies, which are well-developed and have service advantages, will benefit even more: 1) on the price side, the single-box transport cost of each line company is now 50-100 dollars higher than that of the second-tier company, with a certain premium on the tap; 2) on the volume side, for example, in the case of medium- and long-sea control, the outbreak has disturbed the company across the Pacific (Asia-Pacific).
In the Americas, Asia and Europe, and Asia, container traffic is growing faster than industry as a whole, reflecting, to some extent, a relative preference for mid- and long-range control among customers who have a claim on the stability of supply chain services. Strong scale effects and network effects have the advantage of leading unit costs.
The JCSR estimates that the cost of a single container of 15,000 teu, 10000 teu containers has decreased by 2 per cent and about 13 per cent compared to the cost of a container vessel of 18,000 + teu, which is currently concentrated in the hands of the top companies of Marski, the Mediterranean Sea, Middle and Far Seas, etc., with a greater cost advantage.
In addition, the effects of the network in the clustering industry are also evident, with a wider network of routes, which means a better flow-to-exercise flexibility, with a leading share of the main routes and a leading role in global competition, and a control of the Middle and Far Seas after the acquisition of the East overseas.
The two-brand synergies continue to emerge, and companies’ profitability is moving closer to the first line of the industry. After the acquisition, the company will be able to absorb the easterly overseas, in addition to the direct increase in its capacity to operate.
In terms of advantages in internationalization management, information system construction (e.g., iris2 upgrades to iris4, introduction to cargosmart, etc.) to improve corporate overall operating efficiency and profitability. 1.3 Locally appropriate and steadily moving towards digitization and end-to-end, container logistics modularization services are prioritized
End-to-end services: Focus on the port terminal-based multimodal services. Similar to the concept of "assets+service+technology=uniquests" proposed by Maski, the strategy of mid- and long-sea control is also focused on asset layout, quality of service and digitization.
• Because of differences in corporate backgrounds and business strategies, Maski is increasingly adopting alternative strategies for vertical mergers and acquisitions, customs clearances, while the company is focusing on integrated shipping services, extending the intermodal transport services through the port sector and sea and sea links to land to upgrade its customers through differentiated products
(1) A Central European class has been set up to enrich the matrix of goods for intercontinental transport services. In 2018, the company combined 719 shipments, with a total volume increase of 173% over the same period. Intercontinental rail transport products are mainly targeted at client groups with medium cargo values, medium prescription requirements, and medium cost sensitivity, in terms of reliability and accuracy of transport.
Dots, no drop boxes, etc. have advantages: Central European shoe box transport, for example. The cost is three times greater than the cost of shipping by sea, a quarter of the cost of shipping by air, and the time frame is nearly 50% faster than shipping by sea, and if there are more shifts per week, the transport time can be (2) Central Europe by land and sea, with the port of Tobi being used for efficient sea and rail connections.
The Greek port of Bireevs, which is fully owned by the Department, passes through northern Macedonia, Serbia, to the interior regions of Central and Eastern Europe, such as Hungary, Austria, the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Channel-Rotterdam-rail/water transport to Central and Eastern Europe) can be reduced by about seven days, with significant advantages in terms of timeliness and safety, with a total of 1365 rows shipped along the Central European land and sea fast line in 2019, with an increase of 64.3 per cent over the same period;
By the end of 2019, companies acquired 60% of the equity of Euro-Asian Railway (Eurasian Railway Logistics) to further consolidate the resources of the land-cum-sea fast-track rail transport corridor. Behind the products of the Central European land-cum-sea fast-line are the company’s global positioning capacity and the ability to coordinate local resources abroad, which can be said to be based on the country’s “one-way” approach.
The company also operates storage and cfs terminals based on port terminals. The company has now established a network of warehouses in the six major North American terminals.
Efficient distribution (2b/2c) in the 48 states of the United States, the use of excess wharf resources during the epidemic for the annual acquisition of two warehouses at the Zebruch terminal and the continued advancement of the Abu Dhabi first phase of the warehouse, which is expected to have 92,000 square metres of storage in Europe in 2021, based on the cfs freight terminal.
Accelerating supply chain extension services such as warehousing and distribution at the back of the port terminal.
2. Continuing short-term high weather: the imbalance in the container turnover order, the continuing or over-expected price of 2.1 bear cow conversions, the need for over-expected + effective supply under low container turnover
The shift in bear cattle, the market imbalances, and the rise in transport prices began in 2020 with three paragraphs of the ICM. The lack of boxes and congestion were the main melody of the ICM in the second half of 2020, and the disruptions in the container flow order affected the balance of supply and demand.
The pattern is good, and the hub has been moving upwards, consistently suggesting that the current rotation price is more likely to be sustained than expected, considering the supply-side performance of the year. Looking back at the supply-demand relationship that currently characterizes the market as a missing box, we believe that the demand-demand mismatch should be understood on the basis of year-round market changes.
At the beginning of the breakdown of order, a large number of empty flights were affected. The epidemic led to a fall in demand for a shock, prompting liner companies to take measures such as rent withdrawals, stoppages, etc., and, as a result of the consolidation of the industry, a marked increase in market concentration and inter-firm control.
Greater synergism, guaranteed space utilization remained stable, and the price of cargo fell considerably. And large stoppages, blank flights, also meant shrinking transport from Asia to Europe and America, empty boxes could not be collected from Euro-American ports back to China, among other exporting countries.
By 30%, it provides the basis for a subsequent shortage of empty boxes. 2-dollar line demand is over-expected, supply and demand mismatches evolve gradually from a short ship to a short box, and the lower number of return boxes on the main route leads to disruption of the normal container flow order along the east-west route.
The epidemic has stabilized, the manufacturing industry has resumed production at an accelerated pace, while the Europe-United States outbreak has transformed service consumption into consumption of goods in kind, stock demand has been strong, and US-line imports have increased significantly. As a result of the previous cautious drop in the capacity of the liner companies, demand and supply misalignment under the “ship shortage” has accelerated US-line prices.
Meanwhile, regional market prices have risen in a step-by-step fashion, as a result of the drying-up of transport. With China’s exports rising and Europe’s exports falling as a result of the epidemic, the trade gap between China and Europe has been widening, and there has been an increase in the imbalance between Asia-North America and Asia-Europe’s container traffic and the volume of return boxes.
Lower levels have resulted in disruption of the normal container flow order along the east-west route, with flat or small drops in the three-quarter and European-line return prices, reflecting a relatively low rate of utilization of the overall return class. After entering the four-quarters, most of the main US-line port exits continued to be negative, with the return price remaining at the December rate.
The increase is mainly due to the power constraints (some companies speed up the delivery of empty boxes and reduce their acceptance of United States exports). For the disruption of the flow flow order due to low back-to-back traffic, probably the rate will be reduced only if the vaccine is available and the return work is well under way in Europe and America, it is recommended that the return price be used as an observation return supply and cabin.
The problem of missing boxes has increased to reduce effective supply and demand has become more and more intense. With increasing import demand and the flow of containers, European and American ports are unable to survive as a result of the epidemic.
Production operations, local yarding and exit efficiency have declined significantly, resulting in port congestion, large-scale container build-up levels increasing to about 5 days in October, while the average L.A.-L.A. container truck turnover has continued to increase from 58 minutes in June to 84 minutes in November.
The backlog of containers is increasing, with the number of empty containers in Los Angeles and Long Beach increasing by 34.2% and 55.0% on a year-on-year basis. The backlog of containers in the importing countries of Europe and the United States has led to a serious problem of missing containers in exporting countries, and, under the tight supply-demand relationship, has further led to an inadequate supply of effective transport capacity and an increase in shipping prices.
Prices should not be underestimated as they persist, with supply and demand strained until the third quarter of 2021. Previously, market expectations of prices falling after the spring of 2021 were the result of: (a) the temporary suspension of Asian factories for two weeks of the New Year and “breathing” at Euro-American ports; and (b) after the quarter of 21
Vaccine landings, terminal operations resumed, and container turnover eased the effective supply recovery. However, in view of the market conditions, prices will be sustained or higher than expected: 1
wang. “In a situation where the imbalance between supply and demand has increased significantly, ship companies have continued to issue bail-out and empty-shift schemes, with very high actual prices for transportation at a high level of space shortage affecting the willingness to deliver, and some cargo owners have delayed delivery arrangements until later, supporting demand and prices for the years to come.
(2) Container turnover is less likely to be alleviated in a short period of time. In November, container retention continued to increase in the case of a small drop in the container ring in San Pedro Bay, Mexico, where the pressure on the stock import box was higher; according to the China Container Industry Association, the average turnover of containers in China was higher.
From 60 days to 100 days, the risk of a timely and effective mitigation of the box problem is low, with import volumes expected to increase steadily at the beginning of 2021. Import demand remains strong; and before the United States vaccine has landed on a large scale, the local unbundling and exit effects are low.
Rates are still difficult to raise, and supply-side pressures persist. The United States had previously planned for March to April 2021, when most of the general population had been vaccinated and returned to normal life by the summer, but the rate of vaccination was at a slower pace than expected due to the distribution of management problems.
Without a large landing, demand-driven supply and demand stress is expected to continue into the traditional season, increased mobility of liner companies in response to fluctuations in demand in the second half of the year and a steady space utilization rate, which is expected to slow down relatively.
The high terminal prices will significantly boost the company’s performance. For market changes after short-term high prices, we believe that there is a marked difference between aggregates and oils, the surges and runoffs, and the drop-down process, which will require attention to changes in the fleet’s space utilization rate.
Volatile rates, higher space utilization and higher capacity to raise prices from shipping companies, with relatively stable utilization rates, are expected to moderate the volatility of shipping prices. ▪ Given the first half of the 2020 epidemic, ship companies have sufficient capacity to adjust their capacity to respond to fluctuations in demand
Validation, a marked increase in market concentration after industrial integration, a pattern clean-up that allows for greater synergy in transport control, which is motivated by changes in customer demand and the ship company’s own profit security. For future drops in shipping prices due to a marked decline in demand, liner companies are able to respond.
The effective integration of fleet capacity, the suppression of price volatility: the increase in effective supply due to the resumption of overseas ports, and the gradual recovery of container turnover. We believe that the impact on shipping prices has a long and relatively reduced cycle, owing to uneven local recovery and variations in the volume of container turnover among shipping companies.
The medium-term supply-demand relationship is supported by good prices. On the demand side, the United States has entered a new cycle of replenishment, and the new US-party bill of $900 billion will boost consumption further, while the Central-European investment agreement will become the same good Euro-line trade demand: supply side, about 8% of new ship orders.
Focusing on changes in nominal supply and demand relative to actual demand and supply. Current expectations of the mainstream shipping advisory bodies for changes in demand and supply in 2021 are more consistent, i.e. a significant recovery in demand at a low supply growth rate and a shift in demand-supply differential.
International supply is generally lower than nominal supply, especially during this year’s epidemic, and there has been a significant decline in real supply in the face of negative demand growth. The difference between nominal capacity and actual capacity is reflected in idle capacity, speed of ships, and turnover of shipping routes and containers, which in part reflect liner companies’ competition.
We believe that the medium- and long-term pattern changes when actual supply is lower than nominal supply, demand-nominal supply differentials 3.
Element I: Industry concentration, current merger consolidation pattern clean-up, Cr5 share increased from 36 per cent to 65 per cent in 2013-2016 for industry low-end liner companies undergoing large-scale merger restructuring/insolvency, and industry share since mid-2018 for long-sea control of integration abroad in the East
Cr10 reached 65 per cent, 84 per cent and 73 per cent on long-range routes. In addition, the formation of three major shipping unions further increased their concentration of power, which, according to Druri, is close to 100 per cent in Europe, 83 per cent in the United States, 83 per cent in the United States and 100 per cent in the United States.
Figure 59: Industry integrated, cr5 long-distance transport over 70% (h) Hanjin hapag-lloyd
#hapag-linyd cma
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
ccni #hapag-lloysp&o
I don't know what to do.
It's a good idea.
♪ We've got to get out of here ♪ ♪ We've got to get out of here ♪
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like you're the only one in the world who's got it.
It's 780 nedlloyd apl.
apl top-5marketsharelong-haultrade top-5marketshare
Note: longhaultradedefinedasnon-intra-regionaltrades. Element two: economies of scale, with more larger ships expected to have limited economic advantages of scale, and weak attempts by the shipping division to achieve simple economies of scale, with additional capacity to match demand.
In practical terms, the excess supply and the low-priced competition caused by the large shipization (a Triple container ship of 18,000 teu class) have led to the last round of arms-hunting competitions, which have led to price wars using the cost advantages of economies of scale.
Players have the ability to follow a large ship-carriage strategy, and top firms, apart from the traditional European clustering giants, are ranked mostly as state corporations/national consortia with government support in terms of financing, industrial policy, thus reducing the value-added of the long-fought arms races.
In addition, in the context of the container shipping industry chain as a whole, large-scaleization brings down the unit cost of liner companies, but the cost of port terminals to adapt to large ship handling is increasing and the cost of port shipping as a whole is not significantly reduced, resulting in further large-scale space forecasting by shipping companies for 25,000 +teu ships.
Motivated by the expansion of the share: The market divides over long-term supply-side growth in the industry, and we think it might be useful to look at the motivation and value ratio of the expansion of liner companies, to see how the dominant business strategy shifts + the difference between the echelons is different or to discourage large-scale expansion.
(i) Dragon-head Musky's east-west arms races are low-valued, North-South mainlines are subject to anti-monopoly regulation, reduced willingness to expand significantly, and a shift in business strategy. In addition to the above-mentioned lead line companies, which rank lower, they have a government/group background that constrains Maski's progress on the East-West main line.
(a) An arms race; moreover, under the Cartel Collective Exemption Regulation: “The Regulation allows shipping companies to form alliances with each other and to enjoy immunity from EU competition law as long as their market share does not exceed 30 per cent;
In terms of business strategies, Marski has focused in recent years on digitalization, end-to-end services, and capital development.
(ii) Large differences in the share of liner companies, high catch-up costs, mostly alliances within the ranks, less competitively between them under mechanisms such as space sharing, and a lower-ranked company with a higher capacity to operate.
The bulk of the additional power structure. The top ten liner companies, after the current industry integration, have a large number of points, with a difference of 2.8%, 6.0%, 3.1% and a difference of 0.2%-0.7% within the echelons, taking into account the proportion of new orders.
The cost of catch-up at the level of the company ' s shipping capacity is very high, combined with a strong network effect, as well as the cost of a network of routes, so liner companies compete for their share of the staircases and have a lower value for money and willingness for large-scale expansion of the staircases; and the differences within the staircases are small, but mostly low.
In the same shipping union, there was a space-sharing mechanism, with competing top-and-down changes of meaning.
The ratio of the 18,000+teu large ships to the new orders is lower, and the orders are made more to supplement and improve the structure of the transport than the arms race. We believe that the subsequent addition of the liner company is mainly a more moderate re-generation of the fleet, maintaining the ratio of the large vessel/owned vessel to the overall capacity of the fleet structure.
(c) Demand increases do not change as a result of fluctuations in the epidemic, ship company growth is constrained by low-speed expectations, and expansion strategies are less expensive. Container traffic increases with global gdp.
The acceleration multiplier indicator has been declining for several consecutive years, the higher probability of global trade will remain low for the long term, and over-optimistic (about 60 per cent of new ship orders) in 2008 has been a lesson, with low-speed expectations of landing companies being more cautious about additional capacity.
3.2 The shift from homogenization to differentiated competition, the future orientation of the capacity of integrated container logistics services: product differentiation, reflected in product service differentiation and container integrated logistics module resolution, “assets+service+technoroy=uniqueness”, by Maski.
The supply chain risks exposed during the epidemic contribute to increased customer attention to the stability and safety of container transport, and cargo-owner claims move from simple low prices to service-seeking (stable).
The leading companies, therefore, with the quality of their services and the advantage of the network of routes, have a certain degree of product differentiation. The product stratification under the value-added services varies.
Shipships have been heavily introduced in the customer-level product series, as well as salt fields to L.A. for 12 days, providing high-quality services such as safes, preferential access to ships, boxes, etc. In addition, the epidemic has accelerated U.S. online penetration and consumption habits such as bopis (buyonlineandpicupinstres)
, and the growth of medium- and high-end products in transport services that are stratification or highly compatible with cross-border power suppliers.3 Digital + end-to-end container integrated logistics modular solutions that create a “diplomatic blow” for single-packaged container maritime service providers. Clients are more flexible, reliable and able to provide supply chain services
Predictable changes in demand have led to a corresponding change in the container logistics value chain. In terms of flexibility, the requirements of different industries and customers of different sizes for the location and mode of transport of container shipments are more diversified, the capacity of integrated container logistics services, modular solutions
In the case of the Middle Sea, for example, the company relies on the Central European countries, the Central European land and sea fast line, its own truck team, its own port resources, and its dry port warehouse resources to provide multiple transport destinations for customers in different sectors, such as automobiles, fresh vegetables and vegetables, electronics, engineering equipment, etc.
In terms of reliability and predictability, digitalization has significantly increased the management radius of the ship company and made visualization of the transport links.
Daysynconhub grew by 14% on a year-on-year basis in 2019, trading more than 1.3 billion yuan, covering all foreign trade routes, and completing more than 150% on a year-on-year basis. The implementation of the shipping block chain network gsbn has made paperless documents possible, and the mode of operation is becoming more mature and will be advanced.
To a large extent, the efficiency of information interactions across the container industry chain is optimized. The improved digital capacity also facilitates the contact and tracing of end-to-end services to container land links, and the synergies between the two are evident.
Look at the future digitalization and end-to-end strategic significance from Dragon-head Marski. Success in the end-to-end model requires a long verification process, so the end-to-end strategy for Mid-Sea Controls is more evident in the choice of an opportunity to invest in a port dock, which extends to multimodal transport, warehousing, etc.
The company uses direct acquisition of freight forwarders and customs services, and despite the differences in current companies' understanding of digitization, end-to-end understanding and development strategies, the path of the leader, Marski, has changed the future industry to end with a direct and well-defined investment acquisition strategy, which started in 2019.
Integration of Danmas supply chain management services, acquisition of a well-known American newspaper vandegriftinc, acquisition of North American warehouse distribution company performanceam, acquisition of Swedish customs kgh, active business-to-end and extension of the industrial chain, mainly through vertical mergers and acquisitions.
The Foundation also launched a global leading network of block chains, tradelens and power company platform maerskspot, where the slot platform has fast-tracked to a digital build-up and end-to-end synergy of 2020q3, with the ultimate goal of closing the container's ecological chain.
In our view, the underlying significance of digitalization and end-to-end is that (1) the firm ' s industrial chain status and bargaining power is strengthened, with more concentration of pricing authority in shipping management and space management: while disaggregating small and medium-sized customers among large freight forwarders
The size and impact of large freight forwarders are weakened by (second and third generation) options that allow them to remain dependent on large freight forwarders, self-reliant or directly working with spot. As of 20q3, about 80% of the stock ordered by the spot platform comes from freight forwarders, with the expected majority of small and medium-sized freight forwarders.
2) Defines client drawings on the b end to accurately meet customer service needs. More customers are reached through a shipping power provider platform, weakens nvo/bco's client definition, re-categorizes client demand types from service orientation, price orientation, etc., and targets standardized integrated container services.
3) More efficient and moderate extension of the industrial chain in a digital platform with limited effective resistance at the large freight forwarding level for the time being. Looking ahead to the future of integrated container logistics services, we believe that Maski’s ultimate journey may be based on collection.
The share and profit advantage of containerized sea transport is to build a b2b container with a closed ecological chain of integrated logistics, followed by exploring a “flow realization” path by vertically integrating the business chain up and down, extending it and obtaining huge data resources from the acquired freight forwarders, customs offices and client drawings.
And the risk point/highest obstacle is the regulatory layer and the shift of the role of traditional ship companies as heavy assets to light assets as “B.” Though Maski’s path remains uncertain about the strategic implementation effect and pace, the container is a complex one.
Convergence of logistics services capacity will be an important development for the future industry, with a certain reduction in the impact on single-container maritime service providers.
• Summary of chapter: From a competition perspective, the willingness and value of long-term large-scale movement expansion in liner companies is reduced, and future share competition is expected to slow and supply side is expected to be better; from a synergistic point of view, the head liner division/coalition has experienced a post-cleaning concentration in the industry and has formed a movement control union (not a price union).
In addition, high spot spot prices may have led to a significant increase in prices in 2021, along with supply chain winds.
Risk concerns about the expected increase in the proportion of cargo from the main routes, price stability and hub or continuous upward movement, the availability of product end, differentiated services and modular solutions for integrated container logistics, which help to raise the pricing authority of the shipping division, increase customer sticky and industry chain status, and the level of profitability and valuation of leading companies
▪ Taking into account: (1) the persistence of the combined short-term high-scree climate and the expected easing of transport prices; (2) the medium- and long-term pattern scenario, with $780 million per $100/feu increase in net profits; and (3) the third largest share of the world's maritime power, the lead industry in the long-term premium plus cost advantage guaranteed profit margin, and the co-insurance industry
The quality of quality of the barrier ' s high-prevalence services is steadily moving towards digitization, differential end-to-end strategies, and with high profit expectations, even though companies have increased significantly from low points, the current valuation is not significantly overestimated and still has a strong investment value.
Because of the fact that the central and distant seas control of the undistributed profits retained the losses incurred prior to the severance of the operations in 2016, and because of the use of purely loaned purchases in the acquisition of the Eastern Overseas in 2018, we believe that the traditional cycle stock pb valuation does not reflect the true value of the company’s main collectors. We believe that the reasonable valuation is:
(e) Municipal surplus p/e: based mainly on pattern stability, medium- and long-term supply and demand rises to the bottom corporate profit center, with digitization, end-to-end container integrated logistics transition, and upgrading of the industrial chain expected to revalue. Corporate pe (ttm) is relatively low among comparable companies in a horizontal comparison;
In a vertical comparison, the company is currently about 19 times pe(ttm) below the average of 33% for the last three years, v/ebitda: operating leverage (rent/ship depreciation) and financial leverage is available. In a horizontal comparison, the company v/ebitda
Relatively middle among comparable companies; vertically, companies are now about 9.5 times higher than the four-year average (after mid-to-central sea reorganization) of 242 per cent and below the three-year average (negative value of ebitda 17 years ago and more comparable for the three years to date), with a basic link of 4 per cent.
Near, the valuation is relatively neutral. We conservatively gave the company nine times its performance in 2021,ev/ebitda.
In the interests of restraint, but without excluding a significant increase in new ship orders by individual shipowners, there is a negative impact on industry supply. The global economy is experiencing an over-anticipated downturn in demand and international trade, with a significant impact on liner revenues in the event of a systemic risk-induced decline in container imports and exports.
▪ Price regulation: The significant increase in container shipping prices since the second half of 2020 has raised the concern of national regulators that if the cost of international trade logistics increases too high or prices are not properly stated, there may be an environmental regulatory policy for shipping: the environmental policies of ships such as low sulphur oil, carbon emissions, etc., will increase the acquisition of new ships by companies and the current ones.
The cost of transport, including additional costs such as the training of crews, is also included.  Industry price wars: possible safety incidents in maritime transport, significant fluctuations in the RMB rate of exchange in terms of company costs, transport transfer, etc.: companies receive a greater share of their income from abroad, and the RMB exchange rate is significantly devalued
Value recognition of corporate income and balance sheet will have a greater impact. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: