The deep report of the sea weather industry (603288), February 27, 2025.
In February 2014, the company went to the market, with its headquarters in Fushan, Guangdong Province, and is mainly involved in the production and sale of spices. After decades of development, the company has a rich product matrix that covers a variety of varieties, such as soy sauce, aphid oil and sauce.
According to the list of China’s 2024c-bpi brand, the sea sky has been given first brands in the soy sauce, osteoporium, sauce, and vinegar industries. Of these, the company’s soy oil products have been the first in the industry for 14 years.
The size of the market for spices is growing steadily, and the bc end is driving the industry. The market for spices is characterized by a classic “small product, big market” and has been growing steadily in recent years.
End of b: Recent policies have been positive, taking into account the fact that spices are relatively high at the end of the restaurant. With the catalytic effect of policies such as distribution of vouchers, consumer promotion, etc., the diet is expected to be repaired, thereby driving the demand for food-comforts. End of c: On the one hand, changes in the demographic structure of the country and the expansiveness of the consumption scene have led to an increase in the demand for them.
On the other hand, products such as zero additions, low salt, etc., are expected to become one of the future trends in the industry, leading to an optimal upgrading of the structure of the product.
(b) In the case of raw materials, companies act as a condenser, and price-raising strategies can be retained to deal with subsequent cost increases.
In addition, companies are expected to become more dynamic by strengthening their branding and market promotion, and by creating an in-house stake in the workforce. Investment strategy: maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating.
In the short term, national policies have been positive in terms of consumption, and the cost and intensity are expected to increase, with the introduction of consumer vouchers in some parts of the country, and the consumption of meals is expected to take place.
In the medium and long term, as the population’s health is raised, products such as zero additions and low salt are expected to become one of the future trends in the taste industry. In this process, companies are actively expanding their markets, optimizing their product structure, and focusing on the future.
Production research and development, development of new products, and market competitiveness are expected to increase further.
The company was listed in February 2014 in Fushan City, Guangdong Province, and is mainly involved in the production and sale of spices. After years of development, the company has a rich product matrix, covering various varieties such as soy sauce, aphid oil, sauce sauce, etc.
According to the Chinese brand power index list 2024c-bpi, Haitian acquired the first brand in the industry of soy sauce, quail, sauce, and vinegar. In this case, the company's soy sauce product has won the first brand for 14 years. In addition, the company won the top of the Chinese brand value evaluation list, the Chinese brand value evaluation "Conga Old Letter", with brand influence.
1.2 Management interests are deeply bound to the company, and the new process is opened. According to the application form submitted by the company for a Hong Kong share offer, this (first submission), as of 13 January 2025, Guangdong Sea Tian Group Inc. is directly and indirectly connected (through
Foshan Haiyang holds 58.38% of the company’s shares, and is the company’s first shareholder. Guangdong Haitian holds approximately 73.59% of the interests of the co-operators, who also directly hold about 13.75% of the total equity shares issued by the company (of which Pankang, Cheng Shei, Jianghua, Chen Junyang, Weng Chizhou, Liao Chang Fai hold about 9.57%, 3.17%, 0.61%,
Together with the interests of Guangdong Haitian in the company, the co-actors together hold the company’s chairman of the company. According to their employment experience, Tsang joined China in 1992 as Director of Business Planning, Vice-President, Vice-President, Director, Vice-President, etc., with considerable experience. In addition, there are other new management positions.
Most of them work longer in the company, providing firm guarantees for the company to operate robustly. 1.3 The soy sauce contributes to its main performance, while the product matrix is becoming richer.
Oil, ale, sauce, vinegar, alcohol, various combinations of spices, and food and rice noodles, fermented beverages, among others, can satisfy the diversity of consumer needs. Among them, soy sauce, ale, sauce, vinegar, and wine are the company’s core products. After many years of development, the company has more than 1,300 products, sku, and has successfully cultivated 7 billion.
After many years of business, the company's soy sauce series has covered classic series, preferential series, rare series, old-letter series, organic series, zero for mid-to-high demand.
Add a series, salt-cutting series, non-pyridium series, etc. to meet the needs of specific groups of people, and market competitiveness has improved. Moreover, aphid oil is the company’s second-largest class, accounting for 18.07% of the income from the main business in the first three quarters of 2024. In terms of product structure, the company has continued to optimize its product structure in recent years, actively developing new products, soy sauce, soy oil and spice sauce III.
In 2023, the company’s gross operating income fell at the same rate as its net return to the mother. Against a background of weak demand recovery, the company’s growth in terms of products, channels, terminals, etc. was highly effective in bringing about a resilient growth in performance.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company achieved a gross operating income of $20.399 billion, an increase of 9.38 per cent over the same period; and a net return of $4.815 billion, an increase of 11.23 per cent over the same period.
The size of our market for spices is growing steadily, and there is still room for improvement in prices 2.1 The size of our market for spices is growing steadily, and the market share of leading enterprises is increasing considerably. The market size of our market for spices is expanding steadily.
The market size of the spice industry has expanded steadily in recent years. From 2014 to 2023, the market size of the spice industry increased from 25,95 billion yuan to 59,2.3 billion yuan, with an average annual compound growth rate of 9.6 per cent.
According to Frost Sullivan, in 2023, oil accounted for about 27.8% of the basic spices, 21.0% of the overall spice industry, with the highest market share. On market scale, although the recovery in low consumption after the epidemic has had a certain impact on the demand for catering sauce, it takes into account the presence of soy sauce.
The market size has risen steadily in recent years, with high frequency, demand, large base, and so on. For Frost Sullivan data show that in 2023, our market for soy sauce was 10.4 billion yuan in revenue terms, our annual revenue for soy sauce between 2018 and 2023, and the market share of the top five companies in China's spice industry was 10.9% less than that of the United States, 24.0%.
In Japan, 28.5%. In the context of the gradual development of spiced products in the direction of compounding, fastening, healthy additions to the sinking of domestic markets and the expansion of international market demand, the market share of the country’s spiced leading enterprises has increased considerably 2.2% of our tasted channel structure
According to the data of the AIDS consultant, the country's food-consumption channels include catering, household and food processing. The largest share of consumption is at the end of the meal, at around 49 per cent. The share of household and food-processing channels is 34 per cent and 17 per cent, respectively.
In pursuit of the best food taste, the average per capita intake at the end of the meal is higher than at the end of the household. The per capita intake at the end of the meal is 7.2g/kg, about 1.6 times that at the end of the household.
At the end of 2.3b: The policy shift has been positive, and the warmth of meals has led to an increase in demand for spices. In 2024, the country ' s consumption continued to recover weakly. The total retail sales of consumer goods in our society amounted to 48,79 trillion yuan, an increase of 3.5 per cent, and consumption continued to recover weakly. In December 2024 alone, our society increased by 4.52 trillion yuan, an increase of the same year.
In December 2024 alone, our merchandise retail revenue rose by 3.9 per cent; in December 2024, we earned $5,549.9 billion, a 2.7 per cent increase.
In December 2024, the meeting of the Central Political Bureau and the Central Economic Work Conference proposed “a major effort to boost consumption, improve investment efficiency and increase domestic demand in all its aspects.” In February 2025, the Standing Meeting of the Council of State studied efforts to boost consumption, which stated that “it is important to change attitudes in order to make consumption more efficient.
The recent changes in consumption patterns have highlighted the growing importance of consumption, and it is expected that the scope and intensity of subsequent consumer-promotion policies will increase. Given the relatively high availability of spices at the end of the diet, and the catalytic effects of consumer-promoting policies and the issuance of consumer vouchers, catering is expected to be repaired, leading to an increase in demand for spices.
State Council Prime Minister Li Qiang chaired the State Council Standing Meeting on February 10 to study the promotion of consumption.
A real change of mindset is needed to bring consumption up to a higher profile. End 2.4c: Product structure upgrades, diversification to meet consumer demand, changes in our demographic structure and the expansive spread of consumption scenes lead to the development of miniaturized products and a growing variety of products.
According to the National Statistical Office, the proportion of the population aged 65 years and over increased from 10.80% to 15.60% between 2016 and 2024. At the same time, the number of “one-person households” is increasing as a result of factors such as the increase in the number of late marriages and out-of-work workers.
The number of households has increased from 14.10 per cent to 17.80 per cent. Moreover, the country’s camping economy has been booming in recent years.
In the context of the convergence of changes and the diversification of consumer lifestyles, it is expected that the trend towards miniaturization of spices will continue, with a growing variety of products, thus contributing to the optimization of product structures. Consumers’ attention to the composition of spices has increased.
In a strong context, consumer interest in healthy and distinctive products such as zero additions, organic, low salt, etc. is increasing. According to market research data, in 2023, consumer demand for zero-added spices reached 90.8% and for sugar- and salt-less spices 68.0% and 61.4% respectively.
Products such as zero additions, low salt, etc. are expected to become one of the future trends in the industry, leading to an optimal upgrading of the structure of the product. In order to respond to trends and improve the market competitiveness of the product, the taste-cooling company has also been growing in recent years on the basis of traditional products and has developed a matrix of rich products, successively developing new products such as zero additions, low salt, organic, etc., and optimizing the structure of the product to meet consumers.
Diversified demand. As the health concept of “low salt and low sugar” becomes increasingly accepted by consumers, it is expected that healthyness and specialization will be one of the trends in the future development of spices, leading to an increase in the size of the market for spices.
For traditional core products, companies actively develop organic, salt-less products. Companies have long focused on product development, focusing on technology for heart fermentation, and accelerating the deployment of new technologies. As of 30 September 2024, companies have over 1,000 patents for product development, seed breeding, big data fermentation, etc. For traditional products such as soy sauce, acetylene, etc.
In addition to the core competitiveness of products, firms have made some progress in research and development on product health, product taste enhancement, and customized functional products, in keeping with market trends. In the case of soy sauce, the company’s current matrix of soy sauce products already covers such products as classic series, old-letter series, special series, organic series, etc., to meet consumer diversification needs.
In addition to core products, companies actively develop new products to build a second-growth curve. Since 2021, companies have introduced new products such as boilers, blends, fermented drinks, oil, rice, etc. to enrich the product matrix in order to increase market competitiveness.
The dietary culture and consumer preferences have led to the development of products with local characteristics, such as the introduction of salami fragrances in the Kawasaka region, more intense sauce and fire boilers, and the introduction of light aphid oil in the Guangdong region, which is more suitable for silicon cooking. In the case of packaging, companies have introduced crowding, mini small weights, etc. in order to increase the ease of the product and thus enhance the product.
The company’s nutritional health series has grown faster than the previous year. Currently, the company has introduced a total of over 200 organic, low sugar or sugar, low salt or salt, low lipid or lipid reduction, and enhanced nutritional health product line coverage. As of 30 September 2024, the company’s income from its organic, salt and sugar reduction product series had increased.
Companies are actively market-breeding, with relatively balanced country-wide layouts. Companies are market-breeding, mainly through distribution. After many years of uplifting, the 2023 Global Brand Footprint Report, published by the Caddy Consumers Index, shows that China is ranked fourth in China’s top ten consumer’s top ten brands, with 798 million consumers reaching and 83.9% penetration.
While developing domestic markets, firms are gradually exploring overseas markets, piloting South-East Asian countries, such as Viet Nam, and keeping an eye on the needs of European and American markets to improve international competitiveness. Companies are now considering export-oriented, long-term or investment-in-plants in overseas markets in the short term.
Figure 21: Share of companies in the first three quarters of 2024 by region (%) 3.3 Deep-farming channels, increasing consumption sticky channels, increasing consumption sticky. In general, cooks use a high frequency of spices, and in order to ensure
The company uses this as an entry point to actively feed and drink. The company has previously provided cooking schools in the new East with such spices as seafood oil for use by students in cooking.
The national cooking skills tournament further deepens the market’s perception and recognition of seafood products. Through long-term collaboration and interaction, companies have developed cook habits for the use of seafood products, increasing the stickyness of consumption and promoting the spread of company products in the catering market.
In addition to fostering the sticky nature of cooks’ consumption, companies have promoted a variety of products to meet the needs of different catering customers. In 2023, they introduced a multiplicity of “one juice” series, such as bourbon, blended juice, seafood juice, etc., which simplifys the cooking process and is suitable for fast meals by catering companies.
With the chaining of meals and the development of the prefabricated food industry, the company has also set up specialized units to provide individualized and customized solutions for large-end customers. At present, the company’s share of catering channels is over 60%, with competitive advantages and barriers in the industry.
Companies focus on the value of products to meet the demand of catering firms for cost control. Because catering firms have more stringent control over costs, they focus on the value of products by optimizing supply chains and cost management, and have double guarantees in terms of price and quality to meet the demand of catering firms for cost control.
3.4 Enhance branding and market promotion. Companies actively strengthen branding and enhance market influence through a variety of marketing methods. In doing so, companies enhance market influence by sponsoring popular arts and social media interactions.
Links to outreach activities are shown on the weather forecast programme. In addition, the company has launched a number of feature films showing brand values, such as "The Sunman, the Billion Cares, and We Care," which are broadcast at prime times on several major television channels. In addition, innovative and diversified marketing channels reach a wide range of clients of many ages.
In 2024, the company continued to work together to create a “dry meal” event, in partnership with the United States of America and the hungry. In September 2024, the company invited the host of the event.
The video is in the form of a global consumer's online knowledge of healthy life. Data statistics, over 31 million live views and 10 million live views. During the week, over 200 million people were covered by the Seaday series of knowledge. In addition, the company creatively introduced soy sauce and ice cream at flash shops around the country and received some kind of closure in social media.
The price increase strategy leaves room for a follow-up response to rising costs. In the composition of the company's raw materials, soybeans, soybeans, sugars, wrappers, etc. are the main raw materials for the production of the products.
Glass accounted for the largest share of packaged materials, about 12.2 per cent, and figure 23: composition of raw materials for corporate products (%)  soybean-based sugar and wheat powder
In 2024, the price of raw materials such as soybeans and soybeans went down, and the cost pressure of the soybeans and soybeans decreased. In the case of soybeans and soybeans, the production of soybeans in the spring oil factory was halted, and the supply of soybeans was tightened, while the feed was needed.
At the same time, weather, policy, and foreign production can have an impact on soybean prices. For sugar, this year is the second year of the global sugar-growing cycle.
The Bureau is expected to continue without a significant boost in demand, and the price of sugar is expected to be contained. For glass, the price of the post-saving glass has declined, mainly due to weak end demand and higher stocks of glass, followed by a sustained focus on policy, inventory and demand.
In response to rising cost pressures, in October 2021, the company announced a price adjustment for some products such as soybean, ale, sauce, etc., with major product adjustments ranging from 3 to 7%.
Since then, the industry has seen a boom in prices, with products such as brand-new, millish, and Li Jin-Jing making price increases on products to hedge the cost of raw materials. At present, while cost pressures on spicers have been reduced, companies’ cutting-edge pricing strategies leave room for subsequent cost increases.
3.6 Introduction of an employee holding scheme to give impetus to business development The company has introduced an employee holding scheme to give impetus to business development. To further stimulate staff motivation and improve the efficiency of its operations, the company repurchases shares in October 2023 by means of a centralized competitive bid for the implementation of an employee holding scheme or equity.
Incentives plan, which amounts to no less than RMB 500 million (inclusive) and no more than RMB 800 million (inclusive). Corporate buybacks have been completed, with actual buybacks amounting to RMB 564 million. In September 2024, the company issued a staff holding scheme, stock year, for core managers and cadres who play a major role in the overall performance and medium- and long-term development of the company.
A total of no more than 800 persons, at a yield of $36.87 per share, with a performance rating of no less than 10.8 per cent for the year 2024 net return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return of the return on the return on the return on the return of the return on the return on the return on the return of the return on the return on the return on the return on the return of the return on the return on the return on the return on the return of the return on the return on the return on the return of the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return on the return of the return on the return on the return on the employee ' s equity scheme, which could actively mobilize the employee for the purpose of corporate business development on the basis of comparative analysis of the financial indicators on the financial indicators.
Changes in products, channels, terminals, etc. have been made, stocks are relatively benign, and the cumulative cost pressures have slowed, and demand for meals is expected to recover steadily. Meanwhile, companies are actively optimizing their product and channel structures, and companies are expected to make profits. Māori in the first three quarters is 36.78% and is in middle-class positions in comparable companies.
Business leaders, better cost controls, lower time rates, comparative advantage in the cost structure of comparable companies, faster receivables and stock turnover and lower turnover days. Companies, as leading companies in the taste making industry, have a certain degree of competitiveness in the market, adding up to a certain amount of corporate voice over channelers, using the first step.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company had 3.18 days of accounts receivable, with a clear comparative advantage among comparable companies. For downstream consumers, with the exception of accounts receivable, the high level of consumer acceptance of corporate products makes the stock turnover faster.
Quarterly stock turnover is 47.43 days below comparable company levels, maintaining the company's “buy-in” rating. The company, as the leader of the country's spice industry, has been active in building up its inner strength and optimizing the structure of its products and channels, has achieved some results, and management is expected to start a new journey in the near future.
In the medium and long term, with rising public health awareness, products such as zero additions, salt, etc. are expected to become one of the future trends in the taste industry.
In the process, firms are active in expanding markets, optimizing product structures, and focusing on product research and development, developing new product categories, market competitiveness (1) and the risk of price volatility of raw materials. There is a risk of cyclical fluctuations in prices of spiced raw materials, which, if higher, will increase the firm’s cost pressures and thus have a certain impact on performance.
(b) When a consumer has less acceptance of a company’s new product, or when publicity is less than expected, or when it affects the company’s performance. (3) Channels are less developed than expected.
It affects the competitiveness and performance of the company’s markets. (4) The demand for the end is not recovering as expected.
(5) Increased competition in the sector. Increased competition in the market or, to some extent, influences the pattern of competition in the market and, in turn, the risk of corporate surplus (6) macroeconomic volatility. Economic fluctuations or, to some extent, consumer confidence and capacity, and hence, the “market index” of this rating system,a with a deep 300 index as the frame of reference, and a three-board index as the new three-board frame of reference.
Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risks”, “stable” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, “positive” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium and high risks”, “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and are aware of it independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.