Hangzhou Bank, with excellent reporting, keeps looking good. Hangzhou Bank net return profit grew by 26.1 per cent in the first three quarters of 2023 and by 5.3 per cent in the same year.
There has been a slowdown, with interest income growing by 3.8 per cent over the year, a slowdown in interest differential pressure still a major cause, an increase in non-interest income, excellent asset quality, high stock provision and excellent reporting.
At this point, the time has come for the consolidation of stocks and the business base to be “home bottom.” Hangzhou’s bank space is scarce, business is robust, assets are of excellent quality, and there is a strong allocation of advantages.
The first three quarters of Hangzhou Bank registered a 26.1 per cent increase in the net return profit compared to the previous quarter, a slight decrease of 0.3 percentage points compared to the first half of the year, which was still high, and led to an increase in Roae by 1.88 percentage points to 17.49 per cent in the same year.
Operating income increased by 5.3 per cent in the previous three quarters, with a slight decrease of 0.8 percentage points over the first half of the year, a 3.6 per cent increase in the single quarter of the three quarters, a 1.0 percentage point decrease in the previous quarter, and a slight pressure on the three quarters, mainly from interest income and fee income, supported mainly by other non-interests.
The same-year base was used to suppress interest-rate growth, which was measured at a reduced interest-rate rate of 3.8 per cent in the first three quarters over the same period, 4.8 percentage points over the end of the six-month period, 5.0 per cent over the same period in the third quarter, positive over the previous quarter, and higher interest-rate pressure in the third quarter over the same period last year.
The decline was increased by 16 bp over the same period, with asset-side decreases being greater in the quarterly single-season rate of return on assets and the cost of liabilities.
Percentage points, with an increase of 46.2 per cent in individual time deposits, a continuation of the trend towards the periodicization of retail deposits, an increase in the non-interestable income of retail deposits, a negative increase in investment-related income of 8.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the previous three quarters, and an increase of 6.2 percentage points over the first half of the year, with a major contribution
The company continues to perform well in its investment operations in a weak market. The fee income is the same as the value of the assets, the advantages of the provision are sustained, and the incremental provision is reduced by its continuing contribution.
At the end of the three quarters, the Hangzhou Bank had a negative rate of 0.76 per cent, the quarterly round balance had been flat, the negative ring had risen by 1.5 per cent, and the negative write-off had increased.
Bank: Urban Chamber of Commerce ii. Kyo makes a profit. 3 Li Dome has a 569.52 per cent coverage, a 1.55 percentage point decline in the ring comparison; 4.33 per cent in the drop.
A 1bp drop in the ring ratio, stock provision remains high and risk-resilient. According to the high performance of the company's 3rd quarterly report, we maintain the company's profit forecast, ps (86755) 82560524
Economic downside, overseas risks are more than expected.