In the past few days, the C.I.A. has issued a fast-track performance report for 2018: $23,666 million in operating income for the company during the reporting period.
Dollars, 25.58 per cent increase in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, 2,532 million yuan increase in the same year, 6.42 per cent increase in the same year.
The same-year increase of 6.42% and the pace of performance is within the forecast period of the three-quarters report, which meets expectations. In the fourth quarter, real revenue of $8,635 million was received in the first quarter, representing an increase of 21.3 per cent, a net return profit of $968 million and a 3.6 per cent increase in the second half of the year.
The unit is now active in the domestic market, where government anti-bid data are already active.
On the other hand, companies are actively adapting their overseas business models to expand their overseas regional layout, while adopting a country-by-country strategy to localize their operations. We believe that there is still much room for growth in overseas business in the future.
\triangleright, as big data, object networking, and ai technology pervade, the boundaries of the security industry are becoming broader. Companies are positioned as video-centric intellectual network providers, actively transforming and upgrading to video networks. 2018
On the eve of the Expo, the company officially released the “Hoc City Heart” strategy. The “hoc City Heart” is an engine of intelligent urban development supported by “all-knowing, all-intelligent, all-calculation, all-ecological” and is designed to create “one platform, two centres, n-type applications” (1+2+n) for the city, industry and civil levels.
The “hoc city heart” strategy will help companies to work with smart cities. (ttm) is 20 times as low as it is, covering it for the first time with a “recommended” rating.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.