(b) Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) of national-owned platform-type semiconductor equipment, which has historically been responsible for a number of major ad hoc attacks;
The company is the semiconductor equipment company of the Beijing National Finance Committee, and the major fund holds shares in the first two issues. The company’s history dates back to the 70o plant, the Beijing-building machine plant, and is the first to have the highest/minimum (in dollars) of nearly 12 months.
Enterprises with semiconductor equipment. In 2001, Northern Microelectronics took over the country’s 863th Plan Plasma Erosion Project. With the transfer of new energy sources and the industry in the led industry, home-grown equipment broke.
The management team's background is from Beijing's built-in machine factory, with decades of experience, technology, company prices compared to the 300-year-old trend.
*Crystal circle manufacturing is driven by national production, and equipment will continue to benefit from a rise in semiconductor capital spending, with China accounting for one third of the world’s largest market for semiconductor equipment, and one third of the world’s previous market for equipment. In 2026, China’s 12 inches of crystal-crystal capacity will be driven by national production.
According to Semi, the country’s semiconductor industry autonomy will rise to 27%, but there is still a $100 billion gap. The first two years of a major fund focused on manufacturing, with less equipment and less material, and three more will be closed.
Keying equipment will be hardened. . ..national production will be more advanced, platform-type companies will have a clear advantage. Semiconductor equipment will require continuous high R & D inputs.
The very high level of precision and control at the nano level makes it necessary for companies to invest in research and development on a continuous basis in order to be able to apply shrinking process nodes and new materials. Companies maintain high R & D inputs on a year-to-year basis, at the same level as overseas leaders. With sustained high R & D inputs, companies are making product breakthroughs.
In recent years, the company has released a number of new items, including 12-inch electron-coupled plasma media etchings, etching machines accuralx, etc. There is greater synergy among advanced processors, the advantages of a platformed company is evident, and the company is expanding its core segment layout in downstream markets.
The rapid growth of platform semiconductor equipment, 1.1 North Micro and Seven Star Electronics, which have historically been responsible for several major ad hoc attacks, has not progressed as expected, industrial competition has intensified, and trade friction has intensified.
The company’s first company to date is the 7000 plant. The company’s shareholders are the Seven Stars Group, formerly the 700th, 706, 707, 718th, 797th and 798th State plants in 1999.
In 1965, 700 of them were founded as the backbone of the electronics-specific equipment belonging to the former Ministry of Electronics and Industry. They began to develop semiconductor-process equipment in the 1960s and successfully developed China’s first diffusion furnace and first plasma etching.
With the opening of reforms, the semiconductor equipment industry has undergone a transition from planning to market, with constant technological advances. The opening of reforms began with the gradual opening of international markets, the introduction of advanced technology from abroad, and me.
The Chinese semiconductor equipment industry has gradually opened up a model of “technology-for-market” outreach, mostly through whole-line procurement to adapt to market-based competition and to withstand shocks. But 700 plants have maintained their equipment territory and continued their technological offensives and markets. In 1984, applied material (appliedmature) established a Chinese customer service centre in Beijing.
The first offshore semiconductor equipment company to enter China, which worked with an etching machine to develop a professional base for our semiconductor industry, many of which until now have dedicated and served the domestic semiconductor equipment industry and have played an irreplaceable role as a backbone in the enterprise.
United Seven Stars Group, Qinghua University, Beijing University, etc., to set up the North Microelectronics (North Microelectronics Base in Beijing)