Nationally produced semiconductor equipment leads, platform layout opens up room for growth, North China first covers depths, leading domestic semiconductor equipment suppliers, high harvests, and net interest rates continue to rise.
The company was the leading supplier of semiconductor equipment in the country, which was reorganized by seven star electrons and northern microelectronics on 22 November 2024, 2016, focusing on research and development, production, marketing and technology of semiconductor basic products.
In 2019-2023, the company collected $4,058 million.
U Ting Ting, the net profit from the current harvest and the return to the mother is $20,353 million and $4,463 million, respectively, respectively, which is growing on a year-on-year basis, benefiting from the expansion of the crystal mill and the replacement of national production, with the company leading as an icp and pvd equipment.
Industry: According to Semi, global semiconductor manufacturing capacity is expected to grow by 6 per cent in 2024, China leads semiconductor production expansion and China's future chip manufacturers.
Two years are expected to sustain double-digit capacity growth, with Chinese chip manufacturers accounting for almost one third of total industry capacity at 10.1 million (wpm) in 2024, with corrosion machines and thin membrane deposition equipment as the main core equipment of semiconductor equipment, with a market ratio of 20 per cent.
The domestic production rate of semiconductor frontal equipment is less than 20%, and the domestic production rate is expected to increase. Companies: the ratio of carving equipment to semiconductor equipment is high, the market size of the global and domestic corrosion equipment continues to grow, and the global market for corrosion equipment is highly monopolistic, and companies have a high degree of monopoly.
In the last year, equities compared to depth of 300, as the country’s leading supplier of high-end electronics equipment, ploughed acp etching technology. The global and Chinese market for membrane sedimentation equipment was about $21.1 billion in 2023.
With $6.1 billion, global membrane sedimentation equipment showing a highly monopolistic competitive pattern by the international giant, the company began its equipment development work in 2008 and became a pioneer in Chinese technology for pvd process equipment. By the end of 2023, the company had launched more than 40 pieces of equipment.
(b) Human resources risk: supply chain risk: technology upgrade risk:
One of the leading suppliers of semiconductor equipment in the country, receipt and repatriation, 1.1 historical evolution: leading supplier of semiconductor equipment in the country, product class.
Seven Stars Electronics, consisting of high-quality assets and operations of the former Beijing State-owned 700 plant, 706 plant, 707 plant, 718 plant, 797 plant, 798 plant, and the main semiconductor equipment and precision sub-components business. The same year, Northern Microelectronics was joined by Beijing Seven Star Group, Qinghua.
Funding for high-end semiconductor equipment operations. In 2016, seven star electrons and north microelectronics were restructured strategically, in 2017, seven star electrons were renamed North China, and in 2018 and 2020, the company acquired the United States company Akrionsystemsllc, North Guang, respectively.
Technology-related assets for radio frequency applications have further enriched the high-end integrated circuit equipment product, with the company ' s sales revenue breaking by $10 billion for the first time in 2022.
The company focuses on research and development, production, marketing and technical services for semiconductor basic products, mainly electronic process equipment and electronic components. Electronic process equipment includes semiconductor equipment, vacuum and new energy lithium electrical equipment.
Transistors, modular power sources, microwave components, etc. Corporations have always adhered to scientific and technological innovation, and have promoted the development and upgrading of new products and have actively expanded product applications to meet rapidly growing market demands.
1.2 Financial analysis: Net profits from revenue collection and repatriation are growing at a high rate, while net profits from corporate revenue and repatriation have been growing at a high rate for many years. From $4.058 billion to $22.79 billion in business earnings in 2019-2023, capr reached
+54.72%. In the area of integrated circuit equipment, the company has been a national leader for many years, with core process equipment such as corrosion equipment, membrane sediment equipment, cleaning equipment and stove equipment breaking through a number of key technologies and industrializing applications, continuously increasing market recognition, industry and industry.
There has also been a significant increase in artistic and market coverage.
57.45 per cent of operating income increased from 78.63 per cent to 88.82 per cent, representing the company ' s main company ' s continuing decline in cost rates over the period and a continuous increase in inventory and contractual liabilities. 2019 - The company ' s inventory and contractual liabilities continued to grow, with the company entering into a new overstatement in 2023
2 Benefiting from the expansion and replacement of national production by crystal-crystal mills, company platforms are excellent, 2.1 China leads semiconductor industries have expanded their production capacity, and the global semiconductor manufacturing capacity of semiconductor countries is expected to grow by 6% in 2024. Cloud computing, edges, etc.
The surge in equipment and the need for arithmetic is driving the development of high-performance chips, as well as the robust expansion of global semiconductor manufacturing capacity. According to Semi, published in June 2024 in California, the latest Global Crystal Production Forecast Report, the global half-conductor.
Physically manufactured capacity is expected to grow by 6 per cent in 2024 and to grow by 7 per cent in 2025, reaching a record high of 33.7 million pieces (8 inches equivalent) of crystal round capacity per month, driven by central training, reasoning and front-line equipment generation ai.
Chinese chip manufacturers are expected to maintain double-digit capacity growth over the next two years. According to the latest Global Crystalworks Prediction Report released by Semi in June 2024 in California, China chip manufacturers are expected to grow by 15% to 8.85 million in 2024.
It is expected that most of the other major chip manufacturing sites will grow by no more than 5% in 2025, and semiconductor capacity in Taiwan, Europe, the Middle East, and South-East Asia will grow to 4.7 million, respectively.
(wpm (3 per cent yoy), 3.2 million (5 per cent yoy), 2.7 million wpm) Figure 8: Global semiconductor production projections
(wpm) Semiconductor frontal equipment production rate is less than 20%. China’s equipment industry has not doubled its demand for equipment investment in the next 10 years.
The second step is to open the country to the world after China’s equipment technology is competing with international manufacturers. Only with core technological upgrades and iterative capabilities on the equipment will it be possible to achieve real excesses in semiconductor manufacturing, and the rate of national production is a matter of priority.
According to data from the 2022 report of the China-China Industrial Research Institute, cleaning equipment has a high rate of national production of about 20% of semiconductor front-way equipment, light time, equipment, ion injections, and projective equipment have a national production rate of less than 1%.
The ratio of light-engineers, etching machines and thin-film sedimentation equipment to the main core of semiconductor equipment is 20% and above.
In addition to the 20 per cent share of the market for corrosion machines and thin film deposition equipment, 9 per cent for testing equipment and 6 per cent for encapsulation equipment, the national production rate of semiconductor equipment is expected to increase.
The overall increase in revenue was over 17.6 per cent, reaching $4 billion, and the rate of domestic production of equipment was 11.7 per cent, and core studies projected a further increase in commercial collection of equipment plants on mainland China to $5.1 billion in 2024, with a national production rate of 13.6 per cent, in line with the general trend of national substitution.
Domestic equipment manufacturers will expand from a point-by-point breakthrough to a two-dimensional expansion, and the equipment industry will enter a new phase of full-scale rapid development, and we believe that the national production rate of domestically produced equipment is currently low and is expected to rise in the future.
Figure 11: Size of the Chinese semiconductor equipment market (in millions of United States dollars), leaders of 2.2icp and pvd equipment, building up core company competitiveness 2.2.1 corrosion equipment: the company has been working deep for more than 20 years on the irp etching technology.
The corrosion can be divided into wet etching and dry etching. The etching is an extremely important step in the process of building integrated circuit chips, and is an important process of graphicization linked to light.
Erosion means the selective removal of unwanted material from the bottom surface of the liner using physical or chemical methods to achieve the correct reproduction of the masked graphics. The etching process is located after the sedimentation of the film and light engraved, with the aim of using chemical, physical, optical, etc.
Unnecessary material removal attached to the surface of the crystal circle, repeated and repeated, is eventually constructed into complex integrated circuits. Erosion can be divided into wet etchings and dry etchings. Wet etchings are less favourable for different directions of the opposite sex, side walls are prone to horizontal etchings causing etching deviations, usually used.
In large process-size applications, or in dry etching, cleaning residues, etc. Dry etching is the prevailing etching technique, dominated by plasma dry etching.
In addition to the deglution equipment, plasma etching can be divided into two broad categories depending on the techniques used to generate and control plasma, namely, capacitive coupledplatma (ccp) etching and electrolytic plasma.
The electrosensive coupling plasma (icp) has the advantages of high plasma density, low-pressure generation, and direct-direct field control, mainly applied to silicon and metal etching, and
The fine etching of some medium materials. The electrovolent coupling of plasma (ccp) media etching equipment also plays a key role in chip manufacturing, particularly in the lateral membrane mapping process, which has a significant impact on the performance of the entire chip.
The ratio of corrosion devices and ccp corrosion devices in 2022 was equal. According to data from the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, in 2022, the ratio of corrosion equipment and ccp corrosion equipment to the market size of corrosion equipment was 47.90% and 47.50%, respectively.
The higher size of the market for ccp equipment, followed by advanced process development of the icp equipment demand faster, making the icp equipment larger than the ccp equipment, which has increased in demand for storage chips in recent years as a result of Nand's gradual entry into the 3d structural age.
The market for ccp equipment has recovered rapidly, and it is expected that in the future the global market for corrosion equipment will again show a high degree of monopoly, with pan forest semiconductors, Tokyo electric subs, and applied materials occupying the main market share.
In Tokyo, where the overall market share of electronic and applied materials is nearly 90 per cent, the combined market share of the national producers, MSMEs, the North Chinese and the Jing Tang semiconductors, is 2.36 per cent, with MSMEs accounting for 1.37 per cent of the total market share, and national production growth alternatives are vast.
The ratio of corrosion equipment to semiconductor equipment is high, and the global and domestic markets for corrosion equipment continue to grow. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the ratio of corrosion equipment to the global market for semiconductor equipment was about 22% in 2022, the closest.
Over the years, the global market for corrosion equipment has shown a growing trend, with the global market for corrosion equipment growing from $11 billion to $184 billion in 2019-2022, of which the medium is etching about $8.4 billion and the conductor is corrosioning about $10 billion.
The body etching equipment, including silicon base etching and metal etching, is expected to grow to $19.2 billion in 2023. The size of the domestic corrosion equipment market grew to $37.528 billion in 2022, and the company, as the leading supplier of high-end electronics equipment in the country, is working deep on the anicp carving.
Over 20 years of corrosion technology. The company has tackled technical difficulties such as the electrosensive cogeneration of pulse plasma sources, multi-temperature electrostatic boards, double-story protection coatings and in situ coatings of the reaction cavity, and has achieved a breakthrough of 12 inches of technology nodes. The company’s multiple crystalline silicon and metal etching series
The scale application of the icp equipment has resulted in the development and validation of multiple core processes, such as the isolation of shallow trenches, the fencing of the filtration, etc., and the support of the national mainstream customer technology line, which has now resulted in a large volume of production by multiple clients and has become a baseline equipment.
In 2021, the company began to invest in the development of media etching equipment, and it was working on 12-inch critical media etching applications to support continuous client innovation.
Core technology and deep understanding of the etching field have led companies to break through several key technologies in the ccp field, such as plasma generation and control, cavity design and simulation, cryogenic static card disks, high power plasma feed, and building core technical advantages.
At the end of 2023, the company created integrated circuits to cover several key processes in the areas of logic, storage, power semiconductor, etc., providing stable and efficient production security to mainstream domestic customers, gaining customer trust and recognition.
The company's 12 inches of tsv etching equipment is internationally dominant. The silicon vent technology (tsv) is an emerging technological solution that reduces interconnectivity between chips by vertical interconnection, reduces signal delay, achieves low power and high speed communication between chips.
A significant enhancement of the chip performance is one of the key techniques for the continuation of Moore's laws. In the Tsv technique, silicon puncture etching is one of the key steps, and the process is demanding in terms of etching appearances, etching speed, selection ratio, depth ratio, homogeneity, high technology.
Barriers. The company's 12 inches of tsv etching equipment, which can control the side wall image with precision in depth and width compared to silicon perforation through fast gas and radio frequency switching control systems, combined with an excellent process formulation structure, achieves no damage to the side wall and no loss to the line.
Dissimilar real-time control performance significantly increases etching rates to the level of international mainstream. 2.2.2 thin film equipment: the company is a pioneer in Chinese pvd process equipment technology and continues to open up the product series
The film deposition equipment can be divided into physical gas deposition (pvd) equipment, chemical gas phase deposition (cvd) equipment and atomic layer deposition (ald) equipment.
The film deposition equipment can be divided into physical gas phase deposition (pvd) equipment, chemical gas phase deposition (cvd) equipment and atomic layer deposition (ald) depending on the method.
In 2023, the global market for membrane sediment equipment in China was about $21.1 billion and $6.1 billion, respectively. Based on I.R.A., technometric estimates, sales of worldwide semiconductor equipment amounted to $10.63 billion in 2023, and sale of crystal-crystal equipment in 2023.
About 90% of the total semiconductor equipment was sold, amounting to about $96 billion. The market for thin membrane equipment accounted for about 22% of the market for crystal circle manufacturing equipment, which led to a global market for membrane sediment equipment of about $21.1 billion in 2023.
The sales of semiconductor manufacturing equipment as a proportion of the global sales of semiconductor manufacturing equipment were estimated at 29%, and the market for thin film deposition equipment on mainland China was estimated to be $6.1 billion in 2023. Pecvd accounted for about 33% of thin film deposition equipment and ald for approximately 33% of equipment.
The global membrane sedimentation equipment is highly monopolized by the international giants. The global semiconductor membrane equipment industry is largely monopolized by the international giants, of which the application material in the pvd field is unique, the cvd and ald fields are oligopolistic.
In 2020, the market share reached 87 per cent and was in the vanguard position; 2cvd: 2020 Application materials, pan forest semiconductors, Tokyo Electronics together accounted for 70 per cent of the global market and remained stable overall; 3ald: Early Crystal Semiconductor 2020, Tokyo Electronics Total
After more than a decade of technology deposition and innovation breakthroughs, the company began with the development of equipment for pvd, which became a pioneer in Chinese technology for pvd process equipment.
This was followed by the achievement of full coverage of the logical core chips and the storage process of metalization of the chips by breaking through a number of core techniques such as magnetic control sources design, plasma generation and control, cavity design and simulation, particle control, software control, etc.
Based on more than a decade of experience with sediment technology, the company has expanded the layout of both the dcvd and mcvd series of products. The company has addressed the critical technical needs of the media and metal chemical gas deposition by overcoming the homogeneity of the gas systems, the precise balance of pressure, and the dual frequency drive.
A number of technical difficulties, such as the movement of capacitated plasma controls, multistation radio frequency power equalization controls, and the full coverage of process equipment such as metal silicone, metal grids, tungsten deposits, high-resolution constant atoms deposition, key technical indicators reaching industry leadership water
Electronic process equipment: including semiconductor equipment, vacuum equipment, and new energy lithium equipment, companies consistently adhere to scientific and technological innovations and constantly promote product rotation.
We expect the company's 2024-2026 E-Tech equipment operations to earn a score of 2.) E-components: including resistors, capacitors, transistors, modular power sources, microwaves.
(a) Components, etc., where the company promotes the development of components in the direction of miniaturization, integration, high-precision, high-end precision electronics technology, products, services for customers, taking into account that the company is the leading supplier of semiconductor equipment in the country and is rich in products;
The advantage of platforming is that we expect companies to collect 298.80 per cent in 2024-2026, human resource risks: the difficulty of bringing in high-end talent from overseas continues to increase in the current external situation, with new domestic production lines and expansion leading to competition among high-end people in the integrated circuit field.
More intensely, the resulting mismatch between the supply of and demand for total talent exposes companies to a certain risk in terms of retention of core talent. To this end, companies have been innovative in terms of the optimization of their talent structure, the manner in which they develop, and the incentives for long-term effects, which are characteristic of the company’s development phase.
Supply chain risk: Semiconductor industries rely on complex global supply chains. In recent years, counter-global supply has been made possible by global supply in the context of increased uncertainty in the external environment.
Chain risks increase, imported raw material purchases are blocked or extended, and costs increase. To this end, companies increase supply chain security construction, accelerate autonomous and controlled supply chain eco-building, and continuously improve supply chain security systems to protect against supply from external environmental uncertainties
Technological upgrading risks: The semiconductor industry is a highly technology-intensive industry, driven by Moore's Law, where new technological breakthroughs can quickly phase out old technologies. To reduce the impact of technological upgrading on future business development, in recent years,
Companies have continuously increased their investment in new technology research and development for new products, followed up on and developed products adapted to the needs of new technologies in a timely manner, and are moving towards industrial applications.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.