Ford underestimates the drifting trend upwards Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
The company achieved a net profit of $10.3 billion in 2016 (a year-on-year + 3.3 per cent) and was in performance forecast +10.3 per cent, while the volume of sales continued to grow at a higher rate, but the profit growth was less than the increase in sales, mainly as a result of: 1) Chang Anfort was affected by product ageing, and 970,000 vehicles were sold in 2016, representing only an increase.
2.9% longer than the industry average, resulting in a net profit of $18.2 billion (a year-on-year negative gain). On the positive side, Chang-Ann’s autonomous brand continued its profit trend, with an overall profit of more than $600 million in 2016, benefiting mainly from the suv-type maintenance and output gains.
Autonomous brand: the flagship suvcs95 is on the market, and the upward profit trend is clear. March 28th, the CMS suvcs95 is officially on the market.
2810 mm, powered by 2.0t+6at. Currently, seven of the major suvs are still in the blue sea market, and the sales of cs are expected to challenge 10,000 vehicles in the month of 95. In addition, the company will be rolling out all new suvcs55, sedansc301 and mpvv301 over the course of the year.
Long Ann Ford: New Car Vacuum in 2017, entering the product year in 2018/19. According to Ford’s global medium- and long-term strategic plan, Carnival, Fox, Wings, and others will be introduced in 2018.
The product, which will be replaced by wings tigers, Mondios, etc., will be launched in 2019, while new energy models, such as pure electric power and plug-in hybrid power, will be launched by 2020. As the new model continues to be rolled out, and Lincoln’s national production continues, it is expected that the sales and profits of the Chang Anfort will be realized in 2018.
The company is the cheapest car stock, the security margin is higher, and the stock price is high. The company is currently valued at only 7 times the price, a cheapest car company in 2017, and it's lower than the international mainstream car company.
The company’s management and core technical staff receive equity incentives to address management’s long-term effectiveness incentives, which help to improve the efficiency of the company’s business management. At the same time, management’s interests are tied to the value of the stock, which facilitates the release of corporate profits and higher valuations.
1. "Long An Car Criticals Review: Bringing Cars to Us, the New Energy of the Federation of Dynamic Smart Networks " , "Long An Car Criticals Review: Brand Up: Lincoln "
National Production +cs95 Listed 3 and "Long An Car Criticals Review: Hand-held Science Flying " , as well as the future red-rate uplifting space, which we think is reasonable in the light of industry average valuations.
4 Chang An Motors: A significant upswing in sales, three-quarters returns Microcar business continues to decline: Autonomous branding is less profitable than expected, etc. East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.