The company is one of the leading companies in the car industry in the country, with its main products being cars, suv, mpv, microscopics, microscopics.
In the reporting period, the company sold a record high of 3,0634,000 vehicles throughout the year, an increase of 10.33 per cent over the previous year, with a significant increase in the number of autonomous brands and vehicles, with a cumulative increase of 1.3 million vehicles, a 28 per cent increase over the same period, and autonomous suv.
Products cs15, cs35, cs75, etc., are market-driven and continue to be marketed; Joint ventures have sold a total of 94.38 million vehicles throughout the year, an increase of 8.65 per cent over the same year, resulting in a decline in public and Maori rates for the period on the market and a steady increase in R & D inputs.
The fall was mainly due to the increased market competition faced by the company’s main vehicle model in the second half of last year, which resulted in higher costs as a result of the increased promotion of vehicles. In 2016, the company’s bank deposits increased and interest income increased during the company’s period.
More than 360 research projects, covering areas such as intelligence, environmental protection, design and many others, have made important breakthroughs, reflecting the firm’s expected accelerated growth in its autonomous branding performance in 2017 with regard to technological reserves and sustainable profitability.
The company will continue to grow steadily, driven by a series of csssuvs and a fugitive, Aushang, etc., while the company will be in its prime brand year in 2017, with many new models on the market.
At a price range of $150,000 or more, there is already a strong competitive advantage in design, work, configuration and process quality, and this is a strategic vehicle model with high expectations. Given the current demand for the seven medium- and high-end suv-type cars in the country, cs95 market
At the same time, the company will continue this year to introduce new and compact suv-cs55, home mpv-based saloons, a new sports car, and re-routed cs35, cs75, which is expected to be further enriched with autonomous branding models.
Changing the long-standing weak profitability of autonomous brands, bringing in mainstream domestic and foreign car manufacturers with a high security margin. At the same time, corporate joint ventures have a stable profitability, autonomous brands are about to move into a new product cycle, and multiple products are expected.
For the first time, we gave the Department of Public Administration a “precautionaryly recommended” investment rating. Joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department, the main area of research and follow-up: the mechanical industry.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.