In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved a double-digit increase in revenue profits. In the first quarter of 22 years, the company achieved operating income of 11,86 billion yuan (+11.5 per cent) and a net return of 7.22 billion yuan (+12.1 per cent) to the mother, excluding the net profit from the parent.
Income end: (1) 5g users continue to grow for good mobile operations. One quarter of mobile operations earn 49.01 billion yuan (+5 per cent). The net increase in mobile users reached 379 million households, of which 5g is equal to the value of mobile operations arpu for the entire 21-year period. (2) Intelligent family operations are growing strongly.
A steady increase in support networks. Income from fixed nets and smart family services amounted to $29.65 billion (+5 per cent). A net increase in the number of wired broadband users a quarter was 3.4 million to 173 million households. Thanks to the company’s full-scale promotion of digitalization programmes such as house intelligence, intelligent communities, digital villages, etc., the income of intelligent households grew by 22.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The value of the combined broadband arpu is 46.7 yuan, a slight increase from the 21-year-old broadband arpu value. (3) Industry’s digital business accelerates ahead. Industry’s digitized business revenue a quarter amounts to $29.41 billion (+23%). Companies take full advantage of the sky cloud, while enriching the 5g network’s business model through the cloud.
The new digital information infrastructure integrated on the Web provides clients with integrated smart scenario solutions, which accelerates the growth of industry’s digital business. Cost side: sustained increases in R & D inputs, with a certain increase in cost.
The main reason for the cost-sharing increase is that companies are actively investing in the development of 5g, industry digitalization, and research and development, while continuously optimizing the quality of the network and raising user awareness. During the reporting period, companies were spending 1,120 million yuan (+56.8 per cent) on research and development and were investing in high technology.
Talent acquisition, cloud net integration, and 5g core technology research and development; sales costs of $14.24 billion (+12.2%) and continuous investment of the necessary marketing resources during the 5g and industrial digital development opportunities.
Development trends, continued expansion of industrial digital investment, projected to be invested in industrial digitization throughout the 22-year period. China Telecom (601728,sh) - a steady growth in mobile operations, industrial digitization for development. China Telecom-601728-2021 3-year performance rating: double figures of income and profit
The frequency network compensates for the shortfall in coverage of the 5g low frequency network. At the same time, there are plans to add 45,000 new hangars and 160,000 cloud servers to upgrade the power industry through the construction of the cloud network base in the age of arithmetic.
Increasing investment in the digitalization of industry is expected to boost the rapid growth of industry’s digital business. At the same time, the steady growth in the number of users of 5g and the development of intelligent household business will be steadily ahead of the first quarter of 2022: double-digit income gains will be achieved
In the first quarter of 2022, corporate earnings increased in double digits. In the first quarter, corporate operating income rose by 11,858 million yuan. 11.5 per cent compared to the same period last year.
Some 380 million households \triangleright, with a net increase of 2,295 million 5g package users, reaching an estimated 211 million households, with a penetration rate of 55.5 per cent and a mobile user arpu of RMB 45.1, which was almost equal in 2021.
\triangleright accounts for 173 million households, smart family incomes increased by 22.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, pulling the broadband complex arpu to 46.7 yuan per person, a slight increase in the same year.
The company has vigorously promoted the integration of the digital economy and the real economy, with significant growth in industrial digitization operations, which generated income of 29.41 billion yuan, a 23.2 per cent increase over the same period. Figure 2: China ' s one-season operating income and growth in telecommunications (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 3: China ' s net profit and increase in telecommunications (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 4: China ' s single-season net profit and increase in telecommunications (in billions, per cent)
The company seizes important strategic opportunities for rapid development of the digital economy and fully implements the “Cloud Re-numbering” strategy to expand comprehensive smart information products and services with a client-centred focus, strengthen technological and technological innovation, empower the digital information base, build facilities, efficiently contribute to the effective landing of the East-West Calculus project, and accelerate the digital transformation.
It is expected that the 900mhz band network will be deployed to compensate for the shortfall in coverage of the 5g low-frequency network. At the same time, 45,000 additional hangars and 160,000 cloud servers are planned.
It is hoped that investment in the digitization of large industries will contribute to the rapid development of the industry’s digital business. At the same time, the number of users benefiting 5g has steadily increased and intelligent family business has developed, with mobile and broadband operations moving forward steadily.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author