The high performance rate is in line with expectations, and the new formulations go to the Collon Pharmacy, the Collon Pharmacy (002422) three-quarterly.
In the tri-quarter report of 2018, the Cullen Pharmacy industry realized business income of 12.32 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 54.63 per cent in the same year; Net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 1,023 million yuan, an increase of 164.80 per cent in the same year. Net income attributable to shareholders in listed companies, net of non-recurring losses and losses, was 4,439 million yuan in 2018, an increase of 49.56 per cent in the same year; Net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was realized was 249 million.
The net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies less non-recurring gains and losses is $229 million, an increase of 66.72 per cent. Indeed, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity,1 performance increases at a pace commensurate with expectations, and the volume of new formulations is gradually released.
From the point of view of the sub-product line, both the company’s infusion plates and the non-infusion plates continue to report high growth rates. From the point of view of the product, the company Coreshus (sodium Parisse), Dot (fat amino acid (17), glucose (11%) injected fluid) and Domongje (propanium) from the point of view of the product.
Priority varieties, such as amino acid (18), were approved in 2017. In the third quarter of 2018, the sales income of Coreshu+Dot+Domónite+Boloth was close to 300 million (the sum of 158 million reported in the four varieties), and the income of the third quarter was largely equal to the sum of the previous two quarters, with a clear trend towards progressive release.
From the point of view of profit contribution: in the first three quarters, the total return to the mother was $1,023 million, the cost of R & D was $621 million (over 750 million in total and the amount of investment increased), and the main reason for the increase in the value of the profit to the lower limit was the increase in R & D investment. The profit from the rough split of the fluid plate was $1.15 billion (stone 4 and a table close to 100 million), the profit from the sum of Tsuanning 500 million, the value of the formulation plate was more than 40 million, and the subsidiary Xijiang had completed the relocation in the first quarter.
From a cost perspective: the total cost of the third quarter was 120 million more than in the second quarter. The cost of new drugs incurred in the first quarter was about 90 million more than in the second quarter, the cost of research and development was about 30 million more than in the second quarter, and the financial cost was about 20 million more than in the second quarter.
Billion, 160 million in the third quarter, full production in the second quarter, and a slight fall in profits in the third quarter are still largely due to the fact that production in 7aca has not yet stabilized. The formulation plate has accelerated slightly, with new energy starting to grow gradually in the second half. The fluid plate is higher in the second quarter, slowing slightly in the third quarter, and the effect of the flu has diminished.
Financial costs have risen from 410 million to 469 million over the same period last year, and the effects of increased use of finance, exchange rate movements, and the continued rise in market interest rates have led to higher financial costs, which are expected to continue to rise in the fourth quarter. Starting in 2018, the company’s core barriers will gradually show a competitive edge, benefiting from environmental protection, consistency assessment policies, and priorities in the future.
Chuanning’s core competitiveness lies in the price differential of raw materials, the world’s largest fermenter, environmental advantages, and especially environmental advantages. The core competitiveness of Trunchin’s continued profitability lies in the steady high output of the Cullen process;
Cost reduction measures are being implemented; the country’s environmental protection is becoming more stringent. Increased concentration of the big infusion plates + flu situation + structural optimization + profit from investment in quartz four drugs is expected to contribute more than 1.4 billion dollars. Total infusion plates remain stable but continuously optimized, increasing value added through internal proportional adjustment.
His intestinal nutrients and fluids were granted several varieties in 2017, adding up to Colon’s own major fluids with rapid release and a faster return on profits. Moreover, increasing the concentration of the whole infusion industry, with the strong’s long-standing locomotive effect, the big infusion plates are expected to show strong performance in 2018.
Rapid release, imitation-led innovation by Collon, with dozens of generics approved in 2018-2019 as the core of the innovation product and achieving high performance growth in the current period.2 R & D has been updated and is now in the harvest period
Since 2013, more than $3.248 billion has been invested in research and development, and the Collon Institute is gradually entering the harvest period. As reported, the company has developed a category of 443 generic drugs (of which there are 113 consistent evaluations), 17 Ndds, 41 innovative small molecules, 37 biomagnostics, 41 clinically approved and 38 approved.
Columbo’s pseudo-pharmaceutical ladder team, which is only the night before the eruption of the thin air, will produce intensive products in the next 2-3 years, which will also provide a new growth point for corporate formulation plates, fluid plates, and a huge elasticity of performance. The research and development capabilities of the Collon Institute are again proven, and the generics declared under the new regulations are approved as being evaluated through a consistent evaluation, and in fact will be issued later.
In the future, the company will promote innovative medicines with generic drugs, covering a wide range of major domestic diseases, such as tumours and assistive drugs, bacterial infections, intestinal nutrition, cardiovascular, neurotic, diabetes, anaesthesia, etc. In the previous three quarters, the company has obtained 10 copies of the generic drug production batch (first four copies), as shown in table 1, for the oral solid formulation consistency evaluation of production batch 1
In the same period in Central America, the innovative adc project launched clinical trial studies, pd-l1 overseas authorized, and marked the official internationalization of clinical research with an interest in Colin.
The non-plate of hydrochloric acid is included in the thirty-second priority approval (application for pharmaceutical production one year before patent expiry, first declaration): the non-plate of hydrochloric acid is developed jointly by Bayer and Gsk and was first approved in 2003 in the European Union under the trade name Levitragy, followed by inhibitors (Dysterase 5 phosphate) in the United States and Japan, with the advantages of precision, ease of use and safety, and recommended as male in various national and international authorities.
Coron was the first country to use a bioequivalency study (be) and to be consistent with the original quality.
Imports have been approved, commodity cards have been issued, b. For adults who cannot or are not functionally functional or who are forbidden from nutrients via mouth/intestinal tracts, to protect the national health care species B. This product is the fourth intestine triple bag product that was approved for Colon, enabling marketing.
Pd-l1 One overseas authorization: Colombote will pay Harbour for the development and sale of its anti-pd-l1 monoclon antibodies project, which has autonomous intellectual property rights, in addition to China (including Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan).
After the product has been marketed, Halbour will pay up to $205 million in milestone money.
In addition, innovation companies are accelerating their progress. Early in the year, the successful overseas licensing of innovation patents and america-American reporting of innovative adc projects marked the internationalization of Colin's drug research.
A045-2-Palidone Palm Acid Chemical Medicine Category 4
Schizophrenia, the first clinical declaration in the country, the firm's infusion plate, the Trentin project, the steady progress in research and development, the future elasticity of the formulation plate.
Three drivers of gradual realization, with equity incentives guaranteeing performance. We expect a net return profit of 1,237 million yuan in 2018-2020, 16.08 dollars for pe 27x, 21x, 17x, respectively. Maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
One of the seven core members of the new wealth team in 2015 and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015. M.A. Pharmacology, North, Beijing University.
B.A. in Pharmacology, Beijing University, and Kwan Koko, three years old.
Investing opportunities like internationalization. With a doctoral-level logical perspective + geologic research + hard work, especially with regard to chemicals, medicine internationalization, in-depth research and unique insights. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.