Biadebyd (002594ch) showed mixed performance in the third quarter, with R & D plus and global expansion driving long-term growth 3q25mixedresources; r&daclerationandglobalexpansiontodrivelong-termgrowth
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
Three seasons of mixed performance: profit pressure but long-term growth dynamics.
356,000 with an equation of about 44,000 e-s-g: 0-5, (pleaserebertotheappendixforescomments). Over the previous three quarters, the company had a cumulative sales volume of 3.26 million, an increase of 18.6 per cent over the previous three quarters.
Millions of dollars, 31.8% more than at the beginning of the year, reflecting pressure to adjust production and marketing. Research and development inputs continue to be high in terms of daily turnover (3-month average). Overall, short-term profits and cash flow are under pressure, but companies continue to add up to R&D.
Business indicators have continued to improve, and global expansion has accelerated. By the first three quarters of Biadi’s global sales amounted to 3.26 million vehicles, an increase of 18.6 per cent compared to the previous quarter, achieving about 71 per cent of the year’s target and remaining stable worldwide.
The smart car-type penetration rate is rising rapidly, with the Eye of the Gods helping the driving system load up to 1.7 million vehicles, driving brand images and product premiums.
The offshore market became a new engine of performance, with 70.16 million overseas sales in January-September, a 132% increase in the same volume and a doubling of the year ' s target ahead of schedule; the product covered 117 countries and regions. Companies strengthened the ecological synergy of the supply chain, and there was a marked decline in accounts payable and paper payments.
By and large, Biadi has created a positive cycle of regulation, technology, and globalization, with long-term growth certainty. Speeding up the deployment of megawatt flash and storage systems, insisting on phosphate lithium to ensure battery safety.
At the Tokyo Car Fair in 2025, Adi showed his leadership in the field of electrodynamic technology and security. Li Yunfei, Director General of Public Relations of the brand, said that the company plans to accelerate the construction of megawatt flash and storage stations by 2026 and will build more than 4,000 megawatts in the future.
Stations, the first of which have been launched in conjunction with Hanl and Tangl. The system uses a global kV high-pressure structure (1,000 v/1000a) with a charge capacity of 1 mw, with a flash capacity of 5 minutes and a continuous flight of 400 km, and carries 1,500v carbon-resistant silicon that has been developed autonomously.
Power chips, specialized high-power batteries, and cold-cooled direct-cooling technologies that significantly enhance radiating and allocative energy. The company simultaneously deploys storage systems simultaneously in areas with insufficient power grid capacity to guarantee high-power charging and steady operation. Li Yunfei stresses that battery safety is still the best in new energy vehicles.
Biadi will continue to adhere to the phosphate lithium route, ensure the physical safety of commercial and passenger vehicles, and build technical barriers and consumer trust. Profit predictions: we expect the company to sell about 4.61 million new cars in 2025, the same as in the previous year.
The company values the combined strength to be significantly better than most of the industry self-employed, giving a certain pe by 6%, and maintaining a “better than the big city” rating.
Wang Kaiwang, cfa