The demand surged, deep-farming operations spread across the south-west securities institute, with 49.9 per cent penetration of the new monthly energy by bus, plus 7.4 pp, product supply upgrades and policy end-up.
To push the industry toward a demand-driven phase, and to continue to stimulate further demand release with old-change policies. As industry’s leader, working to achieve vertical integration of resources and to strengthen technology development, R&D costs of 25h1 billion yuan, or +50.8% of the year, have enhanced technology to help build a model of blast vehicles and complete market ownership.
And brand status continues to be consolidated. (3) The scale effect + the increase in overseas sales has led to a rise in the profits of bicycles. 23 years of company sales out of 3 million, 90,000 dollars per bicycle, + 9.9 per cent per bike, 24 years of sudden sales of 4 million vehicles, and 0.88 million dollars per bike. In addition, the company's overseas layout has achieved significant results, 25h1 nautical miles.
In the long run, the number of vehicles sold amounted to 254,000, or more than 150.4% of the year, and the number of good factors or factors that would stimulate the growth of sales continued, raising the level of single-car profits of support companies. • The penetration rate of new energy sources fell by 40%, and sales in the policy-side support industry increased.
The penetration rate is 44.3%, compared to +9.1 pp. In particular, this year's pure electricity/plug-up power, 25h1 sales points, cars have been replaced by old cars, with 8.3 million new applications as of 10 September, with full policy effects. In addition, the Ministry of Commerce has indicated that it will continue to conduct the new energy consumption season in thousands of counties, plus
The Ministry of Commerce will also move forward with the reform of the vehicle circulation tax, and the Ministry of Commerce will continue to increase its efforts to diversify and continuously release the potential for car consumption. Companies will integrate their resources vertically, and will continue to consolidate their vanguard status.
Source vertical integration, covering a wide range of new energy vehicles, mobile phones, batteries, semiconductors, etc.
In the face of competition in the tram industry, strong-resource firms have the power to resist uncertainty, and companies, as industry leaders, are expected to use their resources to further strengthen their leadership.
• In the area of deep-farming automobiles, the scale effect has begun to show, and the overseas layout has been very effective. The company has created a full product matrix through the two-share (billions of shares) network distribution channel, which has a clear advantage.
In addition, public and new vehicle listings and overseas markets have continued or will further boost the growth of Biadi sales.
The company is leading the car industry, continuing to strengthen technology, product research and development, and expanding the overseas market to create new growth dynamics for the company. We expect to return to net profits in the next three years.
The highly competitive “techno-fishing pool” is inextricably linked to the early vertical integration of managers into the business chains and the subsequent marketing of the lines of operations. (1) From 1995 to 2002, it started with cellular batteries. It became the first Chinese supplier in Motorola and Nokia.
(ii) From 2003 to 2009, the area of battery, electronics and chips was organized around the main automobile industry. Acquisition of “Si'an Qinchuan” into the car market: development of power cells at the svb plant (storage and auto battery plant): injection of internal mobile phone manufacturing into the Biadi electronic completion stock market: acquisition of semiconductor manufacturing enterprise “Ningbo mid-latitude”
Car chip area. (3) During the adjustment period, the company continued to develop deep-farming technology. tid technology (turbine wheel booster direct-jet + bi-diverse converter) was released to develop two-generation, two-way reverse technologies. (4) 2013-2016, focusing on new energy vehicle layout product lines. 7+4 market-wide strategic layouts were launched, and the cloud track was launched.
(5) 2017 – to date, open-source system, with full flowering of the lines of operations. Automobile, e3.0 flat table and dm5.0 mix; Batteries, blade batteries, Fodie batteries. Figure 1: Biadi historical development.
At this stage, the company is mainly engaged in automobile operations focusing on pure electric power and plug-in hybrid power, covering electronics such as smart terminals, automobiles, and batteries that include photovoltaics and storage power, and orbital traffic is one of the currently actively expanding domains.
Automobile business: Corporate core business, complete transformation of new energy vehicles in 2022. In March 2022, the company adjusted its strategy for the development of automobiles, stopped the entire production of fuel cars, and the auto business will focus on pure electric power and plug-in hybrids. In January 2024, the company focused on a new strategy for the development of new energy vehicles intelligently -- whole-car intelligence, leading the industry.
The company now has autonomous R & D and production capabilities for core components of the entire industrial chain of new energy vehicles, such as batteries, electric machines, electrical controls, chips, car-related smart software and hardware, and two major distribution networks, the Dynasty Network and the Ocean Net, with products “traditional, commercial, stable” and the “new tide, motion, personality” clustering of products.
Electronics: Companies adhere to a diversified layout. Biadi Electronics (International) Ltd. split up (stock code: 0285.hk) in Hong Kong in 2007, relying on electronics information technology, artificial intelligence technology, 5g and object networking technology, thermal management technology, new materials.
Core advantages, such as material technology, precision modelling technology, and digital manufacturing technology, provide a one-stop product solution for global customers. The business covers diversified market areas such as smartphones, flat-board computers, new energy vehicles, household storage, smart homes, game hardware, drones, ai servers, 3d printers, material networking, robotics, communications equipment, medical health equipment, etc.
Battery business: A company with great potential. A company that is a deep farmer of domestic power cells, is a national leader in technology, has a complete system of research and development and production of power cells, and has a layout of the entire industry chain (from mineral resource development to battery bag output). The product currently covers nickel hydrogen batteries, cobalt-acid lithium batteries, phosphate lithium batteries, tri-dollar batteries, for electric cars.
The company has been developing a purely electric bus market abroad, leading the European and American markets, with a share in Europe of more than 20 per cent of the net electric bus market, while in 2021 the company moved further into the field of new overseas energy vehicles, officially setting up the European market in 2023.
Overseas operations continued to expand, with the company’s first overseas vehicle production base in Thailand officially laid down in March, and large production base complexes in Brazil announced in July and December, respectively, as well as the creation of a global leading new energy vehicle-building base in Hungary, actively promoting localized production processes and a global car electric transformation.
The global strategic collaboration between the company utensils (uber) and distribution technology companies has not only expanded the uber platform’s motor vehicle array, but has also helped speed up the company’s movement to the international market. In 2025, the company’s car exports accelerated, the share of overseas revenues continued to rise, and the equity structure of 25h1 was stable. The company’s actual controllers and shareholders held 16.9% of the company’s shares.
Lu Xiaoyang, as Wang's cousin, holds a 7.87 per cent share in the company, reflecting the participation and influence of family members within the company. Hong Kong Central Clearing (Agent) Ltd. holds 40.38 per cent of Biadi's shares on behalf of Hong Kong and overseas investors.
In 2022, the penetration rate of new energy vehicles exceeded 20% and the industry moved to a demand-driven phase. Since 2021, the penetration rate of new energy vehicles has been 13.4% and 25.6% in 2022. According to s-curve, the penetration of comparable electricity products continues to be introduced at the end of the supply, resulting in sustained demand-side releases.
Prices are generally higher than those of the same fuel vehicle, Model3 (renewal) when it was launched in October 2019, at $35.5 million, while the main distribution of fuel vehicles in the country is between 100,000 and 200,000. In recent years, with industrial subsidy policies and lower production costs for new energy vehicles through self-researching, there has been a gradual increase in the production of fuel vehicles between 100,000 and 200,000 districts.
Moreover, against a background of a more diversified and highly priced supply of electric vehicles, the penetration rate of new energy sources in 25h1 countries has reached 44.3 per cent, compared to +9.1 pp. In the current phase of new energy vehicles, bev (pure power) is the predominant area.
One vehicle, which accounts for 60.0% of new energy vehicle sales; the 25h1 pure tram sales, which account for 44.15 million vehicles, weighs 63.6% of new energy vehicles, exceeding the 24-year level. With the successive roll-out of a large number of phev models and an overlap in market demand, the hybrid technology has gained market recognition, with the share of phev sales rising to 40.0% in 2024, an increase of 10.4 pp.
Industry returns to vertical integration and costs control becomes core competitiveness. In the fuel-car age, car firms construct core technical barriers to engine, gear box, and chassis that affect the performance of the whole vehicle, with a higher threshold for car construction: car firms with mastery of core technology maximize profits, often strip away from other parts and components operations, and allow external suppliers to compete, produce, and specialize in production.
At the same time, the cost of spare parts has been reduced. New-energy car cores have been reduced by three technical barriers, which can be achieved through outsourcing, so that the technical barriers to car-making have been significantly reduced, and cost-side controls have become one of the core competitive features of car-making; while verticalized production, with high sales, can achieve a significant reduction in costs and build cost-side advantages.
The issues of safety in the industrial chain are also gaining attention, driven by such factors as the core, the price of raw materials from downstream expansion, and the vertical integration of the industrial chain by major vehicles to reduce cost-side pressures, such as mass cars, microscopics, scavenging technologies, among others, where Tesla and Biadei are vehicles that have been in the process of vertically integrating several key links in the industrial chain earlier.
The new energy-car market is currently at a balance between supply and demand. In 2024, the production and sale of new energy-cars was largely balanced, with tens of thousands and, in general, a relatively balanced share of new energy-car-car sales.
Cross-border vehicle construction. Industry cr.3 reached 48.0 per cent in 24 years, and the top three producers of the first three new energy market shares in 2024 were Biadi, Jili and Chang An, respectively, with a market share of 29.4 per cent, 12.5 per cent and 6.7 per cent, respectively.
As a whole, the industry is moving toward a market driven by policy, and the industry’s “growth” is more certain. But, given the lower threshold of car-making techniques, the large number of market participants, the more competitive industry, and the fact that cost-side regulation is one of the core competitiveness of car firms.
Manufacturers with capacity and cost control capabilities are expected to benefit fully from high-quality growth in the industry. 3 Company analysis: vertical layout around the auto master industry 3.1 Automobile operations: mixed & pure electricity lead
3.1.1 phev area: Technology & Explosion, a company with a mature autonomous hybrid system (1) The location of power units on power transmission lines in mixed power systems is mainly distributed in po, p1, p2, p3, p4, p4.
(2.5) Six locations, with different features that can be performed by the power generators. Po, p1, can only achieve the mhev type, and his/her position can be achieved. The hybrid system can be divided into three basic structures according to the power transmission route: a cascade, a combination and a mix.
Union structures can work only on battery-driven electric machines, and can work with engines with greater flexibility. The process of changing hybrid technologies is the continuous optimization of mixed power systems in different places and structures.
Toyota has now opened up its hybrid technology, which has been working with vehicles like Hiroshima, Jili, and others. It has matured, but has a more complex structure and high hardware costs. In addition, Honda and Japanese companies have also published their hybrid technology.
At the domestic level, Biadi is a clear leader in the field of hybrid technology, and the Great Wall, Chang-An, and others have published hybrid systems for autonomous research. Companies have accumulated technology in the field of power-infusion technologies for more than 10 years, and now dm technologies have changed to the fifth generation:
dm1.0 (2008) Using a variety of working models such as "p1+p3" binocular co-structures, pure power drive, hybrid drive, low-speed combination of v or hev, high-speed motor drive, and still in the best efficiency zone, with an emphasis on fuel economy.
(dm2.0 (2013) is based on a multi-speed dct (doubt-coupled automatic transformer) co-structure, belonging to the “p3” single-power structure, with the advantage of a more mobile, power-efficient, smoother and non-power-busting fuel mode than dm1.0;
More dynamic than version 1.0. dm3.0 (2018) with "p0+p3 (forward drive), p0+p4 (for double calculus four drive), p0+p3+p4 (for tricy four drive)"
Models. On the basis of version 2.0, add bsg power units, add dilatory power, smart power generation, rapid acceleration and auxiliary replacements, and continue to focus on motor power. dm-i and dm-p (2020) are upgrades based on dm1.0 and dm3.0 respectively. In 2020, companies launched dm
The technology two-platform strategy is to move all the dm2.0 and dm3.0 models under the flag to a dm-p platform focused on power performance. Meanwhile, the dm-i model based on a hybrid structure of dm1.0 is economically focused. dm5.0(2024) takes the oil deficit into the 2nd age.
Temperature-wide heat management structures, IGE-electronics as the technology base, resulting in the highest motor heat efficiency rate of 46.06 per cent, the lowest 100 km of electricity deficit in the world 2.9l and the longest combined global renewal of 2,100 km, redefinition of the new plug-in technology, which will help global mixing into a new era. dm5.0 is the first time to mount Qin ldm-i, seal 06dm-i.
The start-up cost was $998,000, and the listing of the two vehicles further refined the Biadi product matrix and, more importantly, the traditional fuel vehicle table 3: Core advantage of the Yadidm 5.0 (2) dm-i/dm-p dual platform to improve the market layout
dm-i platform: focused on economics, mostly on ultra-low fuel consumption dm-i mixes with dm1.0, focused on fuel economy and based on five core systems -- including the use of cloud engines with the highest global mass production and heat efficiency of 43.04 per cent (dm5.0 heat efficiency of 46.06 per cent), electrical power, power, etc.
The power control, speed transformer integration of the ehs mix system and the application of power-powered blade batteries and battery heat management systems have resulted in a full upgrade of dm1.0 and the creation of a dm-i platform that can achieve ultra-low fuel consumption, more integrated and lightly quantified. The main models are Songplusdm-i, Qinplusdm-i, Songprodm-i, destroyer dm-i, Hamdm-i, Dondm-i, etc.
Figure 17: dm-i five core systems dm-p platform: focuses on functionality, the main heavy-powered dm-p platform is a continuation of dm3.0 and continues to focus on power performance and positioning relatively high.
Dm-p has achieved a full upgrade of spare parts such as 1.5t high-efficiency motors, ehs160 electro-mixing systems, blade batteries, etc., the system's high-level integration has increased the overall power of the vehicle, and the current model of two structures, p0+p4 (double four-drive) and p0+p3+p4 (triple four-drive), has achieved a 100-km acceleration of less than 5s, surpassing the current four-way mechanical four-way drive in the area of removal.
The main models are Tangdm, Handm, Songprodm, Songmaxdm, Qin Prodm, etc. The company has previously focused on the promotion of motor power in the dm 2.0, dm3.0 models, which are deficient in the layout of customers concerned with fuel economy, and the launch of the dm-i/dm-p dual platform, which is expected to complete the company’s coverage of the “low fuel consumption” client group.
(iii) Product availability, high market recognition; in the area of hybrid electric vehicles, Japan’s car company, Toyota has been under cultivation for many years; its ths system has been updated to the fifth generation; Honda has also released an i-mmd hybrid system based on a blended structure; and in the domestic car company, Biadey’s dm system has been upgraded to the fifth generation.
Dm-i, and cars like the Wall (Lemon dht), Gilly (Razor 8848), Chang An (Blue whale idd), Chiré () have also issued hybrid models based on their own hybrid systems.
Lower Songpludm-i has a clear value for money than a Japanese car company. Although Songplusdm-i does not have the same power as the Japanese system, Hondacr-v has a value for money in terms of energy consumption and prices, focusing on low-energy consumption and increased competition in the field of mixed electricity among groups with limited budgets.
Long Anuni-z has also performed better than Songplusdm-i, with a certain value for money, in purely electrolytic miles, 100 km acceleration, etc. At the same time, the Milky flag’s Milky Way17 focuses on power performance and has a certain price advantage, and the continued entry of new products has put competitive pressure on the country’s power mix.
Based on the fact that the dm-i platform focuses on ultra-low fuel consumption and more value-for-money, companies introduce products of obvious value for money in various types of vehicles, such as the Qin series in the field of compact cars, the Song series in the field of compact suv, the Chinese series in the area of medium and large cars, and the Tang series in the area of medium and large suv, among others.
As a result of the increase in the supply of hybrid vehicles by other manufacturers, the company’s market share has been somewhat squeezed, but it still accounts for 51.3%/48.3% and 43.2% of the market share.
The Bureau is expected to further broaden the younger client group and maintain a higher market share. 3.1.2bev area: e3.0 platform full power, 4.0 platform worth looking forward to (1) product matrix perfecting and moving to medium- and high-end markets
The company's position in the pure electricity sector is increasing. In 2024, the company sold 1.765 million electric trains, an increase of 12.1 per cent in the same year, accounting for 22.9 per cent of pure electricity sales in the whole market, and -0.7 per cent in the same year; the 25h1 company sold 1,023,000 electric cars, an increase of 40.9 per cent in the same year, accounting for 23.2 per cent of pure electricity sales in the whole market, and -0.9 per cent in the same year, with the market's share ranked first in the industry.
In order to get the industry in order, the company, as the head business, can easily form the Matthews effect, and then the leader is able to form a more complete product layout. At present, in all types of cars in the pure electricity sector, the company has introduced the right product, the Han/Don series has a high-end market, in which the Han-Don series has become a monthly scrap.
The series of seals against seals against sea lions has led to greater ownership of high-end markets. At the middle end of the market, the company introduced the Qin series, dollar series, etc., with a value-added model, while at the lower end, the company launched the Dolphin type, with a platform e3.0 with a monthly sales of over 10,000 vehicles, which is a moving product in the ocean series.
Middle- and high-end markets are being laid out. Compared to medium- and large-scale vehicles in the same industry, the company’s middle- and high-end product, Hanev, has the largest continued flight, reaching 701 km, with a 100-km acceleration to 6.9s, with a certain degree of competitiveness among peer competitions at the same price in terms of mileage, 100 km acceleration, battery capacity, etc., helping companies to expand their medium- and high-end markets.
On January 5th, 23rd, the High-end Market was launched as an intelligent electric luxury brand dedicated to building quality and competitiveness comparable to international brands and meeting consumer demand for high-end electric vehicles. (2) e3.0evo platform: global initiative, five major technology clusters.
Platforming refers to different types of vehicles that carry different parts through standardized chassis and body structures. For cars, it helps to reduce R & D and production costs, such as sharing of parts and components through different vehicle platforms, and focuses on improving the quality of parts and components; for consumers, it is possible to achieve low-cost, high-quality products in a shorter development cycle.
Many cars in the industry now also have platforms that suit their own needs. For example, Benz's mfa front and mra back-drive platforms, Toyota's tnga platform, the "fe" platform for a compact car and the "kc" high-end car platform, the m-trix for a north car.
Platforms, long-term high-end carc platforms, and so on. Toyota's tnga platform has a "tnga product, an essential good" company platform development phase 3: e1.0 platform (2010) is the process of building an entire industry chain, enabling the platforming of three power-critical parts and components and creating an e6 model.
“33111”, i.e., power-drive triad (drivers, power controllers, deceleration units), power-filled triad (direct flow transformers, vehicle chargers, distribution boxes), 1 high-security high-energy battery, 1 deep integrated control module (smart keys, blue teeth module, tire pressure monitoring, reverse radar, air conditioning controllers, etc.), 1 car-car-car-mounted smart screen — dilink mind
The platform (2019) provides a platform for the complete structure of the vehicle. Using ctb technology, a combined power mix, high-efficiency heat pump systems in the wide-temperature area, high-voltaic voltage fast charge, the capability of Nedc to continue the flight has reached 1,000 km and a 100m acceleration time of 2.9s to charge 5min to 150 km.
In May 2024, Biadei launched the e3.0evo platform and the first-rider Sea Lion 07ev. The product form was first proposed as a "triple one," combining electric machines, electrical controllers, and speed-depressors, with a triple one power-drive system for some parts of the car, such as a small peng. As the car industry developed further, the "triple one" was introduced.
Gradually moving towards "six together" and "seven together" , the Bms (bettermanagement system) battery management system and the vcú (vehiclecontrolunit) whole system were integrated into the new phase. This year, the Biadie platform, 3.0evo, the world's first group of "12 pairs of 1" smart power-drive technologies.
The combination of the traditional eight-in-one with four functional modules (intelligent booster modules, smart lift modules, smart self-heating modules, energy management smart control systems) has since entered a new era. In addition to the smart power-driven technology cluster, Biadi is the first to create an intelligent wide-temperature area high-efficiency heat pump technology cluster, a global smart fast-loading technology cluster, a ctb whole-car safety architecture technical cluster, intelligence.
On August 8, 2024, the third-party testing certification agency, Tuv Nantz Group, issued a copy of the brand-new electronic and electrical architecture 4.0 platform developed autonomously by Biadi.
A Level 2 competency assessment was endorsed. This time, Biadi successfully passed the Level 2 assessment, marking an international leader in software development, capacity and software quality management, adding importance to Biadi’s competitiveness in the global automobile market.
Based on the historical performance of Biadee 3.0 and the high technical level of e4.0, it is expected that the new platform will continue to be able to match new vehicle cycles and stimulate further growth in sales.
In 2024, the company launched the Qin Plus, Minplus, Songpro, Han series of glory editions with the slogan “Electrification is lower than oil, glory hits.” Ten thousand vehicles, an increase of 33.0%, and a monthly average of 35.08 million vehicles, an increase of +33.0%.
With a monthly production of only 50,000 new energy vehicles, the company now produces 350,000 vehicles per month and continues to increase, with eight full-scale production bases securing production capacity and planning for a breakthrough of 4.8 million vehicles. The company's plants include eight non-special-purpose passenger vehicle production bases in Cyan, Changsha, Shenzhen, Fertilizer, Jinan, Chizhou, Chengzhou, Changzhou, and Biadei.
With a total capacity of 3.097,000 units, a planned capacity of 4.802 million units, and a significant breakthrough in the production capacity of the company, the new power plant in Shenzhen, Inc., moved to the Special Cooperation Area.) 3.1.4 The overseas layout has been effective and has accelerated.
The speed of the company's sea trip has accelerated, with exports of 25h1 increasing by 128.0% on a year-to-year basis. In terms of actual sales abroad and exports, the company increased by 77,000 vehicles, with 25h1 mixed overseas sales of +571.4% and 30.1% mixed with +18.9pp. (Note: due to the fact that some countries did not divide Yadi sales in the form of power, the net electricity + mixed ratio was not equal to the sum of the shares.)
In terms of regional segmentation, companies have managed to break through markets in Oceania, Latin America, Europe, and Asia. From a comparative point of view, the overseas markets of 25h1 companies consist mainly of markets in Oceania, Latin America, Europe and Asia, accounting for 10.0 per cent, 21.5 per cent, 28.6 per cent, 39.4 per cent of total overseas sales, including 158.1 per cent, 295.9 per cent, respectively, in Oceania, Europe and Asia.
In addition, companies have a high market share in Latin America, with 24/25h1 in Latin America, and Biadi has made a full breakthrough in the core European region: Byadi sold 50,000 vehicles in the European Union, compared to +286.2 per cent, with a city share of 0.8 per cent, compared to +0.6 pp, with only 0.3 pp (a difference of 1.7 pp over the same period last year) from Tesla.
By May 2025, Biadi had entered more than 20 European countries, and the strategy of globalization has been further advanced. Meanwhile, Biadi has adopted a market-oriented strategy, with a direct electric vehicle in northern Europe to cater for a highly electrified environment.
In Germany and south-central Europe, Biadei uses “super-mixed dm-i” to cut in, as these market fuel trucks continue to dominate, and consumers need transition options. In addition, Biadi has opted for a two-line strategy of expanding the network of distributors and branding, and by the end of 2025 Biadi is expected to sign 120+ dealer contracts in Europe, of which 100+ will be officially operational in Munich.
In the face of Brazil’s early industrial product tax of up to 35% (ipi) and complex certification systems, Biadi did not choose a simple whole-car export model, but started a localization system project: 2025.
By the year, Biadi spent R$5.5 billion (approximately RMB 7.1 billion) on a factory in Bahia. By the way, Biadi Brazil was located in the city of Camassari, located in the metropolitan area of El Salvador. The city was not only an important industrial, economic centre in Bahia, but also a well-developed infrastructure for the infrastructure of the automobile industry, and a well-developed port logistics infrastructure.
By the end of the year, Biyadi's global network of factories has been laid out mainly in South-East Asia, Europe, America, etc., from the research and development highlands of Shenzhen Plate Mountain to the ASEAN hub in Rojong, Thailand, from the South American springboard in Camassari, Brazil, to the Hungarian factory in Europe.
Fort Bay, Biadei is crossing from a simple product export to a “brand export + localized production + technology model + industrial chain service” to reshape the overseas layout ecology.
Since 2023, competition in the automobile industry has intensified, and “price for money” has become the main strategy for major manufacturers. In this context, the average price of companies has fallen to $141,000/car to $25h1 in 22 years, and the downward trend is expected to continue in a process where the industry has not yet completed its liquidation.
The net profits of the company ' s bicycles in 21/22/23/24 were estimated to be 0.2/2/8/0.9 per cent (net of the Byadi e-profit calculation) and 25h1 per vehicle at 0.7 million, or 14.5 per cent, respectively, and are expected to increase further as a result of the increased costs associated with the driving of intelligence, with a combination of policies, supply, prices, channels, etc.
3.2 Battery operations: upstream control costs of layout, and more mature technology for corporate power cell technology for product externalities, i.e. 3.2.1
Power cells, as one of the core technologies of new energy vehicles ... affect the performance of electric cars in terms of range, safety, charge efficiency, etc. The technology routes are based on high energy density, high safety, high multiplier, long-cycle life, and there are three main ways to upgrade technology: material systems, wrapping forms, and core integration.
The material system, which is an important influence on the mass energy density of power cells, achieves a breakthrough in motor vehicle performance based on physical and chemical fundamentals. At this stage, the main positive material used in the market is lithium phosphate (lfp), tri-dollar batteries (ncm), with 75% and 25% respectively in 2024. The former has a clear advantage in battery life, safety, and cost.
The latter perform well in terms of energy density, cryogenicity, and charge efficiency, with the main trio battery in the market generally having a energy density of around 200-350 wh/kg, while the single-body energy density of the lithium phosphate cell is 150-210wh/kg. Given the constant optimization of energy density by electric cars, high nickelization, silicon rehydration, solid-state batteries are one of the pathways for future technological upgrading;
Under this pressure, market research on sodium ion batteries with no dominant energy density is also advancing. Encapsulation is in the form of different battery shapes and wrapping forms to optimize the performance of batteries. The current dominant envelope forms are divided into three forms: cylinders, squares, and soft wraps, where the soft package has the advantage of high energy density and safety and is expected to be lost.
But at this stage, because of the high cost and complexity of the process, domestic battery manufacturers use square wrapping, which is also the dominant form used by companies. The core integration approach is based on improvements in the battery structure, leading to performance improvements.
Modules - Battery Packer Level 3 assembly model, ctm (celltomodule) technology. In recent years, the market has adopted a simpler ctp (cellto-sized battery 1.0) for the integration of cores to increase space utilization, reduce costs and increase energy density. This is also the technique, with volume energy density increasing by more than 50%, and continuous mileage reaching high energy levels.
At the same level as the three-dollar lithium battery, the energy density of future blade battery 2.0 may reach 180wh/kg. And to further simplify the integration, ctc (celltochasis) technology was introduced to design the integrated battery, chassis and lower body to save the battery package further. The company also introduced the ctb (celltobody) in 2022.
The technology, which combines the bottom of the vehicle with the top of the battery, means that the whole “save” structure replaces the battery “save” structure, not only further increasing space utilization, but also doubling the reversal of the whole vehicle, thereby enhancing the safety of the entire vehicle. The ctc/ctb technology is expected to become the mainstream technology direction for future core integration.
Overall, material-based power cell technology has formed two more mature circuits, lithium phosphate and trio batteries, which can meet normal mileage requirements for electric cars, and are short-term options for more economical market-based production. Based on containment-type technologies, squares are the dominant choice for current value ratios. Based on the core integration approach, battery manufacturer ctp technologies
The company now has the production capacity of “Lithium Phosphate (principal)/triple battery plus square/soft package”: at the same time, after a further 500 km voyage, value for money and safety will be a more consumer concern, company blade batteries and
Ctb technology has a clear advantage in both. 3.2.2 external supply of batteries, i.e., accelerated production and distribution, company power cell loads are the second highest in the world. Global (excluding China) power battery loads were realized in 2024.
14.8 gwh, 117.6% higher than the previous year, representing 4.1% of the global load, 2.0 pp higher than the same year, sixth place, and market share higher further. Considering the Chinese market, 25h1 Byadi is ranked second in the global load of power cells, with 89.9gwh, 58.4% higher than the same time, and 17.8% higher than the global load, which is 2.4 pp higher.
In 2020, the company set up the Ferdi Battery, plans to promote the independent listing of the battery operations (now terminated), and has now included all the battery companies under the flag of the Fodie Battery. According to the Shigen Car, the company supplied batteries for one gas, Chang An, East Wind, North as early as 2022, with an approximate share.
5%. Currently, the products supplied with the Ferdi battery are mainly: a red flag and Bent, Chang An, North Gas, East Wind downstream demand, and battery supply at a faster pace, and the company’s production capacity will accelerate. At this stage of the company’s planning, 31 power cell production bases will be formed in the future, with a total planned production capacity of 782gwhh.
The site includes Chongqing plant (55gwh), unincorporated plant (52gwh), Xian plant (50gwh), Changchun plant (45gwh), Guangxiford plant (45gwh), Chengzhou plant (40gwh). Table 15: Company power cell production planning (gwh)
Nets, ofweek lithium grids, Arctic Star storage grids, exploration of storage grids, southwest securities consolidation 3.3 e-business: diversified development, enhanced collaboration among large clients.
Biadey's electronics are listed in the port, and the company holds 65.76% of Biadi's electronics. Biadi's electronics are diversified, covering a wide range of areas, including smartphones and laptops, new smart products, and automobile intelligence systems.
In 2024, the size of Biadi ' s electronic collection amounted to 17.731 billion yuan, an increase of 36.4 per cent over the same period, of which the income from spare parts was $356.6 million, an increase of 161.49 per cent over the same period, the revenue from assembly was $1055.8, an increase of 26.0 per cent over the same period, leading to consumer electronics operations.
The smartphone market has been growing at a low rate because of the decline in product rotation in recent years. At the same time, the industry has a high concentration of 25q2 cr5 to 68.0%, downstream has a stronger bargaining power, and companies, as the largest electronic power plant in the interior, have continued to deepen strategic cooperation with Andre and the big North American customers, steadily increasing their supply chain position.
Airfreight recovered from 6.2 per cent to 1238.8 million, and 2025h1 continued to recover from growth, falling by 27.9 per cent to 75.1 million on the same basis as 25h1 flatboard computers. Faced with the replacement of smartphones, flattops showed a larger decline, with global output falling by 19.0 per cent to 104.2 million on the same basis in 24 years, and 25h1 fell by 27.9 per cent on the same basis.
Overall, despite the overall weakness of the smartphone and tablet computer industries, the company is expected to benefit from the continued growth in North America’s large customer business, as well as from the increase in the capacity of Andre’s large client production line, with the overall business size growing steadily. At the same time, automobile smart system operations, benefiting from the growth of downstream demand, are expected to remain on the rise.
3.4 Half-conductor business: National Production & Automotive Intelligentism Inc. co-financed Bfeventures in 2004 and completed the introduction of Biadewa Electronics in 2020, successfully passed the conference in 2021 and is currently in a state of termination.
After two rounds of replenishment, the company held a share of 72.3% of the Biadi semiconductor. The national production needs of the Car Code semiconductor were raised. The Biadi Code semiconductor was centred on the Car Code semiconductor. The products concerned the four main areas of power semiconductors, smart controlic, intelligent sensors, photoelectric semiconductors.
In this context, the Biadi semiconductor doubled the size of the harvest in 2021. In 2021, the size increased by 1.2 to 3.13 billion yuan.
Business contributed the most, growing 1.9 times the size of the collection, 43.2%; intelligent control, smart sensors, photo-electric semiconductors also increased by 1.2, 0.8, 0.8 times, respectively. Biadi semiconductors are the leading manufacturers in several areas of breakdown of vehicle semiconductors. In power semiconductors, Biadi semiconductors.
It's the first enterprise in the country to achieve large-scale production of car regulation gbt, and it's a small number of auto regulation gbt autonomously controlled manufacturers. It has an idm model that ranges from chip design, crystal round manufacturing, to modular encapsulation, and tests the integration of the whole industry chain. The international water level is 8 and 12 inches, most companies in the country stay at 6 inches, while the Biadi semiconductor is a small minority in the country that achieves 8 inches.
In 2018, the igbt chip-volume company, which released a combined loss reduction of 20%, a 15% increase in current output power and a ten-fold increase in the life cycle of the industry, ranked first in 2023 in the area of new energy cars. In addition to the Biade Group, it has now become a new car, Wootung, Fukuda, etc.
Car regulation igbt has a very high technical, market, and financial barrier. Car regulation igbt is the central instrument of the powered motor system, where the technology level in the electric system determines the torque and maximum output power (with maximum speed) of the power-driven system, which is one of the core devices affecting the performance of the electric car. On the technical barrier, the igbt chip is set up.
The measurement parameters are optimized and the production chain is highly demanding for talent and equipment; in the case of market barriers, the certification cycle is usually at least two years when imported into the igbt, with a large number of tests leading to high replacement costs; in the case of financial barriers, the industry is capital-intensive, and an 8 inch annual igbt production line requires a $1 billion investment that can be delivered after delivery.
In the area of smart control, the mcu product has a strong technical advantage and has become a supplier to companies such as Biade, Mae, Grigley, Granthams. In the area of smart sensors, the cos image sensor has become three stars, tcl, voice control.
In the area of optical semiconductors, the Biadi semiconductor is a small number of semiconductor manufacturers in the country that achieve the required volume of pre-carrying lead light. In this area, products such as smart control ic, smart sensors, etc., are mainly based on the Fabless business model. Products cover the areas of automobiles, industry, home power, new energy and consumer electronics. (1) In the area of automobiles, companies produce.
igbt, sic, ipm, mcu, cos image sensors, led displays, etc., mainly for new energy vehicles, power-driven control systems, heat management systems, body control systems, battery management systems, vehicle-borne image systems, lighting systems, etc., are important systems. (2) In industry, electricity, new energy, consumer electronics, companies have successfully produced igbt, ipm, mcu, etc.
The Chinese Car Code semiconductor market reached $15.8 billion in size, a 10.5% increase in relative speed, the Chinese Car Code semiconductor market of $21.6 billion in 2025, and the annual compound increase in market size of 11% in 23-25 years.
Among them, the new energy car igbt area, the power and intelligence of downstream cars, will drive the value of the new energy car semiconductor to increase continuously. As China’s new energy vehicle sales boom, the share of the new energy car igbt market will continue.
The development of the Biadei semiconductor, as the leading company in the domestic car regulation area of gbt, with its leading technological advantage and its pre-eminence, will benefit fully from the industrial process of nationalization and the rising downstream growth. 4.1 battalion harvests have grown significantly, with net gains rebounding at the bottom.
The firm ' s net profit rate fell significantly and remained low, as a result of the fall in subsidies for new energy vehicles. The profits improved in 2020 with the company ' s high-end vehicle launch, but remained volatile by factors such as higher prices for raw materials and lack of core. In 2022, the company achieved a net return profit of 15.51 billion yuan, an increase of 13.8 per cent.
4.2 The diversification of Māori rates across operations has resulted in a positive impact on corporate Māori ratios as a whole. Among these, the high Māori rate in automobile operations has been around 20 per cent since 2015; Continued improvement in Māori rates in battery operations and a persistent decline in Māori rates in e-business have been major drags.
Material price hikes have slowed down significantly, and the Māori rate for the automobile and battery business has fallen further, with the overall Māori rate for 2022q1. The price of lithium carbonate, which was affected by oversupply in 2023, has fallen significantly, and the price of lithium carbonate for the national battery class has fallen to around $100,000/tonne by the end of the year, benefiting from the impact of falling prices of raw materials and scalming, and the company ' s profitability has been positive for 23 years.
The annual company roe was only 4.0 per cent; compared horizontally, the Great Wall, the Cheonan car, the upper group roe were 11.3 per cent in 2021, the company “Dynamite Network” and the distribution channels of the “Marine Network”, and the future company sales rates are expected to be lower, highlighting their advantages.
4.3 The accelerated distribution of the production capacity shows that the company has accelerated the completion of the distribution of the production capacity, which is expected to reach 2.776 million vehicles throughout the year.
Taking into account the average monthly sales, the market in September, the opening of a series of price reduction campaigns by Qinpus and the year-end hikes, the average monthly sales of some of the models have been adjusted upwards. The Dynasty Network is expected to achieve 2.776 million sales in 25 years, supported by the families of Qin and Song.
The annual sales of the network are expected to reach 1.58 million. The network has launched seal 06 (ev), sea lion 06 heavy-pound vehicles, taking into account such factors as the rapid increase in sales in two months and year-end hits, and we have adjusted the monthly average sales of parts of the network upwards, with the projected sales of ocean net 1358,000 vehicles in 25 years.
A high-end product will be sold 168,000 vehicles a year. In 2022, it was launched as a trend d9. The continued expansion of the product matrix, based on luxury appearances, year-to-year brands, has provided some incentive to boost sales. It is expected that, along with the growth of production capacity and the continued release of market demand, the momentum will contribute to an important increase, based on average monthly sales of vehicles, which is expected to reach 25 years of market sales.
Equation leopard products have achieved 169,000 sales throughout the year. Since their listing on 16 April this year, it has now accumulated over 38,000 vehicles (as of 31 August), the highest monthly sales of which have passed 12,000, and the maximum monthly sales have been made, and the price is on the market, and it is assumed that 1: split the model through the previous text. The expected sales of new energy vehicles in 25 years will reach 4.589 million.
In terms of unit prices: State-led industries with high quality development, the internal volume posture will be eased, and the company’s share of sales abroad will increase, and the price of the bicycle will rise upwards, so let’s assume that 2: In terms of cellular parts and assembly operations, Biadi Electronic (International) Ltd. completed its acquisition at the end of 23rd year.
A mobile electronic manufacturing operation by Jabilinc., one of the world’s largest electronic manufacturing services and solution providers, will increase the scale of mobile phone operations by expanding the Wiang Biadi electronic smartphone components. At the same time, companies are actively working to improve the layout of the ai-services and other high-growth tracks, and business plates, such as drones, smart homes, game hardware, etc., continue to develop robustly.
We've chosen the larger car-autonomous company, the Great Wall car, the pelican car, and the ideal car as comparable companies, with an average of 28 times the average per cent in 26 years. Considering that the company is the leader of the industry and is accelerating the expansion of the overseas market, for Table 18: Comparable company valuation.
The risks are not as high as expected. There is a risk that the company will not be able to upgrade its future product technology to meet consumer replacement needs, resulting in less than expected sales.
Upstream lithium mineral resources are important raw materials for company battery products, and if they are higher downstream, and do not exclude further price upswing risks, corporate profits will be squeezed. There is no reason, no reason, nor will there be any direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report.