The growth in overseas sales has begun to improve profitability, and Huang Jiaqi reiterates Biadi's “buy-in” rating: although Biadi's three-quarter car sales are slightly lower than their share.
On November 5th, 2025, it fell, but there was a significant increase in the one-way profit margin.
The company’s three-quarter downside control measures have also been effective. We expect that the company’s four-quarter bike surplus will continue to improve with the impact of scale. And next year’s company’s overseas car sales are expected to continue to grow at a higher rate, increasing the company’s profitability.
Three-quarter Māori and bicycle profit rings improved: in the third quarter of 2025, Biadi's income fell by 3%. Of this, foreign car sales grew by 146% over the same period, a sharp increase. Corporate gross profits and net profits amounted to $9.215 billion and $7.823 billion respectively, although they were equal.
Decline, but the ring growth is significant. Based on performance and outlook, we adjust Biadi's 2025 valuations: by branch plus, each of them will be awarded to Biadi's new energy vehicle, Biadi (002594.ch).
Electronic and other operations, such as machines, yielding market surpluses of 32.0x, 20.7x, and 10.0x, resulting in a port/a share Investment risk: demand for new energy vehicles, both domestic and overseas, is not growing as expected. Total market value of the industry (million yuan)
Cost declines are slower to drag the company’s Māori performance. Auto-driving landings are slower, or users experience increases that are not visible, or are influenced by policy regulations. Costs such as corporate R & D are growing faster.
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios: Port shares Pessimistic scenarios: corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected
EXCHANGE: Corporate revenue grew better than expected, domestic penetration of new energy vehicles increased further, domestic penetration of new energy vehicles slowed down and corporate car sales increased.
The rapid recovery in vehicle sales and shares: faster and slower recovery in share growth; higher than expected growth in demand for new energy vehicles overseas, driving Biadi revenues
(a) Unexpected growth in demand for the new energy automobile industry abroad;
Autopilots land at a slower pace, consumer perceptions and user experiences Automated drivers are well on the ground and are at the forefront of the industry, with no visible upgrades or being influenced by policy regulation, etc.
Prospective and pessimistic scenario: a share Pessimistic scenario: corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected
Promising scenario: Corporate revenue grew better than expected; domestic penetration of new energy vehicles slowed down; corporate car sales increased; domestic penetration of new energy vehicles increased further; companies increased their penetration rate in the domestic market.
The rapid recovery in vehicle sales and shares: faster and slower recovery in share growth; higher than expected growth in demand for new energy vehicles overseas, driving Biadi revenues
(a) Unexpected growth in demand for the new energy automobile industry abroad;
Autopilots are slow to land, consumer perceptions and user experiences are not rising significantly, or are influenced by policy regulation, etc. Companies are well on their way to the forefront of the industry.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]