The chemical industry has signed a cooperation agreement with the Kimkawa Group to expand the capacity of sponge titanium production in south-west securities research and development centres.
Incidents: The company and the Kanakawa Group signed the Framework Agreement on Cooperation in the titanium industry, by establishing a joint venture and investing in the industry associated with the titanium chain, building competitive and distinctive titanium industry bases in the western region and further improving the titanium industry layout.
• Building an industrial base for living state assets and accelerating the restructuring and consolidation of the titanium industry. The Kimikawa Group, a large state-owned company in Gansu Province, is a cooperative group that finances 30% of all assets (including land) at titanium plants that are closely related to titanium production, and 70% in cash.
The company plans to invest in the full restoration of the production of the existing sponge titanium plant and the implementation of the follow-up industry in stages.
This framework agreement will enable companies to further improve the titanium industry and further enhance their core competitiveness and profitability.
Ten thousand yuan per ton rises to $81,000 per ton, mainly due to the increase in the price of titanium concentrate and the tight supply of titanium fine tetrachloride. According to industry associations, 107,000 tons per year of titanium production were produced in 2018, 75,000 tons were produced, Xinjiang 20,000 tons per year were installed in 2019, Yunnan 10,000 tons per year, and Xinhua Xinhua was raised in 2019.
5,000 tonnes/year, 3500 tonnes/year of compliance with titanium, etc., which is expected to produce 86,000 tonnes/year, with still excess capacity, the high-end titanium still needs to be imported, with a total of 6350 tonnes of titanium imported in January-October 2019, an increase of 64.1% compared to the same period.
With the expansion plan, the Kimkawa Group Sponge titanium device is expected to resume production in 2020, and the company is expected to become the largest sponge titanium producer in the country in the future.
Both production lines have been stabilized in phase two, and Yunnan's 60,000 tonnes/year chlorinated titanium powder production line is being deconstructed. The company is working to build a low-cost, process-wide, titanium chlorination industry chain, constantly pushing the company titanium concentrates - titanium chloride slags - titanium chloride - titanium titanium chloride - titanium titanium, titanium alloy allied entire industry chain to optimize, maintain
Continue to enhance the profitability and core competitiveness of companies and promote their sustainable development.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.