It's a good performance, and the chlorination method is steady.
The company published its annual report in 2019, during which it earned $11,422 million, the same year + 8.2 per cent, a company dedicated to the development of titanium and fine powder materials. The sale of movable property in the second phase of chlorination increased steadily. In 2019, the company produced 6.0 million tons of titanium powder.
The group now sells 625,000 tonnes, the same year + 6.8%, of which the chlorinated titanium powder is sold at 6.75 million tonnes, the same year + 13.3%;
Xiangyang, Yunnan Xinjiang and other production bases, leading titanium, 3,518,000 tons of iron concentrate, + 6.37 per cent of the year, +853.1 million of the year, +6.12 per cent of the year.
The launch and steady release of the second phase of the chlorination project was the main reason for the company’s performance growth in 2019. Asia-Pacific, Latin America, North America, Europe, the Middle East, and acquisitions of mergers and acquisitions, both wings developed.
Sponge titanium and titanium powder are successfully by-products in more than 100 countries and regions, forming an integrated, low-cost co-production system. November 2019.
This market advantage is expected to expand the development of co-symbiotic mines in Australia, to expand to the downstream area of new and emerging products, and to integrate the domestic industry.
In the context of the high barriers to sulphuric acid and chlorination, where the country's process routes for titanium powder are changing, the overall industrial barrier rises in the medium- and long-term in the future, and the leading share of mature chlorination technology can be expected to accelerate. Companies are the only ones in the country that can do so.
The chlorination industry, which has also achieved full process, large-scale and stable production, is expected to continue in the next few years at the focal, new 52-week inter-equity price ($) and branch-up bases.
The debate on the impact of the epidemic on the industry. Two rounds of domestic price increases and one round of overseas price increases this January-March show strong industry fundamentals, but the outbreak of the overseas epidemic disrupted the expected replenishment of the stock.
There is uncertainty about the impact of the overseas epidemic on external demand during the year. But even if the overseas epidemic has a greater impact on demand, the demand and prices of the industry are high, but due to the domestic epidemic,
With effective control, continued normal company production (compromise titanium slag, and a single installation of a foreign titanium powder dragon), companies face short-term performance pressure, but their share will accelerate, and we believe that once the market returns to its full benefits, more attention should be paid to the medium- and long-term development of the company.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the dragon python pelican (002601:) performance meets expectations, the chlorination method is steadily spreading, and the source of financial prosperity in the East is growing.
Report: Cost is a global leader, Large chlorination is a national failure. One quarter is a record high, and the second half is worth it.
The new gas industry as a result of the market-based reforms is the basic chemical industry: the short-term supply of and demand for phosphorus is strikingly contradictory.
Long-term move towards healthy and orderly development
Break-through series II: Photo-Technology High barriers, high national production rates for low end products, high end decomposing to achieve full national production
One of a series of feature reports: Electronic Features - City Space, Industry Growth, Some Assets, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Epidemic.
East Hing Securities Company reports that Long Python Accelerates (002601: performance meets expectations, and the chlorination method is steadily released in 4-D.
cfa, three years of experience in the chemical industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.