On 9 January, in Yunnan Kunming, the company organized the new titanium industry of the Lone Python Group.
After the announcement on May 14th, 2019 that the company was about to acquire the ownership of the city, the firm began a intensive and orderly process of reproducing for less than eight months.
The titanium industry is officially fully reproducing, including 80,000 tonnes/year high titanium slag production line, 100,000 tonnes/year chlorinated titanium powder production line, 10,000 tonnes/year sponge titanium production line, which could be significantly increased by 2020, following up on the expansion plan and building a strong new base.
Projects such as 160,000 tonnes/year of titanium slag, 200,000 tonnes/year of chlorinated titanium and 30,000 tonnes/year of sponge (million shares) titanium will start.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) resulting in 300,000 tonnes/year titanium chlorinated, 300,000 tonnes/year titanium chlorinated and 50,000 tonnes/year max/minimum
The scale of the production of sponge titanium, by which time the new titanium industry will become the world ' s largest production base for sponge titanium, the country ' s most important chloride titanium powder production base, and Yunnan Chu will be one of the largest and highest-level industrial chain bases in China.
In 2019, the company made a big leap forward.
In May, the new titanium industry was acquired, and the tension was brought back to full production, and in November, the Oriental industry was bought to expand not only the chain, but also the supply of titanium raw materials.
The Group signed the Framework Agreement on Cooperation in the titanium industry, which will form a joint venture to build a partnership.
Building a competitive and distinctive titanium industry base in the western part of the country and accelerating the restructuring of the titanium industry The leading role of the industry in stabilizing the market is highlighted - 2019/08/02 and integration. In addition to the traditional titanium industry, companies use the advantages of the titanium whole chain to expand rapidly.
Python python python (002601), python, pylons, pylons, titanium titanium and titanium alloys, as well as the growth of the industry, gradually forming.
The “symbiotic, two-wing development” pattern. The powder industry is growing up. -2019/06/26. Considering the firm’s stronger titanium powder tap, the localization of chlorinated raw materials is progressing well.
(b) Profit projections and financial indicators: Table: Profit projections and financial indicators
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report