Newtime security
The year-round performance was in line with expectations, with chloride titanium powder released in 2019, the year 2019, the company ' s bulletin, which achieved operating income of $11,359 million, an increase of 8.79 per cent over the year,
The company sold 557.8 million tons of titanium sulphate in 2019, an increase of 6.06% from the same year.
The company ' s titanium business revenue was almost equal (-0.17 per cent) and the Māori rate fell by 0.59 percentage points.The company ' s mineral business included iron ore and titanium ore, and in 2019 the company actively routed iron ore sales channels, and the volume of the product increased by 92.62 per cent, while the Māori industry ' s revenue increased by 11.38 percentage points.
In 2019, the company completed the acquisition of the new titanium industry and achieved the full recovery of the new titanium industry, forming the sea at its lowest/highest level in a year:
Ten thousand tons of titanium production, 80,000 tons of high titanium slag production, 60,000 tons of titanium chloride white production, which is profitable throughout the year, through the Orientian industry, on the one hand, will facilitate the consolidation of the company’s original operations and, on the other hand, will help the public to buy and sell overseas high-quality titanium resources.
● The amount of titanium powder used for chlorination has developed scope in terms of volume, price, cost, etc. The 200,000-tonne titanium chloride project has been completed, the product has been successfully entered into the international supply chain of enterprises such as ppg, while the new 60,000-tonne capacity will be released gradually, and the volume of titanium dust used for chlorination will be released in the near future.
It has also actively promoted the conversion of 500,000 tons of titanium ore uplifting projects and the centrifugation of 200,000 tons of synthetic gold rubles, which will bring about the national production of the chlorinated titanium powder raw materials and create a huge cost advantage for the company’s titanium powder. In addition to the original paint field, the company has developed a special titanium for color particles in the future.
Downstream high-end markets open up, increasing value added for corporate products. • Profit predictions and investment ratings are nine, seven, six times higher, respectively. Companies, as one of the global oligarchs in the industry, we believe.
The valuation levels can be drawn from the Mandarin chemistry (global mdi oligopoly), the new and the new (global vitamin oligopoly), the former company of the rising world titanium giant 2020-03-03, which is relatively undervalued and maintains a “strongly recommended” rating.
Three-quarter performance forecast, watch for titanium powder.