Material materials, titanium powder up prices, company values low, maintenance of the “buy-in” event: In recent days, the international titanium powder giant, Venator, announced its titanium powder product for global purposes.
Europe, the Middle East, and Africa will increase their prices by Euro100 per ton or $120 per ton from 1 April.
We believe that the price of titanium is rising, mainly because (1) titanium mine rises and costs boost. Imports of titanium mines are affected by supply constraints and current logistical difficulties, and prices are kept high, with Kenya titanium $225/tonne, Mozambique titanium
Mines 260 US$/tonne. The domestic market remained strained despite the resumption of the titanium-trigger mines, with prices re-swinging, with price increases ranging from US$ 100/t to US$ 1,500/t (excluding taxes) for 47.20 titanium mines and US$ 1600-1650/t (excluding taxes) for 46.10 titanium mines. (2) downstream
Material stocks are strained and titanium prices are expected to remain high. (3) While downstream domestic demand is affected by the total market value/flow (millions of yuan) epidemic, the resumption of work has been delayed, but is gradually recovering and foreign demand has not been affected.
Domestic and foreign downstream demand has improved steadily. In 2019, there was a year-on-year increase in the number of new homes in the country.
Barley reported a mid-2019 review: steady and high stress, but in recent years real estate investment has continued to show resilience, especially in the current macroeconomic period, with a period of growth in capacity and performance.
At the same time, titanium powder exports are stable - 2019/08/20 Dragon pelican (002601)
Corporate production was less affected by the epidemic and contributed to the major new production capacity in 2020, leading bye.
Prominent Market Stabilisation - 2019/08/02 to manage a concentrated outbreak, which has now been blocked and isolated.
Production is less affected by the epidemic, mainly in the form of raw materials and product gas logistics.
Ten thousand tonnes/year chlorinated titanium powder will also be reproducing in the near future and, with the company ' s years of technical research and experience in chlorination, production and recovery will be more definitive and will contribute to the country ' s major new production capacity in 2020 and enable companies to grow steadily.
Overlaying of additional production capacity and maintaining a “buy-in” rating. titanium powders increase prices, companies value low, and profit projections and financial indicators maintain “buy-in”:
Table: Profit projections and financial indicators
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.