Profit margins improved, channel development continued to advance the Golden Dragonfish (30099.sz) incident evaluation report, 2023 annual report issued by Golden Dragonfish on 22 March 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn with a slight pressure on performance and a marginal improvement in profitability, the impact of the fall outweighs the revenue from the increase in sales and returns to the net profit of the mother.
The net return to the mother is $719 million (up by 9%), the marginal increase in profitability is reduced by the impact of the derivative financial instruments required by accounting and the gains and losses on the structural deposits.
The main reason for this is the increase in port operations.  The fall in the price of the main product and the steady decline in the pipeline have led to a cumulative increase of $14,764.7 billion, or 6 per cent, in kitchen food throughout the year, mainly in market demand.
Flour performance decreased on a year-to-year basis as a result of weak and competitive competition; volume of sales pressure, profit elastic release period, 2024-2321.8 million tons (+8 per cent), mainly from corporate catering and food industry channels
As the market recovers, sales have increased considerably; the corresponding tonnage is 2, Golden Dragonfish (300999): performance ring prices have declined for major raw materials such as oil and palm oil.
Company channels and people are continuing to sink, and as the number of distributors is growing steadily, empty markets are developing. At present, companies are expanding their product lines to such areas as spices/ yeast/vessel meat and central kitchens, relying on the whole strip.
The competitive edge of the industrial chain, with companies becoming more competitive in the expansion of other new food products, is expected to remain market leaders in the medium to long term. As kitchen food leaders, companies exploit supply chain advantages to develop new blue sea kitchens.
Observe that the downside of the company channels provides a space for growth on a scale, along with periods of cost of raw materials, fluctuations in downstream demand, fluctuations in prices of raw materials, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Xiao Yanan: Graduated from Hunan University in Finance in June 2023, joined the Chinese Securities Study. Xiaozhou: Chinese University of Hong Kong, cfa, 3 years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.