The main reason for the decline in performance was that the impact of falling product prices outweighed the revenue contribution of the increase in sales;
The change in net non-repatriate profits is mainly due to the impact of derivative financial instruments and structured deposit gains and losses that do not fully meet hedging accounting requirements. 23 years of company combined Māori ratio of 4.83 per cent, corresponding to -0.84 pt; period cost. Kitchen food sales increased by 8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a small decline in Māori sales. 23 years of company kitchen food sales
23,218,000 tons, +8.23 per cent per annum; 6359 ton per unit, +13.18 per cent per annum; Māori rate, Māori ratio, increase in product Māori ratio and profit ratio per annum. (2) Catering and food industry: significant increase in sales over 23 years.
As a whole, companies consume pre-existing high-priced wheat stocks; end-use demand is weak; the industry ' s wheat-processing production is relatively deep at 300; it can increase the accumulation and concentration, making the industry competitive.
By focusing on high-end, branding, local identity strategies and the long-term trend towards higher consumption, we expect that the kitchen food business will grow in the future. In addition, the company continues to promote the Ao chef eco-industry chain, which is still in the early stages of the operation, and is expected to grow in the future as capacity utilization increases.
Forage feedstocks and fats have increased profitably, and downstream demand is expected to improve. For 23 years, the company's feed feedstocks and fats were sold 26,874,000 tons, i.e. 13.77 per cent of the year; the unit price was $3805 per ton, i.e. 8.86 per cent of the year; the Māori rate was 2.19 per cent, i.e. 1.62 ptt.
On the demand side, based on the growth of piglets and fat pigs, we believe that the average annual price of a pig for 24 years is or will be higher, of which 24h2 pigs are overall or better than h1.
Galactic Farm Xie Chi Yu's evaluation report _ Golden Dragonfish (300999.sz): The expected improvement is expected to support soybean consumption and prices, good company feed raw materials and fats for a small drop in the 23h1 battalion and short-term pressure on profitability
Further enhancement of the profitability of science and technology operations. Investment proposals: good corporate brand matrix, comprehensive network of channels, rich product lines, rigorous quality control, overlapping attention to and implementation of changes in consumer demand, such as consumer upgrading, branding, customization, high-end company output.
We expect that the company will be committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.