On 21 February 2024, Golden Dragonfish issued a performance forecast for 2023.
The net profit is 2,848 million yuan, equivalent to less than 5 per cent, mainly the loss and loss of derivative financial instruments and structural deposits that fully meet hedging accounting requirements.
In the kitchen, retail outlets benefit from the cost of food.
The decline, the increase in profits, the increase in sales of products from the catering and food industries, and the demand-delaying of flour have led to a decline in overall profits. As companies move forward with the development/optimization of the product structure of high-end chemicals, the accumulation of high stocks of wheat raw materials has been eliminated
In the case of feed and fat technology, it benefits from the price of soybean products that have been produced since the country’s tight supply of soybeans has recovered, and the company’s squeezing profits have continued to rise.
1 Golden Dragonfish (30099999): Performance ring comparison.
The food basket is integrated up and down, expanding the integrated competitiveness of businesses and brands. 2, Golden Dragonfish (300999): Performance phase. Companies actively pursue diversification as kitchen food taps and watch for follow-on production.
Performance growth has been significant, with year-round profit elasticity and the release of performance elasticity associated with the development of the cook business.
▪ The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the Qin securities, the New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of research in the food and beverage industry at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.