Medical Bioindustry: Changchun Xin (000661) Improved governance structure is expected to double Davies' share price
Protein hormones for the normal distribution of humans are the most effective and safe drugs for the treatment of dwarf diseases (below the two standard deviations in the average height of the population). Currently, there are nearly 5 million children in the short figure of 4-15 years of age who need treatment, while there are about 400,000 patients per year and only 100,000 in 2018 who actually receive treatment.
The company spent nearly $400 million on research and development in 2018, and the product ladder was rich: 1) ovulation: once new adaptives were approved, it was expected to become a 1 billion grade heavy weight product; 2) flu vaccine was produced with a single nose spray, which was expected to be approved in 2019; 3) other products under study: Golden Tosche single anti-injection fluids: clinical phase 1 continued; long-acting microscopes: Qupri
One phase of Lin+Otrillone Clinic is continuing; herpes vaccine: two phases of clinical advancement; 13- and 20-price combination vaccine: under improved governance structures of oral companies, stock prices are either double-clicking on Davis. Recapitulation of historical stock prices, driven by regular reporting performance or over-expecting, with major fluctuations in the market from 2017 to 2018, mainly related to concerns about the company’s governance structure and concerns about the Kimsai pharmaceutical industry.
According to the reorganization plan, we believe that there are two bright spots: 1) the gold and forest temples will hold publicly listed company shares, as well as tradable debts, which will be formally tied to listed firm deep shares and bonds, with a marked improvement in governance structures, and, once fully combined, the real estate share will be reduced to less than 10%, and the company will be valued or repaired positively. 2) The gold market shares will be formally and positively restored.
The pharmaceutical industry’s performance growth is linked to the insulin industry, where future net corporate profitability may be rising, i.e., with high income growth, performance will also be high, i.e., the company’s share price will be double-clicked on Davis. 14.72 dollars, the net return profit over the next three years will be maintained at a composite rate of 35%.
Prices or double-click Davis to maintain a “buy-in” rating. Risks; risk of major asset restructuring failures due to unpredictable factors.
ii. Kimsai pharmaceutical industry (growth hormones and recombinant ovarians) III, 100 g organisms (water pox and rabies vaccine) IV. Chinese medicine and real estate
The company actually controls the NAC in Changchun City, holding 22.36% of the shares.
The profits of the company are mainly derived from biopharmaceuticals and real estate, which contribute 88 per cent and 7 per cent, respectively, to the net return on the mother, which together accounts for about 95 per cent of the total, 79 per cent from the gold-challenged medicine industry and 9 per cent from the 100-gram biology industry.
Reorganization of the minority shares of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, with the imminent removal of the stock price suppression factor: the announcement of the company on 7 March to purchase 30 per cent of the shares of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry through the issuance of shares and transferable debt to the Golden and Temple Sea.
The company’s governance structure worries, the soul of the gold-spiriting industry fears that it will leave the company. We believe that once the stock exchange is completed, the core management will be tied to the listed company’s deep equity, the governance structure will be improved, the valuation repression will be removed, and the share price will be expected to double Davis: 1) valuation: and the high-growth biopharmaceutical performance contribution will account for nearly 95% of the company’s net return to the parent; 2) industry
Performance: Core management interests are aligned with the shareholders of listed companies, and revenue and profits increase or are expected to exceed expectations. I. Corporate profile and performance composition. II. Golden match medicine (growth hormones and reorganisation of ovarians)
III. 100-gram organisms (water pox and rabies vaccine) IV. Chinese medicine and real estate V. Profit predictions and investment proposals
Golden Race Pharmaceuticals: Top Growth Elders + High Growth of ovarian Provers □ Equity Structure: 70% + 24% gold + 6% forest basin. First district gh-water needles are listed, first global gh-effects in 2014; 2) up to 2013
(d) Annual income and profit growth in the gold-track pharmaceutical industry, starting in the second half of 2016
▪ Income (millions of yuan)  net profit (billions)  net profit (youy)  net profit (yoy) growth hormone characteristic I: short as a statistical concept, no shortage of patients
In the growth and development process, children are affected by a variety of factors that slow or stagnate their growth rate, deviate from normal growth curves and eventually lead to smaller sizes or smaller sizes.
clinically: 2 standard deviations (-2sd) in similar living conditions, of the same race, gender, age, height below the average height of the normal population, or
(a) 1.4 billion in 2018, calculated as a proportion of the shortest population of 3 per cent: the country's population currently stands at about 40 million;
Based on grass-roots research, it has been estimated that about 400,000 patients are currently admitted each year (40/500 = 8 per cent) and that in 2018 only about 100,000 people were actually treated (10/40 = 25 per cent), i.e., less than 2 per cent penetration.
Growth hormones: The key hormones for human growth play an important role in the growth and development of bones, muscles, and glands. Group growth hormones, the most important means of treating dwarfism in the last 20 years, are now widely recognized as the most effective drug for treating dwarfism.
The incidence of dwarfism is 51.8 per cent, and the incidence of chromosome disease is 41.9 per cent, and other causes of chromosome disease are 6.3 per cent.
The causes of the disease are proportional, southwest securities, growth hormone characteristic III: the field of application is wide, the potential market is huge, reorganizer growth hormones were approved by fda in 1985, safe for more than 30 years, and there are 11 approved adaptive conditions;
Domestic growth hormones are expanding adaptive conditions, and five individuals have been admitted for abstinence, still far from abroad; ghd (10%), siss (30%), early sexual contact (30%), sga (10%) and taner (10%) are common adaptive conditions in the country.
New adaptations to growing hormones in the country 1985: growth hormone deficiency in children (ghd) 1993: chronic kidney insufficiency before kidney transplants
1996: hev infection-relevance syndrome 1996: turner syndrome short figure 1997: adult ghd substitution therapy
2000: Prader-willi syndrome 2001: younger than child (sga) 2003: special short body (iss)
2003: Short-intestinal syndrome 2006: shox genes missing but not accompanied by ghd growth hormone characteristic IV: management of slow-disease class and not subject to health insurance fees
(c) Heavy weight of oral paediatric products, free of health insurance costs: short-term health care adaptive disorders for children with primary growth hormone deficiencies, actual diagnosis
It is more difficult to identify patients with hyper-adaptive disorders than to reimburse them for their health-care adaptive conditions. In addition, the model is for hospital diagnostics plus out-of-hospital medications, 85% of growth hormones are self-paid, 70% from out-of-hospital sales, and health-care dependency is low.
The patient count and the new grouping, the medication management, the doctor's prescription.
Off-the-hospital drug collection, bypassing hospital medicine, first drug in paediatric sales, simplified bidding restrictions on medicines.
It explains that the top five clients of the Kinsey pharmaceutical industry are not large tri-a-hospitals, and that the international growth hormone market: 30 years of safe use, stable patterns, international markets: $3 billion in volume, steady growth and, if considered elsewhere, projected $5 billion in volume.
More than 95% of the market share is now held by five companies, Pfizer, Nord and Nord, Merk, Rhodes, and Rey. No and Nord’s share of the market under new syringe protection has risen year by year, and has been the largest global sales of growth hormones for six consecutive years.
The agent type is based on water, and the long-acting type is more than three stages of clinical intervention. American Profile: Jama Journal, 30% of growth hormones in the United States are used for hyperadaptive disorders, approximately 25 to 300,000 people per year, about 75% are over 20 years old (the main purpose is to combat aging and increase muscles) and 45% are 40 to 60 years old; that is, 6 to 8 million children, and the Chinese population is about 4 per cent of the United States population.
Given commercial insurance restrictions + adult use expansion, there is still room for further upscaling in the country. Global sales of growth hormones, 2007-2016 ($ billion)
The domestic growth hormone market: a continuous upgrading of the agent type, a global leader in technology The domestic market: a three-generation agent-type coexistence, from a needle to a water needle, from a water needle to a long-term effect A generation of needles: once a day, outside of a gold match, the main product of a competitor
## Second generation water needles: Once a day, when Kinsey was the exclusive, Nord and Nord was approved in 17 years, Anke's third (reported production stage) Technical advantage: Aquatic needle bioactivity is high and the dose is more accurate (growth hormones determine the dose by weight) □ three generation long effects: once a week, dependent, gold racing pharmaceutical industry has a unique potential of heavy weight, which will be the largest in the future.
Price comparison: Pinker: Water needle: Long-acting 1:2:4 Comparison of domestic growth hormone-types Domestic growth hormone market: single company, industry promoter
The country's high growth rate in recent years: the number of patients treated as a result of continuing medical education has increased (doctors from dozens to 1,000, drug users) The size of the domestic growth hormone market in 2018 was about 4.2 billion yuan (Kinse pharmaceutical industry from $3 billion to $600 million and other $600 million).
Business patterns: The country has produced long hormone replacements, the market share of the sample hospital gold-supplier medicine industry is as high as 69%, Ankell 13%, Union Sal 12.5%, and other businesses are not more than 2%. Anco biowater needles (expected to be approved for 2019q2) and long-acting (mid-period i) agent-type patterns: sample hospitals have 1% long-acting effects, short-acting (water needles + needles) total 99%, and we estimate a long-acting effect of 350 million yuan (about 350 million yuan)
Sample hospital growth hormone size and speed increase sample hospital ght-type pattern 2018 (millions of yuan) Domestic ght: comparable to large anti-cancer drugs, 14 billion grade heavy weight products
Medicines space = annual per capita amount of drug used x number of patients x penetration rate □ annual amount of drug used: from powder to water needles, from short to long-lasting effects, equivalent to vaccine upgrades; annual cost comparable to the cost of a tumor drug, which at this stage stands at 30-40 thousand (average of needles) and is expected to reach about 7-80 thousand (average of long-lasting water needles).
(b) □ number of potential patients: the total number of patients suffering from all adaptive disorders is approximately 5 million, with an annual increase of 400,000; according to the latest national cancer statistics published by the National Cancer Centre of China, there are currently about 4 million new cases of cancer in China, with the largest number of lung cancers.
(a) Lung cancer can be further broken down into multiple sub-types; □ inter-species competition: the treatment of small and no new targets can break through, mainly through innovation in formulations and delivery methods, while anti-cancer medicines often have new targets □ the number of patients attending clinics: 5 million x 10 per cent attendance rate x 40 per cent treatment rate = 200,000 (4 per cent overall penetration rate, actual or overpredictable)
□ The Golden Race Prophylactic Industry Outlook: Reassemble ovarian: Auxiliary reproductive heavy-pound products, pending approval of hyperoval adaptation □ Auxiliary reproductive medicines - ovarians: Auxiliary reproductive drug flow to detoxin - ovarians/urin-velvet
In terms of the amount of medication used, ovarians are the most important assisted reproductive medicine, accounting for around $3 billion in 2018. The demand for assisted reproduction continues to grow with the postponement of oral and reproductive years: in the current situation of marriage, the elderly are pregnant.
The group ratio is rising from year to year, while the infertility rate among older mothers is significantly higher than among those under 35 years of age, from which the choice of assisted reproduction has increased significantly, leading to a rapid increase in assisted reproduction-related drugs. Reorganization of ovarians: assisted reproductive heavy-pound products awaiting approval for hyperoval adaptation
Adaptation: 1; abnormal ovulation; 2; ultra-eggling (supplementary reproduction); treatment programme: hypodermic injection, 1 per day, 150 - 225 u per day; treatment period to hcg, expected to be around 3 billion yuan after; recombinant human ovulation, mainly imported, with assisted reproductive adaptive conditions in the gold racing pharmaceutical industry (projected)
When approved in 2020, or replaced by accelerated imports, it is conservatively estimated to be 1 billion grade heavy pounds of products sampled hospital-promoting ovarian patterns, profile and pattern of the domestic market for ovarians in the first three quarters of 2018.
The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals Industry - Researching Products: The Golden Dows and the Golden Dows and Gold Dows and Gold Dows and Kings dows and Kims dows and Quos and Queens and Queens. The target is vegfr2, a remos and Quos new me-too.
Remo is a global market for anti-cancer vascular-generation drugs of more than $10 billion. Remo is the world’s first global target, cyramza, developed by courtesy, to vegfr2, which was approved in the United States in 2014.
Kimsai is the country’s first approved clinical and clinical stage 1 Remo mono-anti-anti-commodity resistance. Kinna mono-opinion: 2018-11-22 declared clinically, adaptive to tremor arthritis, with an unknown target.
Relai's domestic declaration is in phase three, and Kinsey's clinical progress is the fastest. Kim's pharmaceutical industry is working on products: microball product lines.
The market space: 500 million yuan in the country.
Adaptive: for prostate cancer and early sexual contact Market patterns: import exclusive Market patterns: import exclusive
Data on sales of microball products in the country for the last three years.
V. Profit predictions and investment proposals 100-gram organisms: changes in the pattern of vaccines or returns for water pox and rabies
□ Equity structure: 46.15 per cent of listed companies, 30.77 per cent of core personnel, 30.77 per cent of core personnel, and 23.08 per cent of other (bones) main battalion operations: the new vaccine platform at Changchun High, with the main products available including the rabies vaccine plus the rabies vaccine water pin type; □ products under study: Nosin flu vaccine, rabies vaccine freezing dry agent type, herpes tape vaccine, 13-priced pneumonia vaccine;
□ Performance review: The high growth in income and performance in 2017 was mainly due to price increases in single-vote and industrial products following the 2016 Shandong vaccine incident, and significant increases in profitability: an increase in the share of water pox in 2018 and a gradual recovery of rabies vaccine; □ income structure: 87 per cent of pox revenue and 13 per cent of rabies vaccine revenue in the third quarter of 2018.
100-gram biogenic income and profit growth 100-gram biopox vaccine: 2st type of seedling with the highest rate of vaccination, company share 1-poox vaccine: prevention of acute infectious diseases caused by the first infection of the aquatic pox herpe virus
(a) Inoculation procedures: children over one year of age, one needle to two needles; vaccination coverage is appropriate for the entire year;
(a) Pattern: approval by seven enterprises in the country;
(b) Inoculation procedures: 5 needles (2+1+1+1) Act, 4 needles (2+1+1, big organisms);
Industry: In recent years, the total issuance of rabies vaccine has been maintained at between 13 and 18 million doses, with an average of 14.4 million copies issued each year for nearly eight years, with a market size of around $4 billion; it is dominated by vero cells, leading the industry; it is a pattern: more than 10 domestic enterprises, with the most profitable type 2 seedlings before 2017;
Batch of rabies issued by business rabies over the years 100 grams of rabies - in research: herpes with nasal inflammation
In 2006, Merk's herpe detoxification vaccine was marketed in the United States, with sales reaching $680 million in 2017. Progress: 100 grams of herpe detoxification live vaccine began clinical ii trials in the first half of 2016, ranking second (long) in clinical progress.
(a) The bio-tape herpe vaccine is clinically iii) The nasal influenza vaccine: Rationale: use of nasal spray, reduction in the number of injections, ease of acceptance by children and improved inoculation.
Foreign: The highest sales of flumist products of the same type in Aslikon reached $300 million. Progress: production declared in May 2018 and expected to be approved in 2019 as the country ' s first influenza vaccine to be administered by nasal spray, 100 grams of biovaccine vaccine under development
I. Corporate profile and composition of performance II. Golden match medicine (growth hormones and recombinant ovarians) III. 100 g organisms (aquatic pox and rabies vaccine)
China Medicines and Real Estates V. Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations
The main business of the camp is: hysterectomy, coronary, silver flu, etc. The mouth is studying products: pseudo-coupled soap injection fluids (2 issues), ocean cucumber coronary chips (3 issues) etc. High and new real estate: projected steady growth
□ Real estate operations: a specialized real estate development enterprise, based on the new technology industrial development zone in Changchun, is currently focused on the development of high-end real estate and the upgrading of real estate. In terms of project reserves and development progress, it is expected to contribute annually □ project reserves: four high-rise real estate projects, one in an excellent position and two in a school district.
Houses, a cbd complex in the middle of the city, four project floors worth 10 billion dollars, developed over 10 years, real estate, annual income and profit growth in high and new properties.
III. 100-gram organisms (water pox and rabies vaccine) IV. Chinese medicine and real estate V. Profit predictions and investment proposals
Long-acting growth hormone activity, 3 billion grade (300,000, at a replacement rate of only 15 per cent) □ growth hormone adaptive expansion from low to more adaptive conditions □ 1 billion grade heavy weight products after approval of new adaptive conditions
□ Vaccination of pox: the vaccination process has been extended from 1 to 2 needles, and the industry has continued to grow rabies: benefits from the permanent retirement of the market and the extension of the dryer model, phase 3 of the water needle-type clinical phase, expected 19-20 years of exclusive nose spray production for influenza vaccine, expected 2019
□ Kintosha single anti-septic fluid: clinical phase 1 continues, long-acting microball: traprilin + octopus clinical phase 1 continues, spinal herpe vaccine: clinical phase 2 continues.
The 13- and 20-price combination of pneumonia vaccine: $10.92 and $14.72 are in the pre-clinical research phase (Shanghai Zeus), and the net profit from motherhood over the next three years will maintain a 35-per-cent compound growth rate. We believe that with improved corporate governance, the company’s share price will either double-click Davis and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The industry risk of the sand event; the risk of failure of major asset restructuring due to unpredictable factors. Performance over the next three years is simple: we assume that major subsidiaries will be able to maintain historical average valuations, assuming that companies will grow only on performance, and that there will be more room for growth in future market values.
The Southwest Securities Corporation Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
There is no conflict of interest between the company and the author, to the extent that they know it, and the securities evaluated or recommended in this report, requiring disclosure or the adoption of restrictive or silent measures.