\triangleright \triangleright Market demand continues to fall short of expectations, stock degeneration pressure from supply chain firms continues to rise, and product price competition increases.
The net realizable value of some of the products is expected to be further reduced, and the company has taken a cautious approach, taking stock down prices together and preparing $1.359 billion. In order to absorb high stock levels as quickly as possible, the company has been actively adjusting its product marketing strategy, cautiously consuming electronics, increasing market reversals such as auto medicine. In 2022, using smartphones, calculations, etc.
The consumer electronics market, represented by the company, has been hit more strongly, and corporate smartphones and contacts show that Li Xiaoqing has been affected more, with smartphones earning $5.397 billion (Yoy-44.4 per cent), showing income from contacts.
However, in the area of automobiles, companies have benefited from the growth in the sale of new energy vehicles and from an advanced and compact car cis solution, which has generated revenues of $3.633 billion (Yoy+56.55 per cent); micro-inventive treatment has led to a rapid increase in the demand for endoscopics, and company medical image sensors have generated revenues of $777 million.
Consumer electronic business short-term pressure, auto semiconductor starship - 2022/08/15 \triangleright
Operations such as system, decoupling of radio frequency and communication chips, focusing on "Imaging Sensor Solutions + Touch and Display: 2-year Quarterly Review: Continuously Optimized Product Structure, Platform-based Solutions + Simulation Solutions" three semiconductor design operations, and steady and increased R & D investment on a continuous basis.
Semiconductor taps - 2022/05/05 is a steady advance in the development of new products in three major business areas. 1) Image sensor solutions: ov50h based on the purecelplus-schips stacking technology and h/vqpd auto-focalization technology was introduced in 22 years in the field of mobile phone collars
and ov50e (1.5 inches, 1.0 μm); introduction of upgraded versions of 3 million pixels in the automotive sector 4.Ull shares (603501.sh) depth reports: car half os03b10/ox03d4c and 5 million pixel rgb-ir global fast-door sensor ox05b1s. 2) tentacles
The carrier ' s starship sea -- 2022/01/28 Control and display solution: launch of upgraded tddi solution td 4377, completion of product in tddi field 5.
Full coverage, extension of drive chip fields to oled, acquisition of a Swisp roll-out of a ted chip, expansion of the profile: one season with a record high Māori rate and significant profitability presentation of solution product layout; 3) simulation solution: roll-out of car code pmic product popx1210; and
L - 2021/10/30 Sequently boosted power management chips, interface chips, mcu, medium-high pressure moss, etc. Car regulation layout. 51/32/24 times the current price, respectively, we continue to follow the path of the development of the company ' s platform semiconductor.
In the area of semiconductors, the “recommended” rating is maintained. \triangleright studies methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.