The medical business is moving fast and continues to enjoy the long term.
Lee Ping-hoon realized a net profit of 469 million yuan from non-return to the mother, an increase of 26.10 per cent from the previous year.
Information on the preparation of the present report is provided as a result of the fact that the real estate project is not in the settlement period and because of the large base for the same period last year.
55.31 per cent, with net profits growing by 65.97 per cent, with three quarters rising further, we conclude that the primary contribution of the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry and 100 grams of biology is: (1) growth hormones sustain high growth; and three quarters increase by more than 50 per cent in comparison to the previous quarter, thanks to the prolonged use of drugs by children, the fall of channels and the summer break factor.
In the first three quarters, overall revenue and net gains increased by 54% and 61%, respectively; (2) 100-gram bio-performance exceeded expectations.
In financial terms, the increase in sales costs in the previous three quarters was 65.66 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to an increase in income from the pharmaceutical business; an increase in accounts receivable of 69.13 per cent, mainly due to the extension of the period of accounting for vaccines and an increase in the pharmaceutical industry; and an increase in development expenditure of 43.40 per cent, mainly due to increased investment in medical research and development.
(i) Growth hormones: maintaining high growth in performance, strategic distribution techniques, high growth in growth hormones, mainly due to extended use of children in the context of medical escalation
As domestic growth hormone taps, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry has the highest product line, the fastest new adaptive development, and the highest end-control capability.
Statistics show that corporate growth hormone sales increased by about 43% in the first half of 2017, the city accounted for about 65%, and the dominant position was strong. At the same time, terminal hospital data show the company camp in January-August 2017.
3.2017-06-14 New Events Assessment: Adding specifications and adaptive conditions for growth hormones, Future 5.217-03 Long Springs New Depth Report: Entering a new fast-paced and long-term biopharmacous causes: (1) Upgraded medical consumption and emphasis on high-level management resonance to promote growth hormone market explosion
6.2017-03-01 Long Spring High New Year Report: Vaccine performance is better than expected, biopharmaceuticals rises and sails take place. According to the National Statistical Office, the increase in the health care category in the country since 2015 is mentioned in cpi
7.2017-01-25 High Spring Update Report: Rapid growth of biological drugs, with a cumulative increase of 5.7 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, except for the drug market, where the consumer attributes such as high-level management of children are gradually warming; (2) incremental markets: the fall of channels with summer break factors and an increase in treatments.
There are about 900 people on the team, covering first-line developed cities; this year, the sales team has expanded to cover more local and developed district-level municipalities. The summer vacation is a peak in paediatric use, with an increase in treatment. (3) The stock market: patients use more medication. As doctors educate and parents focus on high-level management of their children, children become more dependent and use it.
The length of the drug has increased from 8 to 10 months last year to 1 year. Figure 1. Growth hormone sales and accelerations in the sample hospital, Kinsey, 2014-2017h1
Figure 3. Cpi, September 2007-2017, with the same rate of increase in the health care category. US$ 889680, or 1.27% of the total shares of the company, is claimed. At the same time, it is agreed that if the company completes the remittance by 24 October, it will receive an additional 10% recognition.
Rani is mainly involved in the development of biopharmaceutical oral delivery methods, which are favoured by giants such as Google Venture, Novartis, and Aslikon. We believe that, in the case of non-lethal diseases, injections can seriously affect patients’ dependence, especially in the case of children, and oral delivery will significantly improve their dependence.
We look forward to the company’s future growth hormone growth. We are currently suffering from a treatment window of about 7 million children.
And the treatment rate is less than 2%, and the growth hormonal market is growing in space as medical consumption rises and parents focus on the management of their children’s heights. Companies have the best product lines in the domestic growth hormone market, the strongest end-control, the fastest new adaptive conditions, and the leading technology in research and development, and we think that (1) the share of the short-term market for water needles is difficult to capture.
Foreign competitions against hands, Nord and Nord water needles, although approved, are subject to bidding, re-arrangement, etc. Given foreign firms’ limited academic outreach capacity in the country and higher prices for their products, the impact on the gold race is expected to be limited; (2) Long-acting agent type iv
The long-acting IV clinical trial, which was completed at the end of August, is now in the aggregate analysis phase, which will provide a solid basis for follow-up academic outreach and entry into the Euro-American market and will continue to contribute to elasticity in performance. (3) The channel sinkes and expands market coverage. The company will continue to expand its marketing team to expand market coverage and explore it.
The sale of growth hormones is usually based on the prescription of the patient to the children’s hospital or to the clinic on the side of the hospital, after confirmation of the use of growth hormones at the first level of the hospital.
(ii) Reorganizer-promoting hormone import alternatives are promising; domestic reorganizer-promoting hormone markets are still monopolized by imported products, and corporate-promoting alternatives are promising. Kinsey’s reorganizer-promoting hormones are the country’s first model, generating nearly 35 million dollars in the last three quarters.
The reorganisation of ovarian hormones in the sample hospital, with a sales value of $2.646 million, is almost monopolized by Merk Shelano, and there is huge room for import substitution. The company has actively promoted the bidding process, which has now been marked in 16 provinces and cities, such as Fujian, Chongqing, and Nemon, and the winning price is slightly lower than the imported product. We believe that because of the concentration of the product market in specialist assisted reproductive hospitals, and short-term medicine.
But it is hoped that the successful alternative to growth hormone imports will be replicated in the future to capture the share of the domestic market based on first-rate simulations and price advantages. (iii) Vaccine operations continue to grow well.
In addition, the rabies vaccine process has become more rapid. Over the first three quarters of the year, the 100-gram bio-performance period has been dominated by an increase in the volume and price increase, which is expected to increase by about 140% over the previous three quarters, resulting in a net profit of 3,731 million vials (+2.3%). In addition, the rabies vaccine process has become more stable, with the first three quarters becoming more stable.
In the first half of the year, only 236,000 bottles (-59.7 per cent) were issued, in the first 18 months since the beginning of June, and in the third quarter, 559,000 bottles (+21.9 per cent) were issued, marking a gradual progress in the stabilization and expansion of the production process, with continuing gains and losses.
We believe that the company’s vaccine business is promising: (1) water pox vaccine continues to open international markets and is expected to continue at a faster rate. The company’s pox vaccine has been registered in India, Nigeria, and a new approval letter, which Indonesia agreed to issue in August, is about to be registered in Indonesia.
In the future, further release is expected to be achieved through sustained expansion of the international market; (2) the rabies vaccine production process is stabilized and performance is expected to improve gradually. The extension of the product period after the conversion of the magma process to 18 months, and a significant increase in the third quarter in the volume of issuances compared to the ring, mark a stabilization of the production process, accompanied by the development of a frozen dry pollinator pattern, are expected to gradually perform.
We believe that growth hormone performance will continue to grow at a high rate as consumption rises and people grow.
In the field of growth hormones, companies have the full range of advantages, such as the most full product lines, the most end-control, the fastest-growing new adaptive conditions, the technological lead, and the new delivery techniques of the active layout. By agent type, the needles help to consolidate competitive advantages: the new adaptive development of water needles is moving fast, hopefully.
Continued release; long-acting-type monolithic, iv clinical completion and expansion of distribution channels will drive high performance growth. Heavy group push ovarian hormones to fill gaps in national production, promising import substitution. Vaccine operations are about to enter a completely new phase of development: water, pox vaccines are opening international markets, and rabies vaccines will be lost through process modifications and agent-type upgrades.
To overcome the negative effects of industrial policies and achieve modest growth. The company’s real estate business will also continue to grow steadily. We expect long-acting growth hormones to fall short of expectations, a restructuring of the market for ovarian hormones to fail to expand, vaccine safety risks and policy risks, and new medicines to be developed.