High performance growth meets expectations, growth hormones are well deserved.

This represents an increase of 20.79 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amount to $487 million in the same year, while maintaining a high rate of growth in the same year 1. The biopharmacists have performed well as expected. The company earns 2,648 million yuan in three quarters of its business, an increase of 20.79 per cent in the same year.
A 55.31 per cent increase in year-on-year growth was the main engine of growth, with three quarters of the real estate block largely unsettled, and we expect it to be settled in four quarters; at the profit end, the net profit on the shareholders of the listed company was 487 million yuan, a 28.31 per cent increase in the same year.
The profits were 468 million yuan, an increase of 26.10 per cent over the same period, and 65.97 per cent for the entire pharmaceutical plate, of which the biopharmacist industry maintained a high rate of growth and 100 grams of organisms, and the Chinese plate showed a positive trend.
The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry has maintained a good growth trend, and we expect a growth rate of over 50 per cent at the end of the three quarters; on the 100 grams, after the vaccine incident, the “one vote” benefits are clear, while the rabies and pox vaccines are well sold and the earnings and profits increase.
The first three quarters are reported in the depths of the long springs: performance growth The real estate plates are still under-settled and are expected to increase significantly in the last four quarters.
In terms of other financial indicators, sales costs increased by $437 million, or 65.66 per cent, mainly if the increase in proceeds from the sale of pharmaceutical plates during the reporting period was the result of an increase in inventory by 1,431 million yuan, receivables by 309 million yuan, a 69.13 per cent increase over the same period.
2. The growth hormonal market is vast, and the Golden Series’s growth hormone leader is well-deserved. The three-quarterly editions of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry have maintained a positive growth trend, with a 50 per cent increase in revenues + and a profit outlook, and we expect to continue in the coming years as the leading company in the field of growth hormones.
High growth rates of more than 30% will be maintained for the following core reasons: 1. The country’s growth hormone market is vast, with a current treatment rate of only 4% and a potential market of more than 20 billion.
Long Spring and High New (000661). High-performance growth is expected, growth hormones are well-deserved, with at least 1 million children suffering from drug demand, while currently fewer than 40,000 children are actually receiving r-hgh treatment, with a treatment rate of only 4 per cent, at a minimum of around 2-30 million per powder treatment, and a potential market space for growth hormones in the country is more than 20 billion.
The company, as the only producer on the market to market growth hormone powders, water needles and long-acting agents, has a clear advantage in establishing product quality and marketing price systems, while in recent years it has stepped up its sales efforts by expanding the sales force, placing the end-of-stage hospitals, introducing hidden needle injection pens (to increase patients' dependence), and developing adaptive disorders (the company’s increase in the number of noonan syndromes during the reporting period).
In the absence of competition, companies will have a very good competition pattern and a competitive environment for a long time to come. In addition to the No and Nord needles that have now been approved for sale, the fastest progress is the growth hormone products of Anco organisms, which we declared in August this year.
Production, listed around the end of the 18th century, and the long-lasting water needles of Ancobi are now in the clinical iii phase, with future listings at least two to three years later.3 New items are marketed to promote high-growth companies, and research and development pipelines are rich in future companies.
With regard to new products, 14 years of company heavy pounds of product long-acting growth hormones on the market, consolidating the dominance of the industry, and bringing about an increase in performance, long-activating growth hormones, the clinical iv period is almost complete and will be released further in the future; 15 years of company ovulating ovarians on the market, the start of the market hatching, the prospect of future release, the next billion-grade product. And while the company’s own products are growing at a high rate, subsequent R & D investment is increasing, and R & D investment is taking over.
(a) Passed clinical treatments for the rudder ball, avocados injected acetic acid; extended life of the rabies vaccine of the Mesquito Biological Pine (which had been difficult to access to CDC for 12 months); completed clinical vaccinations for all volunteers during the iii period of the Nosal Influenza alive vaccine, which is expected to be declared production in December; reorganized human cell cells; megaphages sub-celeculose gels, which increase the adaptation of diabetes to chronic ulcers, are in a clinical ii period; and the fight against the disease is in a clinical stage of I;
The product-banded herpe virus vaccine ii is nearing completion, and the company's future growth will be driven by the development of new varieties, such as the Tigers, the continued appreciation of corporate growth hormones' hegemony and industry's future development, long-acting growth hormones, the progressive release of ovarians and the company's follow-up research and development The product is listed as a high-growth escort for the company, and given the 17-year growth hormone market and the 100-gram vaccine's performance, we expect the company to perform well.
The growth hormones are not sold as expected; the next product has too long a research and development cycle, the source of Eastern financial growth, the source of Eastern financial growth.
Changchun's high performance growth (000661) is in line with expectations, the growth hormone leader is well-deserved, the head of the pharmaceutical bio-industry team, three years of experience in research in the securities industry, and three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. The first team leader of the crystal ball in 2016 was Beijing University, Beijing University, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, and Trinity School.
Research assistant, Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Xiamen, formerly employed in Tianxien Pharmaceuticals Group Inc.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.