I've invested in the Suzuran creature, and I've got a heavy pneumocococcal combination of vaccines.
On December 13, Lee Ping-hoon announced that the company and its holding company, 100 grams of biology, were to invest $290 million in each of these creatures, in cash of $232 million and $58 million, respectively.
The company and 100-gram organisms held 40% and 10% shares, respectively, and had priority for the next round of financing. The purpose of the investment was to invest in the world’s most advanced technology for pneumococcal polys.
Information is provided for the preparation of this report, and the follow-up development of the co-producer vaccine and its derivatives, with a view to obtaining cfda production batches as a result of which the product will eventually be industrialized.
The investment will be divided into iii stages according to the progress of R & D: $50 million for the first phase within 30 days of the entry into force of this agreement; $50 million for the second phase within five working days of the availability of clinical batches for the Spaniard biopneum pneumocococcal multi-sugar combination vaccine project; $190 million for the third phase will be clinically based on the aforementioned project.
2. Our analysis and judgment: (i) The research and development origins of the President of the Sino-Cultilian Organisms, who specializes in the development of new vaccines, require funding for the declaration of test and production batches and related costs.
The President of the Sino-Swiss Biology Institute, who worked for the Zhejiang Province “Kills Project” for 13 years and worked as a director of the Vaccine Research and Development Centre, specializes in new vaccine research and development.
University holds a doctorate in biochemistry and molecular biology, and is an international member of the International Vaccine Association. May you join the United States Department of Life Sciences in 1996 to restructure protein test agents and antibody products.
Warner-Lambert acquired it in 2000 and Pfizer acquired it in 2000. After that, I wish Pfizer 13 years of work in charge of research and development of proto-inventive vaccines, recombinant proteins, antibodies, etc., and served as head and chief scientist of the Protein Science Department of the Pfizer Vaccine Research and Development Centre.
Back in 2011 he returned to the United States of America to join the Huallan Organisms. February 2015 he was the biomanager of Bo and Rida. He was founded in September 2017. On the whole, I wish you all the best to do biopharmaceutical research and development in the United States for more than 2.2017-09-06 long spring high events: participation in the US company Rani, Carbit growth hormone.
20 years of experience in new vaccine research and development, oral medicine technology, 3.2017-08-18 spring high six-year review: full speed of medical operations, we continue to watch.
4.2017-06-14 New Events Assessment: New specifications for growth hormones and adaptive conditions, Future 6.2017-03 Long Spring High Depth Report: Towards a new round of fast-paced and long-term bioprophylaxis (II) Pneumococcal combination vaccine markets are promising
Pneumococcal disease is the leading cause of death among children under five years of age. Pneumococcus is the most common form of respiratory infections among children, which can cross the mucous barrier, enter the respiratory tract and blood, cause middle-ear, nasal, meningitis and bacterium disease.
According to the 2011 Maternal and Child Health Development Report, pneumonia is the second leading cause of death for children under five years of age in the country. In recent years, Mr. Chung Nanshan has pointed out that pneumonia has become the leading cause of infant and child mortality in the country.
The ecclesiastical multi-sugar vaccine is an antigen component of the pneumocococcal membrane, which induces only b-cell immunity, but is unable to produce an effective immune response to the single vaccine due to the underdevelopment of the immune system in children aged two years. The pneumocococcal combination is an antigen using the pneumocococcal multi-sugar membrane in combination with the pneumocococcal membrane, which induces both b-cell and t-cell immunization.
In China, only 7 per cent of Pfizer's previous product was released from China in 2014, and the new product, 13 per cent, was approved at the end of 2016, starting with 2017.
In recent years, the combination of pneumonia vaccine for young children has been in a state of chronic outages and oversupply, and there are a large number of unmet needs in the country, with a wide market outlook. At the same time, we believe that the pharmaceutical authorities will give priority support to the approval and approval process, since, according to the “Healthy China 2030” programme, our infant mortality rate will be from 8.1 per 1,000 in 2030.
To five, the under-five mortality rate has dropped from 10.7 to 6 per thousand, which means that the government is bound to sell more than $5.5 billion globally for Pneumocococcus vaccine in 2016. Pfizer is the most advanced in global Pneumococcus research and development in the country, with a higher probability of success in corporate product development.
The company's progress in research and development is clearly lagging behind other companies, but it's more likely to be on the market. We have combed out the domestic research companies that are working on a combination of pneumonia vaccine, as shown in table 1. So the fastest progress in the country is being made by Watson organisms, whose 13-priced product has completed the iii clinical trial data-blinding and is entering clinical trial data statistical analysis and clinical research.
The wrap-up phase. We believe that while, at this point, the research and development of the Swift Organisms is clearly lagging behind companies like Watson Organisms, taking into account the background of their chairman's over-heavy vaccine research and development, we believe that the company's pneumonia combined with the possibility of a vaccine being marketed has a certain share of the market if it succeeds in doing so.
The company, which is the leader of the country’s genetic engineering biopharmaceuticals, well-lined, technologically advanced, end-control capabilities for growth hormones, we believe that, in the context of rising pharmaceutical consumption, the company’s growth hormones are expected to maintain a high rate of growth based on exclusive agent types and marketing channels; and the restructuring of human-induced ovarian hormones to fill gaps in national production and import substitution. The vaccine business is about to enter a new stage.
The rabies vaccine is opening up on the international market, and the rabies vaccine will be lost through process modification and agent upgrading, and the investment is expected to boost the vaccine product line by harvesting heavy-pound varieties. Medium-chemistry performance is expected to overcome the negative impact of industrial policies and achieve a small increase.
The development of new medicines has fallen short of expectations, competition risks in the market for new products, vaccine safety and policy risks.