The three-quarterly report's performance is in line with the expected speedier speed of the gold race.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average 3 quarterly reports issued by Changchun, with companies achieving income of $1.05 billion in three quarters, an increase of 14 per cent in the same year; net profit on belonging of $203 million, an increase of 23 per cent in the same year; net profit on deductions
In the first three quarters, income of $2.65 billion was achieved, an increase of 21 per cent in the same year; net profit of $490 million was realized, an increase of 28 per cent in the same year; net profit of $470 million was realized, an increase of 26 per cent in the same year.
The company's overall performance is in line with expectations.
In terms of drug properties, growth hormones are expensive, consumption is strong, but they are effective. Therefore, growth hormones are subject to very little pressure from health insurance, are new and stable, and 2. Growth hormones have a number of operations that together contribute to growth.
In terms of the market patterns, the cost of medicines is relatively high, and the overall penetration and sales base of the growth hormone market used to be low.
Increased market input from firms within the industry and the expansion of the sales force, the rapid growth of overall sales in the industry, the prominence of the golden agent-type advantage (we expect competitors to still have a longer cycle of listing and distribution of needle products) and a competitive pattern (we estimate the market share to be 50-70% left)
The largest beneficiary of growth hormone market growth is the long-term investment in research and development, which builds on future advantages, maintains a high level of investment in research and development over the long term, and the gold-spill industry has accumulated in the field of thiomers.
With a wealth of experience and research and development, long-acting growth hormone iv clinical advances are under way, growth hormone adaptive clinical expansion is progressing, and the future market for growth hormones is expected to continue to expand. The company’s layout in the area of reproductive hormones is also beginning to show results, as tenders are tendered.
Li Jin Lei, who has a strong market influence in the vaccine industry, has benefited from changes in vaccine circulation systems in the first half of the year, which has led to a significant increase in earnings; the Chinese medicine industry is relatively stable.
Market positions are strong; property revenues are recognized to be seasonal, but overall operations are generally stable, and are expected to contribute to company performance in the long term. The company’s growth is stable, and it is expected that the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry will continue to grow at a high rate in the future.
Growing competition in the growth hormone market; less than expected exposure of gold ovarian hormones; analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market; then averaged the final rating as average investment in the market
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.