The Kinsey Pharmaceuticals industry, 100 grams of bio-growth, drove the company business, October 25th, 2017.
The profits were $195 million, an increase of 24.06 per cent over the previous year.
Two, one quarter of 2017: the gold race drug industry was over-expected, driving the company's performance in the first quarter, and two, our point: the drug plate continued to grow high, and Kinsey and 100 grams became the company's performance growth.
In 2016, the company achieved a net profit of 2,648 million yuan and a high rate of growth in the three quarters of 2017; 100 grams of biohydrococcal vaccine.
We believe that, after the gradual closure of the O4 real estate project, the pharmaceutical plate will continue to grow at a high rate, while the growth in performance is expected to accelerate in the fourth quarter of 2017.1 The gold racing pharmaceutical industry has increased sales, growth hormones, long-lived growth hormones, and restructuring.
The gold-track pharmaceutical industry is the company's most important controlling pharmaceutical enterprise, with sales earnings and profits as high as 47.8 per cent and 71.6 per cent of the company's total income and net profits, respectively (2016).
In recent years, the Golden Race Drug industry has continued to expand its sales force, using a model of self-constructed sales teams working with distributors, and, in the context of the consolidation of existing markets, has gradually subsided, becoming important to the company's performance.
Growth point. According to pdb data, the main varieties of powder and water in the Golden Race drug industry: long hormones, long-acting growth hormones and recombinant human ovarian hormones increased by 42.8 per cent, 38.2 per cent and 176.5 per cent respectively in 2017.
Revenues and profits from the pharmaceutical industry have remained at around 50 per cent of the year-on-year rate.
As the industry moved out of the Shandong vaccine incident, 100 grams of biology followed industry recovery in 2017, leading to an outbreak of performance growth. Half-yearly in 2017, 100 grams of organisms achieved income, and changes in the corporate performance structure led to significant increases in Māori rates and net interest rates; and pharmaceutical companies plus
Large sales promotion and higher sales costs resulted in a larger share of the company’s high Māori medicine business, directly increasing the company’s Māori and net profit levels, respectively, due to the low level of real estate closure during the reporting period.
In terms of costs, corporate-owned pharmaceutical companies have increased the marketing of their products at a faster rate of $1,104 million, a 65.7 per cent increase over the same period.
Figure 4: Māori rates, net interest rates and changes in cost rates
100-gram organisms have gradually returned to domestic sales after the vaccine event, and after the completion of the readjustment of the biobiotic process, they are expected to get out of the loss and contribute to the company's profits. So, we're going up to the company's rating, and we're going to give the "buy-in" rating.
The Hong Kong Stock Exchange Corporation, Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio advisory committee.