Long Spring High and New (000661); Biovaccine plate growth, market space, recommended (for the first time) settlement drags companies to watch up, and company medicine plate growth is strong.
Biovaccine plates perform well. During the reporting period, corporate pharmaceutical companies increased their incomes, new products were marketed, growth hormones remained high, 100-grams of products were expected to double their income and profits, and high performance was expected to be due mainly to vaccines.
During the reporting period, the Chinese pharmaceutical subsidiary Huakang’s pharmaceutical industry increased steadily and income and profits were expected to increase by about 10%.
The financial indicators are generally good. During the reporting period, the Māori sales rate for companies reached 88.06 per cent.
The increase of 10.77 pp over the same period, the increase in the Māori rate was largely influenced by a shift in vaccine operations from low to high, with real estate revenues yet to be recognized. During the reporting period, the company fee rate was 54.85 per cent, an increase of 10.78 pp over the same period; of this, the cost of sales was 41.68 per cent.
Other financial indicators are generally stable. The report is made by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities. The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer because it receives the report.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.