A quarter of costs are covered, and the chef is expected to contribute to the increase in the number of gold dragonfish (300999.sz) Investment rating: increase (maintain)
In April, soybean prices rose, the price of soybeans rose, the price of oil continued to rise globally, with short-term or hard-to-return prices equal to 79.2, 48.1, 35.5 times greater, and the company remained China's most competitive kitchen food company.
Cooking operations are expected to contribute to the growth and maintain an “uptake” rating. Quality meals are closed, costs are rising and demand is influenced by multiple factors. 2022q1 companies have not been able to grow easily at the end of their earnings under external environmental changes and cost pressures (1).
On the one hand, as a result of the drought in South America and the conflict in the Russian Federation, prices such as soybean, the company’s main raw material (26 per cent increase in the same price as imports), palm oil (30 per cent increase in the same price) and soybean oil, among others, have risen sharply, driving up the cost of the products, and raising the cost of the price is still limited.
Excluding re-price increases: On the other hand, the country’s multi-distribution logistics are limited, and the closing of meals has a greater impact on the sale of cooking oil. (2) Animal feed and fat technology operations are affected by low prices for pigs, and short-term demand is still insufficient.
Freight costs have increased significantly; sales cost has decreased by 1.75 pct over the year, mainly due to cost pressures, lower promotion; management cost has decreased by 0.27 pc over the year, financial cost has increased by 0.34 pc over the same year, and research and development cost levels.
• The production of the Central Kitchen, which is expected to gradually contribute to the suppression of profitability and the active deployment of the Big Kitchen Operations, was launched in March, bringing together grain and oil operations, prefabricated vegetables, troupe and cold storage logistics.
Reducing transport costs. Supported by a well-developed network of channels and a strong research and development capacity, central kitchen operations are accelerating and are expected to lead to operational exposures such as vinegar and cooking oil.