Golden Dragonfish (300999): Equity incentive landing, profit improvement (draft): The plan is to award 29.8 million restricted shares to a total of 1,635 members of company directors, senior managers, mid-level managers and technical cadres.
The company intends to award 29.8 million restricted shares, including Chairman Guo Kong Fung, to senior executives and core cadres for a total of 1,635 persons of no less than $30.76 per share.
President Muyanqai, Managing Vice President Niu Yu, etc., represents about 0.55% of the total stock stock of the company on the day of the announcement of this draft incentive, which was selected as a performance indicator at the company level.
We believe that this is a direct reflection of the business performance of the main business and the growth of market values, and that this incentive has a large number of people who can maximize the binding of core management and enhance the motivation of the workforce as a whole, further stimulating the dynamism of the company's operations.
2022-03-24 "The depth of the food and beverage industry: the industry's mood is still the same.
The company's traditional business of kitchen food, feed raw materials, and fat technology will be restored as consumption resumes.
The central kitchens, spices and traditional kitchens, such as rice noodles, are closely linked to the food business, which is expected to improve the company's available product and channel resources (1) Central kitchens: the central kitchen projects of Chongqing, the galleries, Xian and others are now accelerating
Construction will continue in 2022. In the future, the company will have 100 central kitchens nationwide, which will create an advantage of scale. 3) Taste: two brands of sauce, two strategies, Tastyball Two.
The project was built to double production capacity, and Guangdong Yangjiang is preparing to build a factory. The appetizer business is more focused on rapid growth in volume and expansion through self-building and acquisition.
The objective will be to add new points to the company's performance, while the location of equity incentives will effectively stimulate the risk of macroeconomic volatility, the risk of industrial policy change, the risk of an epidemic dragging consumption winds, the risk of downstream demand fluctuations, the risk of price volatility of raw materials, food safety and food security.
Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, comprehensive coverage of food and beverage industry, clustering, in-depth study of white wine industry, etc.
Oportunidades, specializing in the short- and medium-term potential of a share; hard work in thinking about white wine plates, thinking about and insights into the deep market for Soo's wine.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.