Golden Dragonfish (300999): The epidemic continues, two quarters to look at. In the evening of 29 April 2022, the company issued a report for the first quarter of 2022: 2022 q1 battalion, which was more affected by the epidemic, and a quarter of the year was under pressure for profit.
The difference between the net profit of the parent and the net profit of the non-mortality is mainly due to hedging operations The price of raw materials such as soybean, soybean oil and palm oil increased significantly, resulting in a substantial increase in the cost of the product, although the company increased the price of some of its products, but did not.
The cost of raw materials is fully covered. 2) The company sells the same amount of kitchen food in the first quarter of 2022, as a result of the multi-point distribution of the domestic epidemic, such as movement of goods, end-of-life sales, catering, etc., adding to the weak economy, weak consumption, increased competition in the market, etc.
Compared to this decline, profits from retail products at the mid-to-high end are more affected.) First, real income tax rates are higher in the quarter, mainly due to differences in tax rates among different subsidiaries, some high-tax companies are more profitable and some low-tax companies lose.
2022q1 sales/management/financial cost rates, respectively, are expected to fall mainly as a result of reduced advertising costs.
Incentives for equity have increased, and the advantages of a diversified layout have been shown. Golden Dragonfish (300999): year-round profit holding, over 2022. 29.8 million restricted shares have been awarded to senior directors and core cadres for a total of 1,635 clients.
The depth of the food and beverage industry: the industry is still in the air, with a wide range of subjects that can effectively stimulate the motivation of employees.
As consumption recovers, the company’s traditional business of kitchen food, feed raw materials, and fat technology will grow. The new business will accelerate the construction of the central kitchen and spice projects.
There are 100 central kitchens, which form an advantage of scale. The Central Kitchen Project is currently being built at an accelerated pace and will continue to be produced in 2022. 2) Taste: Soy sauce with two brands and two strategies.
The central kitchen, the spice, and traditional kitchens such as rice and rice noodles are closely connected.
It is hoped that the company's existing product and channel resources will be better integrated to boost the Māori rate.
Risks of macroeconomic fluctuations, risks of changes in industrial policies, epidemics leading to consumption winds, risks of downstream demand fluctuations, risks of price volatility of raw materials, food safety and introduction to the food beverages group
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, collection of hot beverage plates, in-depth study of the white and wine industry, etc.
A year of food and beverage sellers' research experience, covering white wine, spices, etc., joined in January 2022.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.