It's a big deal for the petrochemicals!
1. China Petroleum Corporation (CIA): Reforming the Power of the World!, with both increases in upstream oil and gas production, reforms continue to flourish: priority oil-producing countries provide marginal supplies.
2. China Oil Co.A.: The Reforms are Dynamic and The Performance is Sound!, 2023.8.31 Should be more limited in volume, with sustained recovery in global mobility, and demand for crude oil consumption by 3. China Petroleum Co.A.: Strong Performances and Power Change!
In 2023, the company was able to explore and exploit 909 million barrels of crude oil, planning to produce 514 megact feet of natural gas, exploration and exploitation panels, high sales of finished oil and expected continued medium-high-scenes: the company's oil products were sold in surplus.
Profitability continued to be robust, with sales of 3.51 per cent in 2023, and the same-year zero-price differential for domestic diesel fuel, high-stakes in finished oil sales plates High-equity payment rates continued to pay off shareholders: companies maintained high-equity policies and shareholders invested back.
The company's cash share in 2023 was $80,529 million, and the company's equity payments, profit projections, valuations and ratings, and we think that the company's business targets could be partially raised in the broader context of corporate reform.
The firm ' s core competitiveness will continue to be reflected in negative fluctuations in crude oil prices, and we (1) have not been as fast as expected in oil and gas fields; (2) risk of liberalization of finished oil prices; (3) risk of low end demand: (4) effect of three-way data errors: (5) effect of offshore operations
1. The two-fold increase in upstream oil and gas production and the continuation of the transformations have led to a significant increase in business income of $72,877 million, a 7.00 per cent decrease in the same year; and a net return profit of $29,495 million, a year-on-year increase, which continues to sustain negative growth and further reflects the effectiveness of the reforms and the high year-on-year performance expectations.
The Scheme for the Collection of Proceeds from Mining Concessions, which was implemented on 1 May 2023, clearly states that “the annual collection of mining rights gives rise to revenues = annual revenues from mineral sales — the yield from mining rights — and that “the yield from land-based mining rights is 0.8 per cent, while the yield from maritime mining rights is 0.6 per cent”. The first document to mention the yield from mining rights is July 2017.
The provisional scheme for the administration of mining concessions, implemented from 1 January, states in its Article X that “can be explored in the form of a rate of yield through mining rights”, but does not specify the method of collection. With reference to the scheme for mining concessions, we estimate the expected yield in 2023 to be around $6.2 billion.
Extra-tax taxes amounted to $29,62226 million, an increase of approximately $18,171 million over the same year in 2022, with additional payments, mining concessions yielding $23,685 million. Between the end of 2022 and the beginning of 2023, crude oil prices continued to shock due to the multiplicity of air-spaced supply and demand fundamentals, and were subject to svb in March-May.
The impact of bankruptcy and the pessimistic expectation that financial risks will lead to a fall in crude oil prices have been accompanied by a sustained reduction in production caps in the OPC+ priority countries, the start of the United States strategic stock of crude oil and a sustained recovery in demand for finished oil in China, and the repair and maintenance of medium- and high-level shocks in crude oil prices since the second half of 2023.
The average price of Brent crude oil for the whole year 2023 was $82.18 per barrel, a decrease of 17.02 per cent in the same year, and the company, with a fall in oil prices of 17.02 per cent on a year-on-year basis, continued to achieve a year-round return of $23,685 million from the q4 mining concessions. Global crude oil supply and demand in 2024 will remain in a tight balance, with a more limited increase in the marginal supply of key oil-producing countries.
The voluntary reduction of 10,000 barrels per day continued until the end of 2024 and 2.2 million barrels per day in the first half of 2024, while the increase in the marginal supply of crude oil in 2024 was more limited by Opc+. US shale oil was significantly less active than expected since the beginning of 2023, and the number of active oil rigs in the United States has been active since 2022.
Recovering to a high stage (627) in December, the number of active United States oil drilling rigs was only about 510 as of March 15, 2024, while the number of additional United States shale oil-producing areas permian wells and the number of completed wells declined to some extent.
The relative decline in the number of wells is even more pronounced, with the number of wells moving to reservoirs slowing down and the overall drop in mining intensity, but it may indicate that there may be production bottlenecks or insufficient willingness at the end stage in the United States. Moreover, oil prices are maintained at medium-high levels, but single-well production is declining and shales are falling; rock oil is being mined again; and the marginal increase in United States crude oil production is below expectations.
Figure 14: United States crude oil exports (millions of barrels per day) in recent years, global crude oil and condensed oil consumption peaked at about 85 million barrels per day in 2019, accompanied by a sustained recovery in global mobility and a gradual recovery in demand for crude oil consumption, with global crude oil and condensed oil consumption as of February 2024
At 8.32 million barrels per day, an increase of 1.80 per cent over the same year, oil prices are expected to sustain their moderate-high shocks. Companies continued to maintain high levels of capital spending in response to calls by the Government to increase their production stock, spending 24.837 billion yuan on exploration and development in 2023, an increase of 12.09 per cent over the same period.
With a 14.24 per cent reduction, sustained expenditure on higher exploration and development capital is expected to provide the basis for growth in corporate oil and gas reserves. Mt. cubic feet, 0.90 per cent less than year-on-year, are expected to further safeguard oil and gas output. Corporate upstream oil and gas production increased significantly, from 93.71 billion barrels in 2023, an increase of 3.41 per cent in the same year;
The planned production of 5.14 trillion cubic feet of natural gas is expected to rise steadily in exploration and development plates, and the volume of finished oil sales is expected to continue at a high medium-high temperature.
In 2023, China’s market for finished oils continued to record high levels of consumption in recent years. Gasoline/diesel/ kerosene consumption was 149 million tons/204 million tons/034 million tons in 2023, respectively.
Of this amount, 2023q4 firewood continued to be marketed in 2023, the sales of oil finished in China increased, the sales of oil produced by companies increased, the companies owned 22,755 gas stations throughout the year, and the retail sales of oil produced in 2023 amounted to 7,948 million tons, an increase of 23.77 per cent over the same year.
As a result of further repairs, oil demand is expected to rise further, company sales of finished oils are expected to continue at a level similar to that of won/tonne, and high prices in the finished oil sales plates are expected to continue. The wholesale price differential for finished oil exports has been repaired, the demand for overseas oil has been recovering in 2023, and the prices of finished oil abroad have continued.
At a higher level, the export price of finished oils was at one point reversed by a price difference of 2023q1 and q3 between domestic wholesale prices, with a relative advantage for overseas refining and withdrawal, an increase in volatility in the price spread of finished oils abroad and the possibility of companies gaining elasticity in performance through overseas arbitrage of finished oils.
The company maintains a high-equity policy and a strong shareholder return on its investments. The company's cash share in 2023 was $80,529 million, public 1) the oil and gas fields were not as fast as expected: the oil and gas fields were a long process from exploration to exploitation, and it was possible in that process.
(ii) Risk of liberalization of the price of finished oils: if the price of finished oil is liberalized and converted to market-based pricing, there is a risk of frequent fluctuations in the price of gasoline and diesel fuel, increased competition in the market, China ' s petrochemical and China ' s monopoly on the sale of finished oils
3) End demand risk: company operating income is mainly derived from the sale of finished oils and petrochemical products. Some industries and related products have cyclical characteristics with downside risks; 4) Triangular data error effects: tripartite data includes data such as satellite data and tanker positioning, and data errors include satellites
(e) Risk of overseas operations: companies operating in multiple countries, subject to local political, legal and regulatory environmental impacts, and possibly subject to unstable operating conditions or tax, import and export restrictions;
6) Exchange rate risk: Global crude oil prices are denominated mainly in United States dollars and companies have some of their assets in overseas markets, but public financial statements are usually expressed in renminbi, if there is a significant fluctuation in the exchange rate between the renminbi and the United States dollar, or if there is a shift in corporate performance to obtain more services
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market