China’s oil reserves have a high yield performance, the value of high-quality assets has been revalued, international oil prices have been kept high, companies have continued to push for higher reserves, and oil and gas mining operations have been profitable.
At the same time, the low-cost advantages of ethylene, based on high-quality ethane resources, are scarce, while domestic Chinese oil is one of China’s largest producers and sellers of hydrocarbons and one of the world’s largest oil companies. The company’s main business includes the exploration, exploitation, production and marketing of crude oil and gas, crude oil and stones.
Refining, transportation, storage and marketing of oil products, production and marketing of basic petrochemicals, derivatives and other chemical products, transportation of natural gas, crude oil and finished oils, and sale of natural gas High oil prices in addition to higher reserves, upstream oil and gas operations are profitable. We expect international oil prices in 2024.
One billion yuan, of which the oil, gas and new energy subsectors realized operating profits of 132,696 million yuan, and the oil and gas equivalent production and gas extraction operations may continue to be of high temperature. The ethane resource contributed to the enhanced competitiveness of the refined plate. In 2021, China ' s oil ethane fission ethylene production was achieved.
By 1.4 million tons, the future capacity of ethylene ethylene production will continue to expand, depending on raw material resources and process routes, and the low-cost advantages of corporate ethylene are scarce. Moreover, the completion of the Guangdong Pulse Integration Refinery, the orderly progress of the Guangxi Pulsification and Gilling Pulsification projects are expected to increase the competitiveness of the industry in refining plates.
China’s oil is expected to benefit from reforms to market domestic gas prices. Foreign gas prices have fluctuated widely, domestic gas prices have been reformed gradually, and China’s oil sales to the country in the first three quarters of 2023 were 1,55364 million cubic metres of natural gas, an increase of 5.5% over the same period.
194.6 million yuan, an increase of 24.50 per cent over the same period. As the country ' s leading upstream natural gas supplier, the gas price-marketing reform or the promotion of a sustained recovery of profits from natural gas sales, per capita income generation rose from 31.781 million yuan to $8.1296 million, and the efficiency of corporate management continued to improve.
On the other hand, companies have fully implemented national carbon peak carbon neutrality and strategic planning, proposing a three-step deployment of “clean substitution, war, using market prices as a standard on January 17, 2024, green transformation” to promote carbon capture, utilization and sequestration.
Commercialization of (ccs/ccus) projects and efforts to build “hydrogens, hydrocarbons” integrated energy companies to achieve high-quality integrated development of traditional oil and gas and new energy operations. Based on the maintenance of medium-high international oil prices, company oil and gas production has steadily increased and oil and gas extraction plates have performed well
During the period, in parallel with the enhanced competitiveness of the company's refining plates, and the continuing progress of domestic gas price reforms, it is expected that Sino-Sino-Sino International Securities Company Ltd.
The risk of falling oil prices, the risks associated with changes in environmental policies, exceptional economic volatility and the continued global economic downturn.
China Oil and Gas Co. Ltd. (petrochinacompanymited), China Oil (Submitted: 601857, Portside: 0857), is China’s largest producer and seller of hydrocarbons and one of the world’s largest oil companies. The company’s main operations include exploration, exploitation, production and sale of crude oil and gas, refining, transportation, storage and sale of crude oil and petroleum products, and the basis for their sale.
The production and sale of petrochemical products, derivatives and other chemical products, the transportation of natural gas, crude oil and finished oils, and the sale of natural gas. Companies ranked fourth in Fortune World 500, and 17th in the 2022 bid for global P2P 250.
Figure 1. China Oil Group, a company-owned shareholder in the history of China’s oil development, was established in July 1998 as a mega petrochemical enterprise, based on the former China Oil and Gas Corporation, in accordance with the State Council’s institutional reform programme. The State Council’s State Assets Supervisory Board is the company’s actuals.
Controllers. The equity structure of the company is more centralized, with the company currently holding 10% or more of the corporate shares (excluding Hong Kong Central Settlement (Agents) Ltd.), with the exception of the China Oil Group.
China Petroleum and Gas Group Ltd. is an integrated international energy company that brings together the production of oil and gas and new energy sources, the production and sale of finished oils and new chemical materials, and the sale of natural gas. According to the structure of the industrial chain, China’s oil main business is divided into three main sectors:
Production: Downstream is mainly involved in the sale of finished oils, chemicals and natural gas.
Exploration: search for and identification of hydrocarbon resources and understanding of underground petroleum refining, petrochemicals, ethylene and other chemicals
Production, research, development and application of industrial products and exploitation of three major international oil and gas shipments in the Americas: excavation, extraction of oil, oil and gas from reservoirs
High-value-added chemical products and new materials
(b) Guaranteeing the natural gas industry's chain of operations: oil and gas fields, long-range pipelines and long-range pipelines;
Steady, international natural storage and handling systems and urban distribution systems.
New energy sources: clean energy layout, R & D and energy generation, such as hydrogen, geothermal and wind power generation 1.2 Hydrocarbons and New Energy Divisions contribute to the profit core
The ratio of lubricant to 46.60 per cent was the largest profit-making portfolio, with the oil, gas and new energy subsectors operating at $132,696 million in the first three quarters of 2023, a 4.5 per cent decrease in the same period. The sales of the plates were mainly in the sale of finished oil, the sales of the plates in 2022 were proportional to the relative share of the main upstream suppliers of natural gas, and the corporate natural gas sales operations in the third quarter of 2023 generated revenues of $39,274 million, an increase of the same amount.
In 2020, as a result of a new global coronary epidemic and sharp fluctuations in oil and gas prices, operating income declined in a phased manner. Since 2021, business income rose rapidly as oil prices rose and downstream demand recovered. In 2022, corporate business income reached $3.24 trillion, an increase of 1.3 per cent, and management efficiency continued to improve.
In recent years, China’s oil industry has continued to boost internal efficiency gains, and in 2023 the National Investment Commission optimized the system of central business performance indicators, setting out the overall objectives of a “one-for-five” system of business indicators and a “one-for-one-for-one-for-one-four-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-one” increase. Between 2016 and 2022, China’s total oil workforce declined from 5088 million to 3984 million, while China’s oil-for-one workforce declined from 508,000 to 3984 million.
Per capita income generation rose rapidly, from RMB 31,781 million to RMB 8,129.6 million. By the first half of 2023, the number of company employees was optimized by the company ' s four-fee structure and its management was efficient and sound. The cost rate continued to decline during the company ' s life as the efficiency gains advanced. 1.3 Historical performance was highly correlated with oil price fluctuations.
According to historical performance data, corporate profitability is more correlated with the trend in international oil prices, and corporate performance is generally positive in a market environment with high oil prices. As natural gas yields and ratios rise, refinery size upgrades, and product structure optimized, future oil price fluctuations may have a weaker impact on the performance of the public sector.
The distribution of dividends has been steady, with the company implementing 32 cash dividends since the listing of the shares in 2007a and a cumulative cash share of 70,069,000 million Chinese oils giving a medium-term dividend of 45 per cent, a total of $38,434 million and an annualized dividends return of 5.6 per cent.
Oil and gas and new energy sources: increased production in storage, reduced efficiency gains, tight supply and demand balance in the international crude oil market, and price maintenance at medium-high levels
In 2022, with the global economic recovery and the effects of the geopolitical conflict in the Russian Federation, international oil prices once exceeded $120 per barrel, setting prices at a new high of nearly 10 years. Since 2023, international oil prices have continued to shock at a medium-high level, as a result of a combination of macroeconomic factors such as the US Central Bank’s continued interest hike, exposure to European and American banking risks, the slowdown in global economic growth, and the occ+ reduction policy.
Figure 17. Trends in international crude oil spot prices (2003-2023). Looking at the international crude oil market, the global crude oil trading system is still reshaping and demand and demand games are on the rise. At the demand side, global demand for crude oil has continued to grow. According to the OPEC November report, the global demand for crude oil is expected to increase by 2.25 million barrels per day in 2024.
Global oil demand is projected to grow by 880,000 barrels per day in 2024, and eia, in its short-term energy outlook report released in November, projected an increase in global crude oil demand of 1.4 million barrels per day in 2024. On the supply side, the United States, according to high-frequency data published by eia, has reached 10,000 barrels.
There has been a significant increase, with eia reporting an average production cost of $28.26 per barrel of oil and gas equivalent for q4 United States oil and gas companies in 2022, up 71% from q1 in 2020. Meanwhile, the oil and gas industry in the United States is experiencing a new wave of mergers and acquisitions, and in May 2023, Front purchased pdcenergy for $6.3 billion of shale oil development; and on October 11, 2023, Exxon Mabil announced a US$ 59.5 billion.
In the context of the high oil price market, we believe that the United States giants, in favour of capital in the field of oil and gas exploration and exploitation, are cautious about obtaining quality cash flows through the acquisition of high-quality assets, as the oil and gas industry competes.
We expect that international oil prices will remain at medium-high levels in 2024. China’s oil, as the domestic oil and gas production pole, will benefit from high and medium oil prices, oil and gas, and new energy plates will be expected to remain high.
Figure 18. Global crude oil supply and demand balance 2.2 China ' s oil, oil and gas resource endowments are excellent and China ' s upstream oil operations mainly involve exploration, exploitation and sale of crude oil and natural gas, possession of China Oil Exploration and Development Co. Ltd., Daeqing