- Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company basics (RMK)
The overall performance was negative, but the profit performance before the provision was significantly better than against the mark, with a four-quarter initiative to make a substantial transfer. In 2016, the company achieved a net return of $164,578 million, a 3.7 per cent decline in the same year, with a negative increase in performance, mainly due to a four-quarter initiative to make a large provision and a greater recognition of annual minority shareholder interests.
1. China Banking Corporation Study: Deep Internationalization Strategy 7% increase in profits before making a provision, significantly higher than the value of the bid.
The impact on net profits was $184.05 billion, an increase of 2.58 per cent over the previous three quarters, which was roughly the same rate of increase as the net return profits of the previous three quarters. The four-quarter performance, as a result of the four-quarter increase in the provision, was 24 per cent lower than the previous quarter, while the annual margin fell by 4 per cent compared to the previous three quarters, and by 5.8 cent less than the previous three quarters.
A 50% increase in the year-on-year provision, with a marked increase in the year-on-year rate, is reversed by a steady four-quarter spread: a negative increase in fees and fees. The fourth quarter net difference is 1.75%, flat.
The annual growth in low-cost corporate deposits has been marked by a marked decline in the size of the corporate debt. The share of revenue affected by the large increase in investment returns has continued to rise, but fees and fees have declined by 2.6% over the same period, which is evident in the double drop at the end of the year compared to the end of the third quarter, with the ratio of interest-type loans rising.
1.46%, at the end of the third quarter, up by 3 bp at the beginning of the year. The negative balance at the end of the year was 0.02% lower than at the end of the third quarter. This was mainly a four-quarter increase in bad disposal by companies, with the total disposal increasing by about 6.8 billion more than at the end of the three quarters.
130% of the industry is high. The negative production of companies affected by increased write-offs and poor recognition has slightly increased the ring ratio by 14 bp over the four-quarter period.
The battalion’s perspective offers space for a massive provision that will free up performance in 2017. As the most internationally integrated banking company, the company benefits most from a one-way policy, and as a pilot lending association, we look forward to the future of the company’s business.
Mark. We expect the company ' s performance to increase by 1.8 per cent in 2017 over the same period, currently corresponding to a chronic economic downturn in 2017 pb, with a persistent high level of credit risk, corporate business risk, etc. Appendix: Summary of projections of three statements
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: Scores, after which averages are calculated to arrive at the final rating, as average market investment. Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the fundamentals of the enterprise, judging the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.