Solitaires (68,8271.sh) show strong performance growth, sustained international market expansion, faster growth, and increased development resilience. In 2023, the company earned $11,411 million.
In the context of industry restructuring, the company’s performance grew faster in 2023, highlighting its resilience to development. On a quarterly basis, three quarters were affected by industry restructuring, with income and profit scales being higher than two quarters.
The sale of equipment, despite the disruption of a certain industry, was better, owing mainly to the continued upgrading of end-loading, by 9.4 per cent (+1.3 pp); the high growth in software operations, with revenue of 174 million yuan (+124.85 per cent), was mainly due to the continued intellectual empowerment of several individuals.
High- and middle-end product income increases, maintenance service income increases, Māori rates are largely stable
34.26 per cent (+2.16 pp), with higher sales, management and R & D costs, mainly in " Joint Film Medical Care (688271.sh) - China ' s leading medical equipment rises " . Companies continue to deepen their technological and talent reserves, strengthen their marketing systems and continuously raise core competition.
Investment recommendations: In the context of industry restructuring, companies achieved faster growth in 2023, with higher growth and higher development resilience. Three quarters have seen a decline in income and profit scales compared to two quarters of the round, with a weakening of the industry restructuring and a relaxation of the configuration policy in the fourth quarter.
In the first quarter of 2024, 2,350 million yuan (+6.22 per cent) was collected, and in figure 2: 1 million yuan (in millions, per cent) was earned and increased (in millions, per cent) in the first quarter of 2024.
Sub-product lines, influenced by the benefits of the liberalization policy, despite the strong growth of xr due to the restructuring of certain industries; rapid growth in maintenance services, with revenues of $1.07 billion (+42.8 per cent) and revenues of 9.4 per cent (+1.3 pp), mainly as a result of the continuous increase in the number of terminals installed; and high growth in software operations,
Revenue of 174 million yuan (+124.85 per cent) is largely the result of continued intellectual empowerment and steady growth in the domestic market over the same period last year, with high-end products released rapidly. On the domestic market, with the policy catalytic effect of the liberalization of the configuration, the company’s high-end medical equipment is being released continuously, with the products pet/ct, pet/mr and xr using 2023.
The country is ranked first in terms of the value of new domestic markets, with ct, mr and rt products ranked first in the industry, with high- and medium-end and ultra-high-end products achieving rapid growth and significant breakthroughs, such as medium- and high-end and super-high-end ct growth, with over 400 new loaders.
On the international market, companies focus on a “nuclear multi-wing, high-strike, full-line” market strategy, continuously accelerating the flow of innovative products to the sea, strengthening marketing systems and service systems, and achieving significant results in internationalization strategies. The global product landscape has been rich, and 45 products have been made available by the end of 2023.
Certification, of which 16 products have been certified as mdr; 44 products have been registered through 51 fda510 (k) certifications, and companies have covered more than 65 countries and territories in Asia, the Americas, Europe, Oceania and Africa, and sales networks are expanding, with prospects for sustaining rapid growth in overseas operations in the future.
Figure 5: Foreign and domestic income from joint medical care, figure 6: Share of domestic and foreign income from joint medical care, percentage of income from end-of-life products, percentage of income from maintenance services, and Māori rates have remained largely stable.
Costs have all increased, mainly because companies have continued to deepen their technological and talent reserves, strengthen their marketing systems, and continuously improve core competitiveness.
For example, in 2023, a new generation of pet/mrupmr 890, a new generation of magnetic resonance umr 585e, long axle towards miipanoramags, utcatlasastound, etc.
Continue to advance several intellectually enabled products, including the uaifitechnology Magnetic Resonance Brain Platform, the uexceltechnology to create the Nuclectic Molecular Images Technology Platform, the ct 'sensetechnology Proactive Sensitivity Technology Platform, the dsa ' uvatechnology Smart Simulation Technology Platform and
All-in-onesolution one-stop therapy platform optimizes the all-product-line AI super-platforms to facilitate the evolution of medical devices into intelligent super-equipment.
Investment recommendations: In the context of industry consolidation, companies achieved faster growth in 2023 and demonstrated development resilience, with authors ensuring that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future