Two-wheel drive abroad, with several intellectual products leading to high-quality development, total operating income of $11.41 billion, an increase of 23.5 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother of $1.97 billion, with Don Ai King.
The company continues to strengthen its research and development capabilities along the industrial chain, the links of the innovation chain, and to advance comprehensively, including the uaifitechnology magnetic resonance brain platform, the uexceltechnology technological platform for "chip" molecular imagery, c. Usense
technology Proactive Technology Platform, uveratechnology Wisdom Simulation in dsa, technology platform and all-in-one-stop therapy platform, etc. Industrial intelligence super-platforms are optimized at multiple levels: hardware, software, applications, workflows, etc.
In the domestic market, companies have been admitted to more than 1,000 tri-a hospitals throughout the country, widely recognized by clinical institutions at all levels.
Pet/ct, pet/mr and xr products are ranked first in the industry in 2023 in terms of the amount added to the domestic market, ct, mr and rt products are also ranked first in the industry, and high- and medium-end and ultra-high-end products are growing rapidly and making important breakthroughs. In international markets, companies are already covering Asia, Asia, and Asia.
Over 65 countries and territories in the Americas, Europe, Oceania, and Africa. By the end of 2023, over 700 product registrations or quality management system certifications had been cumulatively obtained in 54 countries and territories within and outside the country, and 45 products had been certified in cce, of which 16 products had been certified in mdr;
44 products were approved for sale in the United States through 51 fda510 (k) registered certifications. In 2023, the company earned about $1.68 billion from operating abroad, up from 11.74 per cent in the same period the previous year.
\triangleright