High-end product acceleration, high-growth overseas operations, joint video medicine (688271) -- annual report 2023 and quarterly report 2024
In 2023, the company generated $9,927 million (+21.10 per cent) from the sale of medical imagery diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment, of which the cities of: 1c,406 million pet/ct and pet/mr were ranked first for several years in a row; 4xr,760 million (+32.83 per cent) was sold.
In volume 1,303 (+17.18 per cent), the diagnosing xr product was ranked first in the market; $5rt $270 million. The range of products in the field of radiotherapy is complete and is consistent with international manufacturers such as ge, Siemens, Philips, and so on. As of 2023, the company ' s products had been placed in more than 1,000 tri-a hospitals, the top 10 medical doctors in the country.
Overseas operations have continued to grow at a high rate, with further increases in global coverage. Companies have grown rapidly in the offshore areas in 2023. Corporate operations now cover more than 65 countries/areas in Asia, the Americas, Europe, Oceania, and Africa, with over 700 cumulative certificates and 45 product certifications (of which) in 54 countries/areas
16 through mdr) and European multinational medical and scientific institutions, 44 products were certified through 51 fda510 (k) and approved for sale in the United States (the full-line video equipment has covered over 50% of the United States state-level districts). In addition, the company accelerated its penetration into regional markets in Asia and the Pacific and emerging countries, bringing it from ultra-high to medium.
The coverage of high-end to economic video products, such as India’s market, has achieved over 100 build-up machines. In the future, with the acceleration of a new generation of product registrations and mentors, the improvement of a globalized marketing system, the company’s branding and competitive power in the international market is expected to increase further, and income is expected to grow at a very high rate.
In 2023, companies invested in research and development to capture their profits.
Growth is robust, and the global layout is a great leader. In addition, companies are increasingly deepening their production and research combinations, actively building a global innovation ecology and deeper solutions to the company's review — joint film medicine (688271): mrxr production.
Net interest rate: joint video medicine is the lead in the manufacture of nationally produced medical imagery equipment, with rich product lines and advanced products.
The product performance, which is expected to benefit fully from policies such as new medical infrastructure and large equipment upgrades, and the outlook for the overseas market, with long-term corporate growth dynamics. We expect the company to return to its net profit share in 2024-2026, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my remuneration was not in the past.
This report is provided to customers by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities). Galaxy securities need not be treated as customers by recipients for receiving this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.