Electronic/electronic manufacturing 688036.sh Telephone taps in gold emerging markets, expanding intelligent terminal brands at borders - first-time coverage of sound control
• The company is an excellent mobile phone and mobile interconnection service provider in overseas markets, a brand manufacturer of mobile phones and 3c products with Africa and Asia as the main market. It is mainly engaged in multi-brand smart terminal design, R & D, production, marketing and branding with mobile phones at its core.
A mobile Internet service for users by autonomously developing smart terminal operating systems and flow portals. • Diffusion strategies deepen African, South Asian markets, build brands and channel powerful moats.
The region is growing rapidly. Africa, South Asia and less than 50 per cent of the population are growing, while Africa, South Asia and others have a per capita income of less than $2.00, with the lowest/highest function per year:
Machines and low- and medium-end smart machines remain the dominant market, with Bangladesh accounting for 15.6% (second) and India 6.8% (fifth) of the total, as the functional machine shifts to smart machines and the penetration rate (first), and the company's three major mobile brands have been selected for the 100% list of the most popular African consumer brands.
Building a strong channel advantage, more than 2,000 distributors and companies around the world have worked closely together to build up more than 2,000 after-sales outlets, brands and channels that build powerful moats.
The company developed domestic electricity and 3c accessories based on the brand advantage of mobile products, and created matching brands syinix and oraimo, respectively. The idea of smart life opened the way for multi-brand and multi-product hard-food eco-development. In 2019, the electricity industry grew by more than 90% compared to the same rate.
As the economies of sub-Saharan Africa continue to grow, the future market for domestic electricity and accessories in Africa continues to expand, with new products giving companies a new space to grow. • Development of mobile interconnections and the creation of software and hardware ecosystems offer great potential for development
The company has customized three smart terminal operating systems based on android's secondary development. The company has successively developed mobile apps such as boomplay (music play), palmpay (move payment), vskit (short video) and bomplay-bit African music play software first.
The creation of software hardware ecology offers the company great potential for development.  Profit prediction, valuation, and rating The continent’s local operator channels have developed too quickly to dissipate the advantages of corporate distributors.
The corresponding figure is 38/31/26 times. 3) The first “recommended” rating is covered. 1) Mobile phones: the increase in revenue comes from three parts. 1. Natural growth in the population of Africa and South Asia has led to an expansion of the consumer population.
Large; 2. The replacement of a smart machine with a functional machine, which is the biggest driver of the growth in mobile phone collection and the increase in the Māori rate of sales; 3. The increase in the share of the sound market. Assuming that the share of African smartphones increases and is limited to a 4g network, the rate for smart machines is $431 per unit, the cost of a function is $61, assuming that with 4g mobile phones and even 5g mobile phones take up Piti.
This resulted in an increase in the unit price of mobile phones to $432 in 2020 and $440 and 460 in 2021, respectively, while the functional machine was stabilized by the assumption that the Māori ratio of household electricity and spare parts operations was 27% compared to the Māori rate of other major operations. On the other side, the Māori rate was assumed to be equal to the lower Māori rate of other operations reported in the annual report to be 18%.
Part of the market considers corporate products to be too low-end and less profitable to use in Africa. In fact, corporate products are rich, ranging from mid-to-high-end products scheduled for the middle class to low-cost products that are civilianized, with the African Net.
The penetration rate of smart machines is gradually increasing. The average Māori ratio of corporate products is over 25%, benefiting from the company’s rich product system and excellent supply chain management capacity. 2) Some markets see sound transmissions as successful in Africa, based on home-grown positioning of cellular products like video.
We believe that the reason why sound is so high in Africa is based on its own confluence of alpha factors: fine localization of products, sinking of access to the terminal, open shared corporate culture, excellent supply chain management, expansion of hardware products and brands, building of hardware and hardware ecology, etc.
Africa is less affected by the epidemic, growing markets, and mobile phone demand remains strong; from the supply side, the main production for sound transmission is home, and good outbreak control in China has caused early recovery without affecting capacity. Consumer e-demand recovery has fallen short of expectations; smart hardware penetration is not as fast as expected; and local operators in Africa have been able to do so.
The company’s income history and profit projections, 1, Voice Holdings: The King of Africa’s Mobile Phones.
Audio Holdings is a mobile phone and 3c product company with Africa and Asia as major markets. The company mainly works on multi-brand smart terminals designed, developed, produced, marketed and branded with mobile phones at its core.
The brands include tecno, itel and infinix, and are based on autonomously developed smart terminal operating systems and flow portals, creating digital accessories brands oraimo, home appliances brands syinix, and after-sales brands Carlcare, which provide mobile Internet services to users. The marketing areas are concentrated in Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East and the South.
New global market countries such as the United States, where, according to corporate statistics, 2020q1 was ranked first in Africa, Bangladesh, Pakistan, with 52.5 per cent, 19.7 per cent, and 33.9 per cent respectively, created a home brand syinix in Indian markets in 2017, and the company ' s mobile phone sales ranked fourth globally in 2018.
In 2019, audio holdings were listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and in 2020, they were placed on the e-information list “China Brand Value Evaluation Information Release”.
The sound control units have set up autonomous research and development centres in Shanghai and Shenzhen, focusing mainly on hardware, software, and mobile Internet development for mobile products.
In the fields of artificial intelligent voice recognition and visual perception, dark-skinned photo algorithms, smart charge and ultra-supplier power, cloud system software, smart data engines, 5g communications, etc., a large number of scientific and technological innovation studies have been carried out in line with local user habits.
According to company 2020q1, the company’s largest shareholder is Shenzhen City Voice Investment Limited, with a 51.05% share share.
Jiang is the real controller, holding at least 13.52 per cent of the company ' s shares through the stockholdings. Figure 4: Sounded and controlled equity structures with a large number of subsidiaries and a clear division of labour.
Purchases, production, sales, technology research and development, after-sales and market services, property and trademarks are mainly the responsibility of Hong Kong subsidiaries; technology research and development is the primary responsibility of domestic subsidiaries; production is the primary responsibility of domestic and domestic subsidiaries in India, Ethiopia, Bangladesh; and property holdings, after-sales and markets.
Services are mainly the responsibility of foreign affiliates, and the company ' s operating income is good and growing. Between 2016 and 2019, sound-control revenues were $11,637 million, $20,44 million, $22,646 million and $25,346 million, respectively.
In terms of net profits, the net profit from deductions has grown steadily and at a faster rate. Of these, the net profit from deductions has been $558 million, 629 million and 1,224 million, respectively, for 2016-2018. In 2019, companies achieved a business spread overseas, with full efforts to expand emerging markets in Asia and Africa.
The pattern has always been strong competitiveness in African markets and growing in Asian markets. Corporate-owned revenues have come mainly from African markets, with revenues from African markets amounting to $9.606 billion and $15.558 billion, respectively, building on the development of African markets, increasing the expansion of Asian markets such as India, and other regions such as Asia.
In combination with demand in Africa, Asian markets, and population growth, companies will continue to have a strong consumer market and development space in Asia and Africa for many years to come. The companies are fully engaged in cellular business, with a huge share of mobile income.
Given that Africa is the largest market for companies, with rapid population growth and growing market ownership of smartphones, it is estimated that mobile phones will continue to account for the company’s main revenues in the future. 27.36% of the year.
The expansion and development of mobile phones has increased the Māori rate of company phones from 24.72% in 2018 to 27.68%, which is relatively higher than the functional rate of smartphones. But the Māori rate of other businesses has declined significantly, from 20182, deep-ploughing markets in Africa, South Asia, and the creation of brands and powerful channels to protect the city.
2.1. The global mobile market is saturated, but emerging markets still have the opportunity to enter the global mobile phone age. On the functional side, the counterpoint data show that global output in 2019 was 375 million, a drop of 105 million from 2018, a decline of over 20%, and a drop of 2020q1.
Global development is uneven, and structural opportunities remain. According to data from pewrench 2018, average smartphone penetration in developed countries is 76%, functional penetration is 17%, and overall penetration is 93%.
In developing countries, such as Indonesia, smartphone penetration is less than 50%, functional penetration is about 30%, and 22% remain without mobile phones. While global smartphone growth is weak, developing countries are still in the window of functional penetration and smart penetration due to uneven development of countries.
In terms of volume, emerging-market countries still have more than 20% of the population with no mobile phones, and in the future, companies will be the world’s champions of functional machines as cellular penetration rises (2020q1 as a whole).
In addition, smartphones in emerging market countries account for about 30 percentage points compared to those in advanced countries that are lagging behind, and are expected to replicate the development trajectory of developed countries and upgrade their smart hands/sectors, steadily increasing. We believe that companies are plowing into emerging market countries, with their cellular penetration rates.
Upgrade, and shift from a functional to a smart machine, is expected to increase corporate performance in the future. 2.2, companies plow in emerging markets, with differentiated strategies covering the local mainstream population, and companies plow in emerging markets represented by Africa.
The annual average of 0.64 per capita rose to 1.14 in 2019, with a capr of 6.64 per cent. After 2014, there was a per capita retention trend, domestic branding was seeking to increase, companies were plowing into African markets while expanding to emerging market countries such as India and Bangladesh.
With 0.33 holdings per capita, a total of 0.61, about the same level as the country in 2010. Companies go out to seek differentiated competition, with a steady increase in the share of cities. Counterpoint data show that companies have the highest (itel+tecno) share in mea (the Middle East and Africa), rising from 31 per cent in 2017 to 55 per cent of 2020q1.
Unlike the three brands, the different marketing strategies cover the mainstream population. In mobile phone business, companies currently have three brands: tecno, itel, and infinix, both of which contain smart machines and functional machines.
Positioning of local middle-class consumers, who locate local consumers at the grass-roots level and value-oriented users, infinix are smart machines, fashion technology, and target consumers are local young consumers.
The average price per unit is about 40%, followed by the infinix, which accounts for nearly 20%, and the itel, which accounts for about 17.5% of the market. In the functional sector, the rate is about 6:4. The average price of a single machine, 2019h1, is steady and drops, the average price of the infinix is highest, nearly 600 yuan/ministry, and the average price of tecno is about 500 yuan/m.
The average infinix price, which corresponds to the company’s market location, is generally stable, with the average price of tecno at approximately $77/ministry, and the average price of the intel machine at approximately $54-60/ministry in recent years. The company’s share of autonomous production has increased, mainly through sales by distributors.
In the first half of 2019, the company owned nearly 60% of the production. The company’s own factories include the domestic Tehino, Chongqing, and the Ethiopian-based Transsion manufacturingplc, the Indian-based Transsionindiaprivatemited and the Bangladeshi-based.
Carlcareetechnologybdimited, 2019h1, with a combined capacity of 30,641.5 million. From the channels, the company’s distribution pattern is dominated by distribution patterns, which are stable at more than 95%.
2.3. Three major moats have been successful in Africa. 2.3.1. Price support maintains market share. 48.5 per cent of the year's market share is in Africa, with 26.53 million smart machines sold.
The market share is expected to be over 50% in 2019. One of the reasons for the high market share of sound cell phones is their higher value: (1) the market share of the company ' s functional machines is over 50%, and the value of the value of the value of the company is significantly higher.
A total of 67.9 million outlets, with a market share of 53.5 per cent, have been sold at an average cost of $12. According to idc, the main players in the machine are three stars, hmd, with an average market price of $16 and $24, which is far above sound transmission.
(2) The market share of corporate smart machines is over 30%, and the average price of smart machines is much lower than that of competing markets. In 2018, sound smart phones sold in Africa to a total of 2.653 million, with a market share of 34.3%, and sound smart machines valued at $63. The market for smartphones in Africa is highly competitive, with major competitions coming from a system under the Three Star flag.
The average market value of two smart machines is $140 and $190. By contrast, the price advantage of a sounding smart machine is even more pronounced.
African market sales of mobile phones are split by product type (ten thousand), 2.3.2, company-plus R & D, localization of operations to address client distress points, and company-plus R & D to enhance the continuous innovation capacity of firms.
The construction of staircases, the increase in the number of R & D personnel, and the increase in R & D costs of companies from 385 million yuan in 2016 to 2019, have developed a series of projects for local markets in Africa, such as dark-skinned photo system solutions, dark-skinned-face recognition algorithms, dark-skinned intelligent beauty technology, etc.
To address the need for African consumers to take photographs, a special team was set up to collect photographs of locals, analyze the profile of the face, exposure compensation, imaging effects, etc., and to develop a photo technique based on the eyes and teeth to locate the focus, which allows African users to display healthy coffee color under the lens.
In addition to the use of tecno mobile phones by African consumers for self-taping, sound transmissions have increased battery capacity, introduced super-long waiting phones, and removed the barriers posed by the difficulty of charging electricity in parts of Africa; high temperatures in Africa make mobile phone users more prone to sweat, affecting mobile phone use and the ability to use mobile phones.
This series of technology research and development matches the needs of African consumers, addressing the consumption pains of the groups concerned and gaining local consumer approval.
2.3.3 Operations and channels are key to the company ' s ability to remain competitive. Corporate channels and post-sale localization. Between 2016 and the first half of 2019, the number of sales workers in the company was 34.48 per cent and 33.15 per cent, while the share of sales workers continued to decline as a result of the company ' s gradual development from offline sales channels.
By June 2019, the company ' s 360 distributors in Africa, 99 of whom signed in 2016; 55 signed in the first half of 2019; they accounted for 64.45 per cent, 12.40 per cent, 12.26 per cent, 8.35 per cent, and 2.35 per cent of the region ' s income respectively. The company ' s post-sale service brand carlcare is worldwide and owned.
More than 30 after-sales services companies and more than 2,000 after-sales services outlets account for half of the total workforce.
This indicates that companies have achieved high local penetration in each of their operations and production links in African markets, with strong local market competition qualifications.
2.4. The replication experience expands to emerging market countries such as India and Bangladesh, opening up incremental space where there is still much room for growth and strong growth in the Indian mobile phone market. In terms of incremental growth, per capita capacity in India remains significant.
The rate of penetration of the Indian mobile phone market has begun to slow down, as per the rapid penetration in 2013-2015. In 2017, the volume of Indian mobile phone shipments was about 289 million and the amount of smart machine exports was 122 million, with a penetration rate of 42.2 per cent.
India’s growth has been faster. India’s growth rate of gdp has remained constant at between 5 and 6 per cent in the last decade, and India has maintained high levels of growth in the major emerging economies. In 2018, India’s gdp was as large as $1.04 trillion, with household consumption accounting for more than half of the gdp and its share of the gdp at 40 per cent in South-East Asia.
The rejuvenation of the population structure and the growth of the gdp, which continues at around 5%, have given rise to tremendous dynamism in India’s economic growth. And the rejuvenation of the market structure, which has favoured mobile markets, has led to a steady increase in sales in India.
A fixed growth, in which the total number of functional machines has declined, and the total number of smart machines is rising rapidly, mainly from the macro, where the market environment is undergoing a period of structural upgrading in the transition from a functional to a smart machine. In general, firms have seized on the opportunities for transformation as a whole, and the company’s mobile phone sales in India and elsewhere have been growing steadily.
The company has a leading share in the Indian market. Overall, the company held 6.8 per cent of the Indian mobile market, ranking fifth. In the functional market, 21 per cent of the niche market was ranked first. Companies, in combination with their advantages, avoided the most competitive positions in order to raise their brand profile.
Indian markets are similar to those in Africa, and have strong growth dynamics. With deep-skinned photo technology, hardware, new material applications innovation, big data user behavior analysis, and o systems and mobile Internet services, companies are actively opening up Indian markets.
In June 2019, there were 2038 co-distributors in India, and companies established their own factories in India to respond quickly to urban demand. The company’s after-sales brand, Carlcare, became Africa’s largest electronic and home-based product service programme solver, and professional teams provided strong leverage for companies to consolidate and raise their share of emerging markets.
2.4.2. Bangladesh’s mobile phone market is warming, and the company is expected to benefit from the coverage of the 4g network 3420, 2843 and 29.6 million mobile phones, respectively, with a functional ratio that has remained at about 76%. After a low market of mobile phones in 2018, Bangladesh’s mobile phone market resumed positive growth in 2019.
This represents an increase of 4.1 per cent over the same year, with 22.7 million functional machine exits, an annual growth rate of 4.9 per cent; and an increase of 1.9 per cent over the same year of 6.9 million smart machine exits, with a 15.6 per cent annual market share in Bangladesh, which ranks second.
With full coverage of the 4g network, the market share of sound-held smarts is expected to increase. On the one hand, although the state of Mumbai officially launched its 4g service in 2017, its 4g network still has limited coverage and poor quality, and 3g is sold at less than half the price of 4g mobile phones, resulting in a large number of users being reluctant to upgrade it.
4g mobile phones. With the upgrade of 4g services and even the layout of the 5g network, Bangladesh's smart market is expected to rise into larger growth space. On the other hand, audio holdings benefit from high-value and excellent channel management, deep-deep low-end smart markets, with 940,000 smart machines coming out in 2019, an increase of 14.3 per cent over the same period, with market share reaching 14.3 per cent.
13.5%, ranked third, and the company brand "tecno" grew 75.5% in 2019, with a very high market profile. With the full coverage of the 4g network, we believe that the market for sound-held smarts in front of low-end markets3 and the development of household electricity and accessories benefit from a broad population base in Africa.
3.1. Africa ' s population base is large, the domestic electricity market is still in its infancy, with over 1.2 billion people in Africa, and the electricity market has enormous potential. According to the Population List, Africa ' s total population stood at 1,286 million as of July 2020.
According to London Digital Television Research Ltd., by 2020, sub-Saharan African television had only 38.4 per cent household penetration. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, in 2018, refrigerator penetration in the Middle East and Africa was only 50.6 per cent, well below the global average of 75.8 per cent, and below the prevalence rate of more than 90 per cent in developed regions.
According to ihsmarkit, per capita gdp in sub-Saharan Africa grew by 19.1% between 2010 and 2017, while per capita disposable income in the region grew by 25.5% in the seven years. In short, with Africa’s rising per capita income and increased consumption capacity, there is scope for increasing household power and spare parts coverage in Africa.
Per capita electricity use is low in Africa, or one of the factors limiting household electricity penetration. According to the indexmundi website, the country with the highest per capita electricity consumption in Africa in 2018 was South Africa, reaching 3740 kWh/persons, followed by North Africa, where 1,000-2000 kWh/persons were generally used, while most sub-Saharan African countries had per capita access.
Electricity is below 500 kWh/person, which is a big difference from 3,300 kWh/person per capita in 2017. African countries use electricity.
Local manufacturers have the capacity to produce refrigerators, televisions, etc., but most countries depend on imported electricity. For imported brands, South Korea’s tristars, logs, occupy a higher ecological position, while the home-grown Heir, Chunran, and Chi-Hung are higher in mainstream consumer prices and have entered the African market earlier.
The high profile of brands in African markets has begun to expand to home appliances and accessories and to provide new and emerging forces in African domestic electricity markets. 3.2. Sounding is driven by smart hardware ecology, multi-brand multi-product strategy works well, thinking of smart life, and sounding opens the way to multi-brand + multi-product development.
The card has a low-grade three-stage positioning of syinix as a middle-end home brand, anteel as an entry-level home brand, and an infinix as a smart home experience of “fashion technology” for young users. Figure 39: Syinix's main product
The proprietor power business is now relatively small, but growing rapidly. As the household power business is in its early stages, the overall collection is smaller, but at a higher rate, with a 90% increase in the year 2019. From the company’s own strategic position, the company plans to focus on the future development of television classes, because of the company’s mobile phones in the African market.
High occupancy rates, linked to television by mobile phones, allow large-scale expansion of the number of devices connected to smart households. In addition, sound distributions are available in such areas as smart bracelets, vr, and it is expected that mobile-centred audio-smart ecology will be expanded in the future.
Mobile interconnections at high capacity, with great potential for developing sound-control units in the Internet, are divided mainly into tool-type applications based on home-based mobile phone os, and stand-alone apps operating in Africa and South Asia.
4.1. The infrastructure for Internet value-added services of the os system is the operating system (operatingsystem), a computer program that manages and controls computer hardware and software resources.
The mobile operating system (mobileos), a specially designed operating system developed on the basis of the embedded operating system, can provide a unified interface and a good interface for users to use mobile phones, as well as a platform for the extension of cellular functionality, the installation and operation of third-party software.
The main mobile operating systems on the market are adroid, ios, kaios, etc., which include a large number of mobile operating systems, such as smartisanos and miui, tailored to the depth of the android.
The company, as an intelligent end product and mobile interconnection service provider, while upgrading its user hardware experience, undertook a secondary autonomous R & D development based on the Android system platform, customizing three smart terminal operating systems: hios, itelos and xos, and developing application shops, game platforms, advertising points around the Os operating system
Tools and software, such as e-mail and mobile phone housekeepers, promote the development of value-added services on the Internet and expand the scope for profit. The main application of ISPs under the audio-control flag is itel, which seeks to provide cost-friendly mobile communication technologies and popularization technologies to consumers using mobile products for the first time.
Access to technology and access to the interconnected world. The operating system of the current itel is basically based on android 9.0pie (goedion), which can run smoothly on the entry brand, itel.
Consumers bring high-value mobile phone products, providing them with smart machines, tablets, and functional machines for integration into local innovation, depending on the needs of emerging market consumers.
Figure 40: Hios gesture navigation xos is mainly used for high-end Internet phone brands for young consumers, infinix, which aims to bring the most cutting edge technology, bold and fashionable designs to consumers by introducing zero, note, s,
The latest Xos 6.1 is also consistent with the needs of young consumers, with the introduction of 4.1.2, the volume of heavy loads that produce the OS system at the high-market rate, and the high-market rate of mobile products, which drives the customization of the OS system. According to idc statistics, sound control is widely available.
In recent years, smartphones have been growing in volume and market ownership, reaching 38.66 million in 2018, with 2.75 per cent in global markets and 9th in ranking, while soundphones are equipped with smart cellular os systems that are corresponding to the top 10 shares of global markets. This compares with 1.7150,000 in 2016.
In 2018, the volume of merchandise increased by 125.4 per cent, and the market share increased by 1.58 percentage points. In the functional area, sound control held a clear advantage. From 2016 to 2018, companies ranked first in terms of global output of mobile phones, with market holdings of 12.12 per cent, 19.62 per cent, 19.47 per cent, etc.
As a result, the os and heos operating systems also occupy the head of the global market for functional operating systems. High-market occupancy brings large loads to the os system. The os system preloads when a cell phone goes out of the factory, so cellular sales are theoretically equal to the capacity of the os system.
There are a lot of Os end-users. It can be found that the sound holding shares, both in the smart and functional fields, account for the top ten shipments and market shares, and thus the sounding o is objectively one of the global mainstream os. The future will follow the spread of mobile Internet infrastructure in Africa, depending on the commercial value of the Internet value-added services in Toos.
4.2, stand-alone app business or a new development opportunity for audio shares, which, in addition to growing in the traditional mobile phone market, are also working to open up the blue sea market for Internet products.
The company collaborates with domestic Internet giants, such as Internet-friendly, on a number of seaboard strategies, involving games, short videos, content convergences and other applications, actively developing and incubating mobile Internet products. The company is independent, under-country products have high brand credibility, and the company collaborates to develop multiple independent apps, including vskit, boomplay, etc.
Short videos, mobile payments, online music, online novels, etc., a variety of Internet services. 4.2.1, vskit: Building Africa Short Video App Pioneer vskit is a short video platform created by a joint venture, co-founder of audio-control and web-friendly companies, and is a short video platform created by the Easy Group.
There are currently 26 million active users in Africa in March 2018. Users can shoot and upload to vskit short video content within 15 seconds.
A feature video. Top7 in the social short video entertainment class app ranking in the third quarter of 2019, with the cost of localizing operations lower due to higher market ownership of company hardware and faster flow of vskit in case of accelerated penetration of short video applications.
The field of short video competition is highly competitive, and vskit takes time to break out. Tiktok (twitching) enters the African market late, takes up the market share of short video from Africa by means of strong marketing, and then becomes China’s latecomer to the African short video market, once over the vskit, becoming a powerful enemy.
While the short video consists of the main mode of realization, such as live feeds, electric power providers, content payments, branding collaboration, and platform-wide outreach, Vskit continues to be based on the accumulation of users and flows in the African market and will later build the local mcn ecology (multi-channel) through collaboration with the local kol (keyopingleader key opinion leader) in Africa.
In 2015, the voice-held tecnoboomj7 phone launched a pre-enacted music player, and in the end, it's a little bit more than a little bit more than a little bit more than a little bit more than a little bit more than a little bit more than a little bit more than a little bit more.
Following a global orthodox music and video downloading service for African users, Boomplay announced copyright collaboration with three global record companies, Global Music, Warner Music, Sony Music and Merlinnetwork, the world ' s largest independent music distributor.
Boomplay currently activates 72 million users, more than 20 million rights to songs, nearly 85% rights to local music in Africa, 3 billion times a month, and stands on Africa’s largest mobile media platform market. The key to the music market in Africa is the great love of indigenous music culture among Africans.
From 2019 to 2020, phase q1, Boompaly was once the best option for young people in Africa to listen to music, and according to the most recent data, Boomplay's weekly use was ranked first in the top 10 music software ranking. In the fourth quarter of 2019, Boompalay's weekly openings were 21.2 times per person per week, per person per week.
Both used 35.26 minutes and in the first quarter of 2020, although the weekly activity rate was not the highest, the weekly per capita openings were 21.6 times per week, 40.78 minutes per week per person per week, far ahead of other types of music software, and Boomplay built a strong customer sticky, with a traffic of music-loving users, which is expected to be
Localized product positioning drives Boomplay to become an old music app-type player. Boomplay continues its brand-based features, with clear product positioning and global layout.
Content-driven: Boomplay specializes in creating local African music libraries for African users, digging deep into the needs of African users, and continues to transcend foreign music-flowing media platforms such as Spotify. Foreground-driven: music is a very high-profile category in Africa, regardless of whether Africa is economically growing.
Potential, or c-end willingness to consume music, is promising. Hardware support: boomplay applies to mobile applications in androids and ios that can meet user needs on a broader smartphone.
Brand promotion: Boomplay takes advantage of international growth opportunities, especially by promoting its own products to Africans who migrate to other parts of the world and continue to listen to African music. Strategic layout: Boomplay aims to widen the scope of content copyright layout and to focus on the depth of copyright reserves
4.2.3, palpay: The 4g penetration of mobile payments in Africa is rising, and the sub-Saharan area of mobile payments is worth digging.
Africa has always been one of the least developed regions in the world, especially sub-Saharan Africa. According to gsma, sub-Saharan Africa is projected to be the fastest growing region in terms of the number of mobile users as network facilities continue to improve.
By 2018, overall network coverage in sub-Saharan Africa had improved by 59 per cent, 3g by 35 per cent, and 4g by 6 per cent. The network was the most basic hardware condition for mobile payments, projected for 2025.
The overall level of infrastructure development in the region will increase significantly, with 3g and 4g network coverage of 59% and 24%, respectively, with 5g landing, or 3%. The 4g penetration rate will bring new development markets to Africa in the area of mobile payments.
Africa’s mobile payments are gaining momentum, bringing together players from all walks of life. Palpay, a more mature African mobile payer company, currently operates mainly in Ghana, with services such as electronic payments, transfer of remittances, cellular phone charges and flow charges, hydroelectric coal, and cable television fees.
Tecno, with $40 million in funding, will pre-load palmpayapp every year from 2020 on 20 million mobile phones. At present, palpay has been licensed to three countries – Nigeria, Tanzania, Ghana – for a commercial trial phase, and is still applying to seven countries for a licence to pay a licence to operate in four countries.
Traditional stereotypes differ, with Africa being the first leading area in global mobile payments development. M-pesa was first born in Kenya, but has not developed a monopoly since then, m-pesa operations were blocked in 2016, and Africa’s mobile payments market has seen a new turn.
In addition to financing transactions with tecno, under the banner of sound control, palpay will work with VISA to provide visa financial products to users of palmay mobile wallets. Palpay will also plan to integrate more than 100,000 businesses that support visa payments, thus improving its lines.
To date, Africa has not yet developed a clear monopoly market in the area of mobile payments, where mobile payment companies such as mfsafrica, flutterwave, interswitch, m-pesa are digging. Mobile payments are a hot track for investment in Africa, and although the head has become apparent, it is not yet clear who is left behind.
Figure 44: Competition patterns of mobile payments in Africa. Sounded competitive advantages are clear, and the area of mobile payments is open for future periods. The more central areas of Africa’s development have developed more sophisticated hardware and software facilities to cover their needs.
In 2018, the adult population of the three regions reached 67 million, 110 million and 64 million respectively, of which the adult population had 32.8 per cent, 39.7 per cent and 34.8 per cent of the mobile accounts, mobile payments had gradually become one of the ways of paying for the consumption of young people, and mobile payments in Africa’s core areas were better than expected.
The market is a leader and has a certain stock user and flow advantage and is expected to move forward in mobile payment operations in the future. 4.2.4, ficool: working with the readings into the African online novel market. In June 2019, audio control units entered into a partnership with the Web Literary Platform Reading Group, which will be launched in Africa.
Newly read app "ficool." Africa was a colony, with English and French as its main language, and it launched almost 30,000 English-language works in its first edition. Ficool is mainly pre-positioned on a full-brand series of mobile phones sold in Africa by audio-control units. Digital reading in Africa is still in its initial stages, with audio-controlled shares ploughing deep into Africa for many years.
Localized resources are available, as well as the advantages of online reading by the Reading Group, which is expected to operate online. A follow-up company will operate through the recruitment of localized management teams, with unlimited market space for online versions in other local languages, as well as original content from the site.
5.1. The net profit from net revenue continues to grow steadily, and the stock turnover rate has yet to rise by billions of yuan, rising to 25,346 million yuan in 2019, and capr to 29.63 per cent. In terms of net profits, 1q20 achieves a single season in which the net profit is steadily increased and increases faster.
In 2019, the company achieved a net profit of 1,553 million yuan, an increase of 26.84 per cent. In 2016, the company ' s voice-held stock was in the middle of the industry. Starting in 2016, the company ' s stock turnover rate was highest.
By 2018, 8.45 times. The indicator fell back in 19 and was close to the level of small rice and tristar electronics in the same industry, but well below Apple’s turnover level. Because of the rapid renewal of the main stockholdings, the stronger stock turnover is the guarantee of firm stability.
5.2. Corporate profitability has continued to increase, cash flows have grown robustly, and since 2017, the share of this sector of business income has stabilized at over 90 per cent, and the strategic layout of the company ' s mobile phone operations determines the company ' s ability to develop over the long term.
For mobile sellers, the company’s Māori ratio is highly influenced by product positioning. Sounding shares are focused on low-end mobile markets, with products mainly sold to countries such as Africa, South-East Asia, where Māori rates are lower than Apple and Samsung, which do high-end products and operate Internet or semiconductor businesses.
In 2016-2019, the cash flow of companies grew steadily, from 622 million yuan in 16 years to 4,041 million yuan in 19 years.
The company ' s share of the advance payments fell to 1.70 per cent in 2019, while the company ' s revenue through its distributors was 5.3, cost rates were well regulated, R & D expenditure was rising at 9.95 per cent, 11.28 per cent and 10.45 per cent, respectively, and higher sales costs were spent on the company ' s African market.
The R & D rate has increased continuously since the break-out of 5% in 2017, and the competitive advantage of corporate products has been strengthened.
The revenue from sound control is composed of four components: mobile phones, home appliances and accessories, oss and interconnectivity.
Internet services and others. The current operating income is mainly from cellular operations, with 93 per cent of the total in 2019, which can be divided into smart machines and functional machines by type of product, with major markets in Africa and South Asia, with cellular revenues concentrated mainly in Africa in 2019.
Mobile phones: Growth in harvests comes from three parts. 1. Natural growth in populations in Africa and South Asia has led to an expansion of consumption clusters; 2. Introduction of smart machines to functional machines, which is the most powerful driver of growth in cellular harvests and Māori sales; 3. Increase in the market share of sound transmissions.
43%, 46%, 47%. According to the calculations, the unit cost of the sounding smart machine was $431 in 2019 and the power machine was $61, assuming that with the increase in the ratio of 4g to 5g mobile phones, the price of the cellular unit rose to $432 in 2020 and $440 and 460 in 2021, respectively, and the functional machine was operated by
Household electricity and accessories: on the revenue side, assuming a slightly higher growth in household electricity and spare parts in the same year in 2020 than the Māori rate, assuming a stable Māori rate for household electricity and spare parts operations and other major operations, o and Internet services: on the consumption of O and Internet services in 2020 and the continuation of Māori rates
In terms of interest rates, assuming that the other business Māori rate is equal to the lower Māori rate of other business in the annual report, among the listed companies, comparable companies are mainly the Apple Company, which has more voice in high-end markets, and the Andre Producer Mi Group, which has more value for money, and given the differences between the company and the product location and service areas of the two companies, I am
The relative comparison between pe and pegs, the level of the company's market gain over the next two years is similar to that of two companies, considering that the company's growth characteristics in Africa, South Asia, etc., will increase at a higher rate in the future, and taking into account the valuation premium of the company against the Hong Kong and United States shares, which we consider to be large from the growth and valuation point of view of the company's current stock prices.
Sound holding as an e-consumption conglomerate in African and South African markets has benefited from an increase in cellular penetration and a 37x valuation, which corresponds to a company’s reasonable value of $126/stock, which is covered for the first time with a “recommended” rating.
Consumer electronic demand has recovered less than expected; intelligent hardware penetration is less than expected; and local African operators canals have developed too quickly to dissipate the advantages of corporate distributors.