The research assistant Wang Sunnan has collected 29.63 per cent of cagr over the last four years, highlighting business and management capacity: the company is predominantly mobile.
Camp operations, coupled with the creation of digital accessories brands oraimo, home appliances brands svinix, and after-sale service brands carlcare, actively implement diversified strategic layouts. Technology innovation is strengthened, technological upgrading is promoted, and the results of autonomous research and development include smart terminals such as hios, itelos and Xos.
Operating systems. In 2019, company-wide branded mobile phones delivered 137 million items, the fourth largest worldwide volume,  population dividend + communications upgrade + economic growth releasing market growth and booster cellular operations at a very high cost: the global mobile phone market benefits from upgrading communications technology, and mobile phones are now being replaced.
With the rapid growth of the population of emerging markets and the relative rejuvenation of the population structure, the capacity of mobile phones in emerging markets is expected to expand further, with the demographic dividend increasing; the dollar is rising to $2127. In addition, communications technology is being upgraded and infrastructure is improving.
According to gsma, sub-Saharan Africa's 4g connection rate is projected to rise from 10% to 27% and 5g to 3% in 2019-2025. The 4g connection rate in India will increase from 39% to the Division's role as a mobile leader for emerging markets, gradually optimizing product structures, actively opening up emerging markets,
The dynamic growth drive of the market and the continued high growth of the market.  The diversity of the business was fully developed, and the Internet was on the horizon: in 2019, the company’s digital appliance brand oraimo took the lead in the African market; and the company’s post-sales brand carlcare
Over 2,000 service sites have been set up worldwide. In mobile Internet, audio holdings are one of Africa's three major traffic portals, and the OS system of the flag cell phone has become a mainstream operating system in major emerging markets, such as Africa, and will be realized through software distribution, advertising, games distribution, etc.
The future is expected to multiply.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: emerging-market cellular numbers are rising, companies are leading the emerging-market cell phones, and revenue is expected to continue to grow at a high rate; other diversified business of the company will also optimize the winding-up.
The growth space for emerging market cellular operations and the full spread of new operations, covering for the first time, gave exchange rate risk; 4) labour cost increases; 5) macroeconomic volatility.
1.1. The King of Africa ' s mobile phones is centred on cellular operations. The company was established in 2013 and was listed on 30 September 2019 and is mainly engaged in the design, development, production, marketing and branding of smart terminals with mobile phones as their core, including functional and smart machines, mainly.
The products are three major brands: tecno, itel, and infinix. The marketing regions are concentrated in emerging global markets such as Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, Central East and South America. In 2019, corporate cellular output was 137 million, with a global market share of 8.1%, according to idc, ranking fourth; Africa’s market share was 52.5%, ranking first; and India’s market share.
6.8%, ranking fifth; 15.6%, ranking second in Bangladesh; active implementation of diversified layouts. Digital accessories brands oraimo, household appliances brand syinix, and after-sale services brand carlcare were created in emerging markets; in addition, autonomous research and development of smart endings such as hios, itelos and Xos
Companies have acquired a total of 630 patents on state intellectual property rights in China, of which 97, or 15 per cent, are patents on inventions, 385, or 61 per cent, are patents on practical and new types of patents, and 148, or 24 per cent, are patents on design. In terms of copyrights for software, audio-sounding and its controlled subsidiaries have a total of 355 patents, of which 286 are copyrights on computer software.
Production and operation of 69 core software-related copyrights. 171 new software copyrights in 2019, 164 new authorized patents, including 120 patents for inventions, representing as much as 73 per cent of new authorized patents. R & D personnel account for a larger share and R & D spending is increasing.
Over the years, the company has developed a core workforce. By the end of 2019, the total number of employees stood at 1,568, or 9.84%; the financial staff stood at 263, or 1.65%; the administrative staff stood at 2,523, or a clear equity structure.
The company, which directly holds 51.05 per cent of the company's shares, and the second largest shareholder, the equity investment fund, which is owned by the Shenzhen City Exhibition Information Technology Ltd., Efuto Technology Ltd., Huixiang City, and Xin Zhitaku City Ltd., which has a total of 15 wholly-owned subsidiaries.
The cost of the period was relatively low, with Māori rates and net interest rates on the whole rising. In 2019, the company ' s combined four-fee ratio was one.) The company ' s business grew well and continued to grow in size; (2) the company ' s Māori level of mobile phone operations in India improved; and (3) the income ratio of the African region, which had a high Māori rate, rose.
2. Emerging markets release incremental dividends, and competitive advantages are transplanted to compete for stock markets. The global mobile phone market is growing steadily. The global mobile phone market is currently maintaining a steady growth trend as a result of successive shifts in communications technology and the upgrading of mobile phone parts and components.
According to the report, the global volume of mobile phones (smart + functional) increased from 1,718 million to 1,834 million in 2011 - 2011 and 0.82 per cent for cagr; in 2011 - 2011, the market size increased from $30.49 billion to $50.21 billion, and the cagr was slightly less affected by the epidemic than the positive trend in the market.
Data for analytics show that global smart machines reached 1,371 million in 2019, accounting for 74.75 per cent of global cellular traffic. In 2018, sales amounted to $48.6 billion, representing 98.20 per cent of global shipments, and the prevalence of smart machines increased further.
The future market for smart machines is expected to expand, with a further increase in penetration. Market concentration is high. Global mobile phone markets accounted for 52.59 per cent of sales in 2018 compared to the top five (17.14 per cent), zirconium (11.04 per cent), China (10.89 per cent), audio holdings (7.04 per cent), millet (6.48 per cent) and cr5.
The market is more concentrated, leading the leading firms, with Samsung out far ahead of others in 2018, with 324 million shipments, apples and China alike, and around 200 million shipments, followed by sound and millet, with more than 100 million deliveries.
The oligarchic situation is conducive to avoiding low-level price competition in the industry, promoting a rising level of technology in the industry, and ensuring rapid growth in the health of the industry. In 2019, company mobile phone sales stood at 137 million, representing 8.1 per cent of the global market and leading the industry. In the smart market, the share of output was three stars (21.6 per cent).
In China (17.6%), apples (13.9%), millet (9.2%), oppo (8.3%), cr5 70.6%), the market is similarly highly concentrated, with major manufacturers monopolizing most of the smart market. In 2019, companies held 3.1% of the global smart market, ranking seventh in ranking, two times higher.
Figure 13: Global cellular market patterns, 2018 (millions) 2.2. Emerging market cellular penetration and intelligence penetration increase, growth space 2.2.1. Africa ' s mobile phone penetration rises and smart machine readiness rises
Africa has a large population base and young demographics, and maintains a faster population growth rate. Africa is made up of more than 50 countries, and according to the United Nations Population Programme, by 2019, Africa ' s total population stood at 1,308 million, accounting for 16.96% of the world ' s total population, with annual composite growth.
The rapid growth of the population has provided a large pool of potential users for the industry, and market demand has grown considerably. According to idc data, in 2014-2018, the number of functional machine exits increased from 107 million to 127 million, and the number of cagr was 3.49 per cent, while the number of holdings declined from 498 million to 357 million, and the number of cagr to 6.44 per cent.
The number of smart machines has been on the rise for almost two years, while total and per capita holdings have been on the rise, while the number of servers has been on the decline overall, and the total number of smart machines and per capita security in 2018 has exceeded them, suggesting that smart machines are more popular in African markets, and that Africa is already in a position to switch to smart machines.
Africa’s markets are highly concentrated, and companies are the absolute leader. From the point of view of volume, the top five producers in Africa’s mobile market in 2018 were heard (48.71%), three stars (10.27%), hmd (6.78%), China (4.06%), and tcl.
(3.75 per cent) With a high market concentration of 73.57 per cent, the firm has, since its inception, maintained its deep cultivation of the global emerging markets represented by Africa. It is the absolute leader of the African mobile phone market, whose share grew from 33.73 per cent to 52.50 per cent between 2016 and 2019, and its strong and growing position.
Figure 15: Mobile traffic in Africa, Figure 16: Market share of major producers in African markets, Figure 17: Total mobile phone holdings in Africa
Figure 18: Per capita mobile phone holdings in Africa 2.2.2. India ' s market capacity has increased and stock markets have become more competitive. By 2019, India ' s population had reached 1,366 million, representing the world ' s total population
17.71 per cent of India ' s economy has grown rapidly in recent years, growing into one of the world ' s major mobile consumer markets, with a gradual increase in market capacity. Cmr statistics show that the company ' s functional brand, itel, took first place in the Indian functional market in 2020q1, rising from 7 per cent to 22 per cent.
The volume of market-based machine exits increased from 179 million to 181 million, and the number of cagr to 0.22 per cent, with total holdings falling from 567 million to 490 million, the number of cagr to -288 per cent, the per capita holdings falling from 0.44 to 0.36 and the number of cagr to 28.52 per cent.
The Indian market is highly concentrated and competitive. The top four producers of the Indian mobile phone market in 2018 were lyf, respectively.
20.25%), Samsung (17.29%), Mi (12.71%), Voice Holdings (6.72%), Cr4 56.97%, high concentration but no absolute leader, market at the development stage, and the growing profile, competitiveness and market share of manufacturers. In 2017, the share of companies in the market rose considerably, but in 2018 competition increased in the Indian market.
Theater, India’s local operator, reliancejio (Cell phone brand lyf), introduced a highly low-priced mobile business in the functional field, with a surge of 15.12 per cent, becoming the largest manufacturer in the Indian market, with some impact on mobile operators, leading to a decline in the company’s share in the Indian market in the year.
Figure 22: Per capita mobile phone holdings in India 2.3. Multi-factor drive of increased mobile phone penetration and intelligent penetration, and market expansion continues with large-scale construction of 2.3.1.4 g base stations and growth of gdp per capita boosts the development of China ' s smart market
The number of mobile phones has increased from 171 million to 519 million, the penetration rate has increased from 37.81% to 92.72%, and the mobile phone market has fully entered the age of 4g. Although after 2016, as market demand has saturated, the overall volume of mobile phones and the volume of 4g mobile phones has declined.
The large-scale construction of the 4g base station + an increase in per capita consumption capacity led to an increase in the volume and penetration of 4g mobile phones in China. As the mobile economy developed, mobile games, mobile video, mobile shopping, etc., were growing in scale, and users responded to the Internet.
In December 2013, the Ministry of Trade and Communications officially issued 4g license plates to three major operators, China Mobile, China Telecommunications, and China Connect, signalling China’s official entry into the 4g era. In 2014-2019, the total number of 4g base stations increased from 850,000 to 5.44 million, and the number of cagr to 36.26%.
The rapid upgrading of the national communications infrastructure, with the rapid construction of 4g base stations providing equipment for the rapid spread of the 4g network; and in addition to China ' s rapid economic growth in recent years, in 2014-2019, China ' s per capita gdp grew from $7651 to $10276 and its per capita consumption capacity increased by 5.04 per cent in cagr, with the level of economic development leading to an increase in the 4g mobile phone growth
The emerging market countries (regions) generally have a relatively young demographic structure, with tens of millions of young people entering the labour market every year.
Mobile phone consumption creates rigid demand; the emerging market, represented by Africa, has a large population size, a relatively young population age structure, and fertility above the global average will provide large-scale potential user groups for the long term for the industry, as local economic levels rise and infrastructure development improves.
Growth and rejuvenation of the population can contribute to the spread of smart machines. According to China’s market experience, the number of gdp and 4g base stations per capita is positively correlated with the volume of smart machines coming out, so that per capita growth of gdp and upgrading of communication networks are important factors in the rapid spread of smart machines.
Economic growth will boost mobile phone consumption and mobile market growth. Africa’s per capita gdp grew faster than the economy in 2010-2014, resulting in a drop in per capita gdp, which increased from $1776.75 to $1856.25 per capita in 2016-2018, and a capr of 1.47 per cent. India’s per capita gdp increased in the long term, from 2010 to 2018.
In 2019, the per capita gdp rose from $135.56 to $2127, or 5.12%, of the cagr. The growth of the per capita gdp in both countries is positive, and the increase in the per capita gdp will increase the consumption level of the population and help to boost the penetration of mobile phones, especially smart machines.
According to gsma, 2g in sub-Saharan Africa is projected to grow to 77% in 2019-2025, and the new 5g connection rate will reach 7% in 2025. The upgrading of emerging market networks, such as in sub-Saharan Africa and India, is an inevitable trend, but the African region is constrained by the financial power of operators, laying 4g,
The pace of progress in 5g is slow, communication links are just about to enter the 3g-pp. In India, network upgrades are relatively rapid, and 2025 will enter the 4g and even the 5g. Figure 29: Sub-Saharan Africa's communications market development projections
Mobile phone penetration has increased and intelligent penetration has increased. According to gsma, mobile penetration in sub-Saharan Africa will increase from 44% to 50% between 2018 and 2025, cellular subscribers will increase from 456 million to 623 million, intelligence penetration will increase from 54% to 78%, and the new mobile market, especially the smart market, will increase in scope, but
The prices of smart machines are on the rise. At the same time, competition for smart products in emerging markets is now concentrated mainly on low- and medium-end price products, compared with the mature mobile phone market, which is constrained by the level of economic development and relative stagnation in the construction of communications infrastructure.
But as global consumption rises, and smart machines are replaced, smart unit prices will tend to rise, and the share of low-end-priced smarts in smart markets will decline, with prices expected to rise in emerging markets. The potential for growth in emerging smart markets is high.
At a higher level, the growth and stabilization of cellular output is mainly due to the replacement of smart machines. Emerging-market communications infrastructure is lagging, cellular penetration is well below the world average, and a large proportion of the population has yet to use mobile devices and is in the transition from a functional machine to a smart machine.
371 million, or 52.56 per cent of the market ' s total output of mobile phones, declined in 2019, but the market share of power and power is still higher than that of smart machines, with relatively low penetration of smart machines. With higher levels of economic development and higher per capita affordability, the market potential of smart machines in emerging markets has been increased in the context of the growing trend towards smartness of mobile phones.
Economic growth levels and per capita consumption capacity are rising, with emerging market intelligence driven by multiple factors and smart market prospects, in the light of the larger trend of cell phone intelligence development. Similar to China’s per capita consumption capacity upgrading and upgrading of telecommunications facilities, the 4g smart growth process has led to rising consumption levels and demographic dividends as emerging market economies have developed rapidly.
Unleashing the growth of the mobile market, coupled with the upgrading of communication facilities, will allow the market size and penetration of emerging markets, especially smart machines, to grow rapidly in the future. According to idc data, in 2011-2018, the total number of mobile phones delivered by emerging markets is expected to reach 634 million in 2022, compared to 5.70 per cent in Africa, India, China, and China.
The volume increased from $37.7 billion to $67.4 billion, and the cagr to 8.95 per cent, at a much faster rate than the global volume; the volume of airfreight increased from 51 million to 335 million; the cagr to 26.53 per cent; and the Idc expected the volume to reach 70.38 per cent in 2022. There is a larger demand for structural improvements in the emerging mobile phone market and an increase in the volume of smart machines.
Rapidly, in Africa, India, and Bangladesh, the cagr of smart machines arriving in 2018-2022 is expected to be 2.4. The product structure of the company is optimized, and the amount of smart machines rises.
In 2019, the company generated 93.21% of its total operating income and was an absolute core business. Products included functional machines and smart machines with three major brands, Tecno, itel, and infinix, of which Tecno was a middle-end brand under the public flag, and was positioned in emerging markets as middle-class consumers, with product types covering intelligence.
Capability and functionality; itel brands are popular brands under the corporate flag, and target consumers are located in a wide range of base-level consumers and value-oriented users in emerging markets, with product types covering entry-level smarts and functional machines; and infinix brands are committed to becoming fashion technology brands and product types for young people in emerging markets.
In 2019, the company was ranked fourth in the world in terms of the volume of all-goods mobile phones delivered, and the African market was ranked first. In 2016-2019, the total income of mobile phones grew from $10,422 million to $23,626 million, and the income of smart machines grew from $6,741 million to $17,583 million, the share of income rising.
Growth to 71.47% and gradual optimization of the company ' s cellular product structure, to 24.21%. The company ' s Māori ratio is consistently higher than that of the functional machine, while the Māori ratio of the smart business has risen, resulting in an optimal product structure and an upward trend in the Māori rate of the company ' s mobile phone business.
For the company’s leading African market share and clear competitive advantage, the US dollar’s continued high performance and the rise in the rate of Maori in African market handy products. And India’s market Māori rate fell in 2018 as a result of India’s fierce market competition market and Indian tariffs, while in 2019 the company’s Indian factory production increased through a slowdown in market competition.
By reducing tariff effects and optimizing product structure, the patchwork process has seen a marked improvement in business performance, with a sharp recovery in Māori production from 7.57 per cent to 15.31 per cent in Indian cities between 2018 and 2019. This has contributed to the overall Māori ratio of companies, with Africa as their core market, actively opening up emerging markets.
The African region is a core market for companies, with companies with a reputation for “the king of non-continental mobile phones.” According to idc, companies accounted for 48.7 per cent of Africa’s markets in 2018 and 52.5 per cent in 2019, of which 57.5 per cent in the fourth quarter was the absolute leader of Africa’s mobile phone market.
While the share of the market in northern Africa is 5-15%, the firm is also actively pursuing a strategy of regional expansion, moving to other emerging markets, such as India, where it has a seat. The company 201904 has a 6.72% share in the Indian city, 16.8% in Bangladesh, and 37.2% in Pakistan.
In addition, company smart prices continued to rise in 2016-2018, with slightly lower prices in 2019. The same trend was observed in functional machine prices, and mobile phone prices responded to industry trends, coupled with the expansion of the smart market, and future smart machine operations are expected to pick up and pick up.
2.5. Five core advantages are evident: incremental + stock support growth. Companies in Africa are absolute champions, with a 52.5 per cent mobile market in 2019 and an absolute advantage in competition with other mobile operators. At the same time, it is hoped that technological innovation will be localized in the future.
In Africa, for example, companies have developed black-colour video technology, night-time photo capture technology, and are targeting Africa.
Local parts of the country are characterized by frequent power outages and high temperatures in the morning and evening. Companies have developed low-cost high-pressure fast-charge technologies, environmental-temperature-testing current control techniques; and African consumers have developed low-sound designs for African music and horn designs for entertainment. Technological innovations are expected to be transferred to new markets in South Asia, for example, where companies are producing local products in Pakistan.
(a) Localization of apps to induce mobile phone operations, while African black-colour video technology, low-cost high-pressure fast charge technology, electrical flow control technology for ambient temperature testing, developed by companies in Africa, can be transplanted in South Asia. Marketing channels are wide, permeable, and stable.
More than 70 countries and regions around the world have established close cooperation with some 2,000 global distributors, including the African region, which has 360 distributors and over 80 per cent coverage of offline channels; and, while establishing distribution channels, strengthening cooperation with downstream distributors and even end retail outlets, establishing a complete regulatory system to ensure timely access to first-hand market feedback and demand
Information: The company ' s placement of personnel in the field is timely and combines client feedback with product development, from which it improves product quality, improves customer satisfaction, achieves a mutually beneficial win-win effect, and has a significant advantage in hand-held marketing channels in emerging markets in Africa and South Asia.
Corporate brand influence has become a strong barrier. Companies have been farming in emerging markets for many years, responding to the needs of different segments of consumers, and they have introduced multilayered mobile brands, which have accumulated large and faithful users. According to the 100st African consumer favorite brand, published in June 2019, the company has three mobile brands.
Specialized after-sales services increase user sticky, large and stable users. Many emerging-market consumers lose their mobile phones.
Bad or problematic in the use of smart machines, lack of easy after-sales services, company-built after-sales brand carlcare addresses consumer pains, increases user stickyness, and stabilizes large user sizes. Companies now have more than 2,000 after-sales outlets worldwide, while more than 1,000 sites in Africa cater to African user groups.
For their part, sound companies are the only mobile service providers in Africa that have their own after-sales services and provide after-sales services only for the products under the banner of sound. Carlcare has the best management and technical teams to provide specialized one-stop after-sales services to global users and to safeguard companies from further raising their share of emerging markets.
Supply chains that are timely, stable, and of high quality. Companies use a rigorous supplier appraisal and approval system in their procurement, while reducing the cost of raw materials while maintaining the high quality of materials, while also actively promoting the movement of spare parts suppliers out to sea to further enhance the timeliness and stability of procurement. On the other hand, products procured by companies can meet the need for customization.
In emerging market areas, communications technology is lagging, mobile phone penetration and intelligence penetration are far below the maturity market, but there is much room for growth. The population is growing at a high rate and relatively young demographics.
The demographic dividend will release the incremental market for mobile phones and further expand the capacity of emerging markets; and the growing regional economy, which will contribute to higher levels of national consumption, combined with improved communications technology and improved infrastructure, will contribute to a further increase in cellular penetration, a shrinking cycle of mobile phones for user groups, an optimal market structure for mobile phones and an improved penetration of smart machines.
A rapid upswing, with a growing market size, and an upward trend in the price of smart machines, will further expand the mobile stock market, which has great potential for growth in emerging markets and is expected to be the main engine of growth in the world mobile market in the future. According to idc, the company’s core area of operations in 2019 was more than 50% in the western part of Africa’s Middle East, where market ownership was more than 50%.
Other emerging markets have a lower rate of ownership, and there is much room for cellular growth. Companies are absolute leaders in African markets, where competitive advantage is further consolidated, where there is a clear advantage in competing for emerging market stock and incremental space, where the market share of functional and smart machines is further increased, and where more profitability is maintained, and where it is expected to benefit from market growth in the future.
With stock competition, strong momentum for growth in smart machine output, coupled with optimized corporate product structure and a response to the global upward trend in cellular prices, mobile phone operations are expected to grow at full price and yield growth over time.
Based on the advantages of mobile phone operations, the company has diversified its strategic layout around the main business, providing customers with digital accessories, household appliances, after-sales services, mobile Internet, and other products or services, depending on the needs of local customers.
There are a variety of products. In 2019, the company generated $370 million in revenue from the operation of accessories. Oraimo, a brand of 3c products created by the company, is committed to providing consumers with fashionable and fine products, mainly smart sound boxes, smart handrings, mobile power sources, bluetooth earphones, etc., leading the African city.
3.1.1. The size of the industry has steadily increased, with digital accessories growing rapidly into long-term smartphones. According to cnmo, from 2015 to 2020, the global market for digital accessories will grow from $24.56 billion to $48.45 billion and the industry will continue to grow.
The rapid development of consumer electronics, represented by machines, has led to a number of digital accessories (such as mobile power, wireless blue-tooth earphones, etc.) 3.1.2. Conform to the new era of development, with new breakthroughs in product functions, smart bracelets, extensive use of watches, and large market space. Smart bracelets are small, easy to carry, and strong.
With the development of 5g technology, smart handrings can be transferred to other electronic devices with low delay, high density, and are widely applied to all aspects of health monitoring, mobility aids, daily life. According to strategy 10,000, the cagr is 25.34%.
In the future, as the income levels of the population rise, more emphasis will be placed on health, physical, educational, etc., smart enterprises will break down target client groups and provide functions to people with different needs.
In addition, more technology will be applied to smart handrings, such as face recognition, gps precision positioning, etc. Smart sound is growing rapidly. The global smartphone market has grown rapidly, reaching 22.7 million in the third quarter of 2018, an increase of 197% over the 7.7 million in the third quarter of 2017, and the Amazon continues to lead the smartphone market.
Smart sound functions tend to be intelligent and voice-interactive. In addition to such basic functions as enhancing smart sound quality, future smart audio boxes need to be connected to multiple platforms to connect products; and as things are networked, smart people live in them.
Applying, smart sound boxes will tend to be cheaply low, with smart masters on board, covering every aspect of daily life. Figure 44: Smart sound structure Mobile power market size surges and wireless charging is the dominant trend.
In 2024, the global mobile power market is expected to grow to $17.9 billion, with a compound annual growth rate of 10.8 per cent. In the future, lithium ion batteries will continue to dominate the mobile power market by virtue of their safety, small size and high energy density, while mobile power will be equipped with more different types of interfaces.
Charges for multiple electronic devices; technologies such as wireless charge, fast charge, etc. will be widely applied, and individualized, lightly intelligent mobile power sources will be popular with consumers. The global market for bluetooth earphones has increased dramatically.
Nearly 40%, amounting to about 14 billion euros, generated more than half of its income from equipment that uses bluetooth technology. According to statistics, global sales of tws headphones increased significantly from 9.18 million to 130 million in 2016-2019, and are expected to reach 230 million by 2020.
Smartphone inflammation drives wireless bluetooth headphones. With smartphone manufacturers increasingly removing headphone plugs from equipment, bluetooth-functioning headphones and headphones will continue to maintain their growth trend. In the future, blue earphones will continue to innovate low-capacity and high-frequency, and tws wireless blue earphones will be lost in the ai, life, health, etc.
Breaking up to provide customers with comfort, intelligent noise reduction and healthy sleep interactive experiences. Figure 48: Global sales of tws headphones and acceleration. 3.1.3. Corporate advantage in digital parts markets in Africa
In addition, the company's mobile phone business is well developed in Africa, leading to the sale of digital accessories.
The demand for goods is low, the threshold is low, many Chinese small brands are exported to Africa, for example, at low prices and of poor quality, while companies focus on the high value for money of their products in the parts market and build brand influence to gradually replace crude and abusive mountain brands.
3.2. The stable growth of the domestic electricity market, the upgrading of household appliances intelligence, the good performance of sound-blowing home appliances, the global boom in the domestic electricity industry, and Svinix, a company-created home-power brand, are committed to promoting the development of the domestic electricity industry in the African region, mainly through products such as:
Televisions, refrigerators, air conditioners, washing machines, electric fans, etc... In 2018, the company's electricity business collected 140 million dollars and in 2019 it achieved 280 million dollars. According to Euromonitor International, by 2020, the global electricity market will generate 3.2.2. Global household electricity sales and future domestic electricity technology will increase steadily.
The global air-conditioning market is warming, and new market air-conditioning sales have increased. Global air-conditioning production has increased steadily since 2015, from 9,355,000 in 2015 to 1,097,000 in 2018, slowing down, while sales of air-conditioning in India, Africa, Pakistan, etc. have generally increased steadily.
Sales will continue to grow, with rapid growth in India, China, etc., which will account for a large share of the global market, and rapid growth in India’s air-conditioning market, combined with the rise of the middle class, increased urbanization and rising temperatures. According to the latest data released by bsria, the annual compound of the African air-conditioning market is expected to occur between 2017 and 2023.
The growth rate will be around 5.5 per cent, exceeding the global rate of 4.9 per cent for the same period.
Figure 51: AC sales and increases in Africa Figure 52: AC sales and increases in Pakistan Figure 53: AC sales in parts of the world (millions) and projections
Chinese manufacturers perform well in the global refrigerators and washing machines market. According to data from Euromonist International, Hal was ranked first in the global refrigerator market for 10 years in 2017 with 17.3% of the market share, while the American group accounted for 3.7% of the market share; in 2018, Hal was ranked first in the global washing machine market with 22.1% of the market share, mainland China.
The TV industry is competitive, with Japanese and Korean companies occupying the high-end TV market. According to the smart television network, the video industry is more competitive, with only Samsung, lg, and tcl having market ownership of more than 10% in 2018.
The new era’s wave has boosted the development of home-based electricity. The development of 5g, object-networking, artificial intelligence technology has led to the demand for home-based smarts, which, in the context of the new era, are about to rise to new growth opportunities, while the production of home-based electricity has gradually become fragmented.
Building personalized home appliances for different consumer groups; i. Technology to facilitate the re-engineering of the domestic electricity industry supply chain to provide traditional household appliances with manufacturing, marketing, R & D, supply chains, after-sales services, etc. to facilitate the digital transformation of enterprises. 3.2.3. Localization of brands highlights the competitive advantages of companies
A well-developed supply chain and logistics delivery system. By size and brand advantage, companies have built stable and friendly partnerships with suppliers in the procurement chain and have built diversified and flexible production lines, which have enabled them to gain a good reputation and reputation in the market, further building market entry barriers. Moreover, companies have focused on logistics networks, and over the years, they have focused on building them.
Accumulation, a logistics distribution system that has developed into a marketing market connection, where central logistics and regional logistics advantages complement each other The competitive advantage of the distribution channels is evident. By marketing, companies have entered more than 70 countries and regions around the world and have established close partnerships with some 2,000 distributors with strong marketing experience in various market countries.
At the same time, companies have increased their cooperation with first-tier distributors downstream distributors and even end retail outlets, growing with distributors, and 3.3. After-sales services are distributed globally, highlighting the advantages of localization.
A global after-sales service network provides efficient after-sales services. The company created a branded carlcare dedicated to after-sales services, dedicated to providing home-grown one-stop services to the global market, and now has more than 2,000 service outlets (including third-party partnerships) globally, the largest electronic and home-based product service provider in Africa.
In a number of countries and regions covering Africa, the Middle East, South-East Asia, the Americas, etc., companies are emerging from the business by providing professional and efficient after-sales services to global users. Companies have an insight into user needs and are widely praised by African consumers.
The user experience and after-sales services highlight their advantages as a big highlight. Figure 58: After-sales services. Smart sales drive after-sales service industries.
The warranty period is usually 12 months from the date of the purchase of the product. In 2016-2018 and the first half of 2019, the company paid $228 million, $417 million, $455 million and $207 million respectively for the after-sale premium, split the value of the re-sales product, after-sales + localization, and high barriers for competitors. The company was the only one in Africa and the world to be self-employed.
Moreover, home-grown after-sales centres sink into major cities in Africa, and can really help consumers solve machine problems. Only long-term localization inputs can win consumer confidence in brand names, and companies are superior to competitors’ localization.
3.4. Mobile Internet markets continue to grow. 3.4.1. Global Internet penetration has steadily increased, and Africa has become a mobile front market.
Global Internet penetration is increasing. According to emarketer, global Internet penetration of smartphones is steadily increasing each year, especially in Africa and India. People in South Africa spend most of their time using the Internet to communicate, watch television, and use maps.
The Andre system dominates the African market, the Tristar Lead Terminal market. South Africa’s Android account for about 79.78%, ios 16.27%, and the Android market far exceeds ios. Among mainstream equipment manufacturers, Sam is dominated by a market share of 42.26%, compared to other regions, where Nokia, Blackberry mobile phones are popular in South Africa.
The soundings are one of the mainstream systems in emerging markets. The operating system is an expansion of other hardware to provide an operating environment for other software systems.
Customized smart terminal operating systems (os), including hios, itelos, and xos. The amount of smartphones produced by companies is growing rapidly, and the market share of the audio-os system is increasing. So far, the sound-overs that companies have developed autonomously have become one of the dominant operating systems in major emerging markets around the world, such as Africa.
The operating system generates a range of platform tools. The company has developed tool-type applications around soundingos, such as application shops, game centres, advertising distribution platforms, and mobile phone housekeepers. The mobile Internet platform, based on user flows and data resources, is the core foundation for companies to develop mobile Internet products in Africa.
The company collaborates with many of the leading Internet departments in the country, including in music, games, short videos, content syndications, and other applications, to develop applications that are more than 10 million users per month. The music stream media platform, Boomplay, is available as of the end of the first quarter of 2020.
A total of 72 million users and 3 billion monthly performances are currently the largest music streaming media platform in Africa; browser phoenixbrowser has 46 million total active users; news-polymers applications scooper, deep-deep localization content creation and information aggregation, in front of national news apps in Nigeria, Kenya, Ghana, Egypt, etc.
Third, short video applications vskit have 26 million total active users, working with local kol in Africa to build mcn ecology and accumulate local short video content. In addition, companies, with good brands and large user flows, have forged close partnerships with international Internet companies such as Google and Facebook.
3.4.3. Innovative Internet technologies that focus on user experiences, e.g. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e.g. e. e. e. e.g. e. e. e. e. g. e. e. e. g. e. e. e. e. e. e. g. e. e. e. g. e. e. e. g. e. e. e. e. g. e. e. e. e. g. e. e. e. e. e. e. e.
With better prices, more mobile payments, and consumption driven by demographic dividends, a large number of Internet businesses will emerge in Africa and other new markets in the future. Time-based, focus on user experiences.
The user experience of the Os system is of great importance in the future, in order to enrich the user experience, the company will continue to localize its network products, develop suitable applications for consumers in the target market, and enrich each other in accordance with their characteristics.
Mobile phone business: companies have advanced product line layouts in the area of mobile phones in emerging markets, taking a leading position through technological innovation, localization, marketing channels, brand influence, professional after-sale services, and supply chains.
The advent of trends in field smart machines, the rapid growth of the population in emerging markets and the relative rejuvenation of the population structure, the company ' s mobile phone industry and other major businesses: the company, thanks to the considerable advantages accumulated by mobile phone operations, pursues a diversified strategy around the main business, and provides its clients with digital accessories, appliances, mobile Internet and other products or services to produce good goods.
Other business: the company’s other business is mainly after-sale maintenance operations and raw materials, and after-sales services are sold worldwide, with significant localization advantages. The company’s policy is driven by the growth of smart machines and other household electricity sales, and as emerging market smarts trend, the company’s share of mobile phone business is rising, the company’s branding influence is increasing.
Further empowerment, expansion of new business such as digital products and domestic appliances, we believe that companies will be expected to grow up to a high level of performance, taking into account comparable company valuations, which, although higher than companies, are the only a-share label in a cellular whole company, while at the same time the company's mobile phone business has an absolute leader in emerging markets.
With the resource advantage accumulated over many years in emerging markets and market leadership, corporate performance is expected to rise rapidly in the light of the trend towards the upgrading of emerging market functions. We look forward to the company’s future high growth, covering for the first time, to 1) being affected by the epidemic, downstream demand falls short of expectations: if the epidemic is not effectively contained, it will expand further globally.
Dispersal, resulting in less demand for consumer e-markets than expected, will have a degree of impact on firms ' offshore operations, thus affecting (2) increased competition in the sector: increased competition in emerging markets is due to the space and growth potential of the emerging market mobile phone market, where more and more mobile phones are entering emerging markets.
3) Exchange rate risk: Foreign currency is used to settle sales outside the company’s borders, and the corresponding company holds monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currency, such as United States dollars.
(4) Increased labour costs: As emerging market economies rise and population structures become relatively young, the labour costs of firms in new emerging markets will increase, thus affecting the level of corporate profits. 5) Macroeconomic fluctuations: consumer market demand will decline as macroeconomics decline, and emerging markets will be affected by emerging markets.
With the approval of the China Securities and Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Corporation has a portfolio of securities investment advisers.