El ophthalmology reports that performance continues to grow robustly, and high-quality development is on the way.
High-quality development is on the rise, and the new decade's strategy is steadily on the ground. With the erosion of adverse factors such as the new external crowning epidemic, corporate business as a whole has evolved. 107 units, with the “horizontal, vertical, networked” layout in multi-provincial areas, companies are unique.
The pattern of stratification has been further improved, and the performance of the various business sectors: the main business has achieved significant income growth across the main business sections, with the rapid growth of the visual services and the kurch operations, which have generated income of 1,524 million yuan (+85.20 per cent, major) respectively.
To be able to see the abundance of light products, hospitals are seeing the growth of light, and the branding influence of the company's research and research inputs in youth prevention and control (+84.65 per cent) and 2,845 million yuan (+84.65 per cent), mainly due to a double increase in the number of surgeries and high-end surgeries, as well as the growth of the Thurghar Room in the local and district hospitals.
In addition, cataract surgery is operating at a cost rate of 9.55 per cent (+1.10 ptt) and a management rate of 9.55 per cent (+1.10 ptt).
Annual & 2021 Quarterly Review: Second Annual Year of Entrepreneurship, ophthalmology is at a more stable level. 21H1 produces R & D costs of $103 million and continues to promote the development of the M & D platform, in conjunction with higher schools/research institutes such as Tianjin University, Tianjin Vocational University, Middle School Institute of Computing, etc.
Co-operation to continuously enhance the power and influence of companies in science, technology and innovation.
In the first half of the year, six hospitals and one industrial development company in Chongqing, Ail, Dandong-El, Pil-Eil, etc., were acquired, further improving the layout of the country.
The first 10 major hospitals have seen a small decline in their revenues, while other provincial capitals, city hospitals and others, have entered the front line of emphasis.