Mid-2021: Performance meets expectations, ophthalmology is advancing steadily in the new 10-year strategy
For 7,348 million yuan, 1,116 million yuan and 1,227 million yuan, the same year, 76.47 per cent, 65.03 per cent, high-speed recovery of medical consultations, and rapid growth in dredging and visualization operations. In the first half of the year, the company achieved 4,7904 thousand outpatient visits, or 81.38 per cent more than the same year; the number of surgical operations rose by 40,544 million, or the same amount.
71.57%, while recovering from the epidemic, the scale of operations has continued to grow. Sub-operations: 1) Leather surgery earned 2,845 million yuan, an increase of 84.65%, Māori 57.59%, an increase of 3.20 pct, mainly due to the rapid increase in the number of draught surgery in hospitals and the ratio of high-end surgery to one.
Second, the company has increased its investment in the construction of units at the local and district hospitals, which better meet the needs of local and county patients for surgery, and has increased the volume of operations by 6.91 pct, mainly due to cataract surgery from the cataracts to the cataracts.
The same increase of 6.26 pct, the expansion of the scope of sight in hospitals and the abundance of light products have ensured a steady increase in the number of visual mirrors and an increase in consumption; companies have responded positively to the national strategy of near-visibility control by investing in research and promoting branding in the provision of light services.
▪ The new 10-year strategic plan is being advanced and the ophthalmological network is being improved. The company has launched a plan to raise up to $3.536 billion in funding, mainly for the construction and relocation of new hospitals in the seven major provincial capitals and the capital city, which will result in a significant increase in the availability of health services in priority hospitals.
Annual & 2021q1 Quarterly Review: Performances Over-expected, Eye Dragon Resilient Growth Day, 155 hospitals in the company and 107 outpatient clinics.
The chain advantage and scale effect is further demonstrated.2 El ophthalmology (300015) continues to be strengthened by the Science Research Platform and the “Technology and Research” strategy. The company further develops medical research.
The camp's performance has been positive on a seasonal basis, with profit margins and platforms being built to form a system of medical education centred on the “Seven Houses” and the “Two Stations”.
Half-yearly experts publish Sci/medline papers 30, Chinese Core Journal/China Science and Technology Papers 3 and El ophthalmology (300015): 25 short-term periodicals. Companies implement the Innovation Drive, Science and Technology El Strategy, and promote school partnerships
In the second quarter of the year, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed with the University of Tianjin and the University of Tianjin.
In addition, the first national innovation platform, the Post-Doctoral Research Work Station, was officially awarded; and an additional Hunan eye-vision worker was added.
The company’s medical research and technology is growing in strength, strengthening its leadership.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the expected net return profits of the company for 2021-2023.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board