25 March 2022, China's Great Stone: The Leader of the Global Fibre Industries.
\triangleright, founded in 1993 and listed in 1999 at the drop-off point, holds shareholders in Chinese construction materials. The main sources of revenue are the fibre-optics and products business, and the country has three main production bases: Zhejiang, Jiangxi Qijiang, and Sichuan Chengdu.
At the demand side, we expect to consume 6.6 million tons in 2022, or +6 per cent in comparison, mainly from exports, new energy vehicles, wind and wind power: 1) in 2021, the country ' s total exports of fibre and products amounted to 16.83 million tons in 2021.
Compared to +26.6%, there is high demand from overseas; 2) fibre-optics are lightly and quantitatively important materials for cars, with large vehicle use, and the penetration rate of new energy vehicles is rapidly increasing, leading to the use of fibres; 3) wind veils are constantly being upgraded to take into account the trend of wind-loading machines. At the supply end, the pre-generation capacity continued to be absorbed in 2022, and actual additions are still limited under strict assumptions.
The company has global fibre pricing rights \triangleright The supply-demand relationship determines the cyclical volatility of the price of the fabric. We re-open nearly three rounds of price changes in industry: 1) 2014-2015:
Wind and wind power “scramble tides” drive demand; 2) 2017q4-2018h1: cost increases, exports + thermal landscapes; 3) 2020q3 to date: the epidemic leads to demand-supply mismatches and downstream demand booms. The wheel is “unlike”: prices peak higher, higher times longer, weaker cyclical properties, costs and prices may change in a trendy way.
At the bottom of the cycle, it expands to create smartness and globalisation of production and marketing: 1) by 2011: the bottom of the financial crisis is strong, and production capacity leaps to the top of the world. Continuous drops, thick and thin, await the recovery of the price of the fibres. 2) 2011-2017: “External supply year: intelligent manufacturing, re-building of the giant stones. Technology + products are constantly changing, and cost regulation leads the industry: pool kiln rules until 2010
The model continues to lead the way, with technology leading changes and product structure upgrading since 2010. The size advantage + industrial chain integration + geographical position has been the advantage, the ton cost continues to fall down, the downside benefits are significant, the ton net profit rises after 2014, and the ton net centre is significantly undervalued from the company. In our view, the company, as the global king of fibre optics, has a clear cost advantage, and the capacity to deliver is still available.
At the same time, the fibre-optic industry, the rock itself, has a weak cycle effect, is covered in the valuation and is given a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
1 China Stones: A clear and far-reaching strategy for maintaining the leadership of the global bovine industry, established in 1993 by China Stone Co. Ltd., which focuses on the production and sale of fibreglass and products, is a global fibre.
With regard to production, three major production bases have been set up: Zhejiang, Jiangxi Qijiang, Sichuan Chengdu, and more than 20 large-scale fibreglass cell kilns with an annual production capacity of 2 million tons plus in late 2021. With regard to products, companies provide more than 100 major categories of nearly 1,000 rules.
On marketing, companies market global markets for network distribution, 14 international marketing centres have been set up in Europe, the Americas, Africa, the Middle East, South-East Asia, and stable partnerships have been established with downstream customers.
The second largest shareholder, Zhenshi Group Limited, holds 15.59% of the shares. The company is involved in a number of companies, including the Giant Stone Group and North New Technologies.
The Giant Stone Group is the leading manufacturer in the global fibre-optic industry, with a total of more than $30 billion in assets and more than 10,000 employees, and North New Technologies is a multi-dimensional enterprise that brings together business investment, building materials trade, logistics warehousing. 1.3 Crosses the cattle bear, with an exemplary return on manufacturing investment.
The company’s roe performance has been excellent, and the leverage rate has been at a reasonable level. The company’s roa and roe levels have been stable in recent years, with revenues predominantly consisting of fibres and products and a relatively stable product-rich ratio. The income from optics and products from 2017 to 2021 has been sustained from high R & D inputs over the long term, and product structural upgrading has been guaranteed.
With 552 million yuan, new progress has been made in the development of glass formulations. e9 Super-high modulus yieldes the production of pool kilns in excess of 100 gpa, making it the world ' s highest modulus model for the bovine industry, e7, e8 and new electronic veil formulations that are productively stable and fully certified and promoted by industry authority clients.
The technical team-building industry led by 1,792 technicians in 2021, or 13.45 per cent of the total. In 2020 it was 1766, or 15.07 per cent, and in the same period in 2020 it was the Shandong fibres (163, or 5.5 per cent), the Long Sea shares: the supply-demand balance and upgrading.
2.1 Needs: Broadening the boundaries, sustaining growth The fibres are expanding downstream applications, mainly due to high performance and economy: density meets light quantitative needs.
Strengths, stretching strength are required to meet the demands of agility and strength. The composites, because of their design, are more suitable for high-pressure environments, such as materials with a rigidity and a strongness than steel, aluminium alloys, etc. Economic. The price of entangled direct veils in the last 10 years is 2400-6500 yuan per ton in steel.
2.1.1 Construction materials: the largest and most basic applications, the largest downstream application of the fabric, about 34%. Glass steel is a resin-based, fibre-glass-enhanced material.
A wide range of building structures such as doors, windows, templates, steel bars, reinforced concrete beams, etc. 2.1.2 Wind filament enhancement material: long line products, high threshold wind foliage structure, including beam systems, top and bottom skins, root reinforcements, and raw materials including resin matrix, enhanced materials, etc.
And glues, cores, and so on, the boosters are mainly fibreglass and carbon fibres. The fibres (wind veils) are applied in single/multiaxial forms to the fabrics of wind leaves, which are mainly light-weight, high-intensity, and account for some of the costs of wind leaf material. The wind veil needs are influenced by the volume of wind-loading machines.
In 2021, for the last year of the year, the country will be replenished with a new volume of 16.9gw, or +34 per cent, and a new capacity of 47.57gw, which will be added to the network throughout the year. In accordance with the Beijing Declaration on Wind Energy, the 14th Five-Year Period will guarantee that the country will have more than 50gw installed in each year of wind power and no capacity installed in every year after 2025.
In 2020 and 2021, there were 71,48,4757 million tons of wind-share demand respectively. The wind-loading fluctuations were predicted after the “scramble tide.” The wind-shares were set at three feet, with China’s largest cities in the wind-share sector, Tarzan Bough and Chongqing accounting for 90% of the country’s leaders.
In 2016, for example, China’s Great Stone-e series of fibres was first developed to produce a high volume of liquid kiln production, yield e8, real industrial application of high-volume fibres, release of e9 in August 2020, with a volume of 100 gpa and an increase of almost 25% over e6. High-volume fibres are more suited to the current trend of windmill massification.
2.1.3 Transport: Car lightly quantified Fibres are used in transport mainly in orbital transport equipment, auto manufacturing and other means of transport.
The advantages, such as widespread use in front-end modules of cars, engine hoods, decorative parts, new energy car battery protection boxes, composite springs, are effective in reducing the quality of the entire vehicle, and the need for light quantification of new energy vehicles in the context of "double carbon" to reduce fuel fuel consumption + new energy vehicle renewal mileage is urgent.
In the absence of changes in battery technology, low body weights, interiors, chassis, etc., are important ways to achieve light quantification. The bulk of vehicle use increases are significant: 1) modified plastics use is lower than in Europe and America.
The use of bicycle-modified plastics was 160 dry grams (11.5 per cent of composite materials and mainly fibres) and 13 per cent of the quality of the use, compared with 19 per cent (250-310 kg) in Euro-American countries and 25 per cent (340-410 kg) in German-cars; and 2) the penetration rate of new energy vehicles rose rapidly. New energy vehicles sold amounted to 3.52 million vehicles in 2021, compared with 157 per cent in Euro-American countries.
The penetration rate has risen rapidly to boost the use of fibre-based composite materials. (2) In 2021, we sold about 3.52 million new energy vehicles and 2,148 million in use.
(3) A 10 per cent increase in the volume of new energy vehicle fibres is projected for 2021-2022 (for 2021, projected data are derived from an inter-country re-entry manual) and a 6 per cent increase in the use of non-energy vehicles. (4) A 5 per cent increase in national orbital transport investment in 2020, conservatively projected for other transport areas, such as transhipment.
In 2021, the country ' s total exports of fibre optics and products amounted to 16.83 million tons, compared to 26.6% (the industry association ' s caliber is somewhat different from Cheuk-Kuan) and high demand from abroad. Since 2021h2, the external epidemic has improved in the margins, the demand for fibres is strong, the demand for infrastructure and European thermal plastics is growing rapidly, and the supply of local European and American businesses is still affected, so overseas customers have turned to Chinese fibre-optic companies for production.
This paper defines domestic consumption = domestic demand + exports — imports, and data from the China Society of the Protein Industry show that in 2021, the volume of fibre optics consumption was 6.24 million tons, compared with 15 per cent in the previous year, mainly as a result of the growth of new sources of energy, motor vehicles, building energy savings, electronics and electronics, while foreign trade exports returned to rising channels.
In addition, it is assumed that in 2022 there will be an increase of 4 per cent in the consumption of fibres in the area of construction materials and electronic equipment. Domestic perspectives: 140,000 tons of new fibres in 2020, or 2.7 per cent of the year; ignition/cold repair completed in 2021.
The number of successful kilns has been higher, with a total production of some 6.24 million tons of new fibres in the country, an increase of 15.3 per cent in the same year, and an increase of 8.8 per cent in the past two years, with global production of 8 million tons of fibreglass in 2019, compared with 3.9 per cent in 2019 and a steady increase in the global share of the country ' s fibres, which reached 65.9 per cent in 2019.
Industry is highly concentrated. We have 72% cr3 (2020), 68% (2019), and we have 72% cr3 (2020), respectively, and we have 72% cr (2019), and we have 72% cr 2020) Cr.4 (2019), cr.4 (2014), ocv, ocv, tv, Chongqing International)
Figure 24: In 2019, the country ' s fibre-optic industry reached 68%.
In 2021, the domestic demand for new energy vehicles, electronic pcbs, etc., was high, adding up exports since 2021h2, and supply and demand have led to a rise in the prices of the covet and electronic veils. In 2021, we measured an additional 820,000 tons of production in that year, and more in the second half of the year, resulting in an increase in effective production.
Ten thousand tons), with an output impact of about 7.9% (capacity impact = additional effective capacity in the year in question/one year in the process). The marginal slowdown, and the increase, is mainly due to leading firms. We measured 455,000 tons of new capacity in 2022, of which, according to the previous estimates, there was a higher actual yield in 2021 and a larger impact on 2022, and the actual capacity is expected this year.
Marginalization slowed; in 2022, we measured the same ratio as +6 per cent of the country ' s fibre-optic consumption, including foreign trade exports, new energy vehicles, and 3 depth retries, which witnessed a leap in profitability of 3.1 unit price swing cycles.
The supply-demand relationship determines the cyclical nature of the price volatility of the fabric: cyclical fluctuations at the supply end: high cost, continuous production and supply rigidity.
The demand-side “no brightness to the east”: the area of downstream applications is wide, the use of building materials is stable, wind power, thermal plastics, electronic troikas are dynamic, growing and different, and demand structure changes are weakening the industry cycle.
Figure 25: Nearly three spinal fibre price swings. Price changes: The national average of 2400tex entangled direct veils, with a phase peak of $5629/tonne in 2015 Supply-demand relationship: supply end, where previous production of fibre-cloths is effectively controlled; demand end, where marginal incremental contribution is derived mainly from wind power
+42 per cent and +38 per cent, respectively, of the production of liquid-model products dominated by wind-leaf blades in 2014-2015, as a result of the wind-connected electricity price adjustment. Price changes: at the end of the third quarter of 2017 and the end of the year, fibre-optic companies jointly raised prices, with a smooth price increase of 2018q1, followed by prices.
The grid is stable for a long time. For example, in the case of the 2500-tex price of the Sandu entangled direct veil, a phase peak of $5150 per ton appears in the supply-demand relationship: the demand for pipelines in the Middle East has increased and demand from overseas has boosted; the demand for light and quantitative motor vehicles has also continued to rise, with the share of hot-plastic enterprises rising.
Cost hikes: Oil prices began to rise at 2017h2, with a 40 per cent increase in the spot price of Brent oil, and the fibre-optic industry passed downward pressure on the raw materials. 3.1.320q3 to date: the epidemic has led to a mismatch between supply and demand, with downstream demand booming.
Price changes: In August 2020, the fibres began to raise prices, using the national average price of 2400tex entangled in direct veils, for the first time, stock price performance: removal of Shandong fibres (short time on the market), Chinese share price of technology or other business effects (first-stage high price of titanium batteries) for 100 per cent and 38 per cent, respectively; second-stage high price points were observed
Supply-demand relationship: 1) The impact of demand-resistance disruption on supply and demand mismatches is not significant in 2020h1, with domestic demand rising in 2020h2 and supply-demand mismatches starting to be highlighted. We measure about 360,000 tons of new production capacity in 2020, with few real capacity impacts, and we need the final year of land-based wind power subsidy in 2020, with demand for q4 wind veils in particular for the year 2020; 2)
New energy cars, electronic pcb, etc., had a year-round boom in 2021, adding up the recovery of overseas demand since 2021h2, exports back up, and supply investment was mostly in the second half of the year, with supply and demand on the rise. The price changes in this round were “different.”
The price of fibre optics has been higher for more than one year (March 2021), with a higher output of 2021h2 than ever before, but the price of the coarses has remained strong.
2020q3 so far, the demand side of the Troika has been influenced by the policy of double carbon at the same time as the demand side, and some firms have been able to produce a large number of swings, and the costs and prices of the cycle of ironing at the end of supply and demand are likely to change in a trendive manner.
It varies, but in its long-term dimensions, the overall price trend is downwards, mainly because of the technological advances of the Probarian firms in particular, which drive down costs, lower costs lead to lower price space, lower prices increase the price of the Probable and widen the range of applications. 2) International counter-globalization trends and our “double carbon” landscape, with basic raw materials such as coal, natural materials, etc.
In the future, fibres may develop at higher unit and cost than historical levels. Even the cost and price of fibres will increase in a trendive way (not to say to reduce the cost of widening the core competition for fibres applications, but to reduce the cost of fabrics).
The price of fibre-optic materials is still rising. Epidemics, geo-conflicts, lead to global mismatches between supply and demand, while the price of fibre-optics rises less than its competing products (e.g. metals).
2. The year 2021 saw the rise in the unit cost of leading firms, and more attention should be paid to the expansion of the cost of combs and the continuing comparative advantage. 3.2 Reverse cycle bottom expansion, creating smartness, globalization of production and marketing. 3.2.12011: the financial crisis was at its bottom, with capacity leaping to the top of the world.
The global financial crisis also affected the fibre-optics industry, with a decline in overseas sales on a par, and an increase in domestic sales stimulated by policy incentives. But prices were low, industry losses were widespread, and some businesses shut down their kilns.
In the period of the Eleventh Five-Year Plan, the company produced 41% cagr, in the same period 13% and 5% of the country and the whole world, and the company’s share increased from 23% in 2004 to 33% in 2011. At the same time, in 2007, the construction of over 100,000 tons of large pool kiln lines was started, in each of the village’s villages, leading the country’s counterparts for more than 10 years.
Continued drops, thick and thin, pending the recovery of the price of the fibres: in 2009, the price of the large rock fibres was reduced by 25.4 per cent compared to 2008 and the cost of the low-yielding companies continued to fall by 18 per cent in 2011 by increasing their size and technological excellence. For example, in the case of the 12,140,000 tons of large pool kiln line produced annually in the Qing village, and in the case of the 70, 80,000 tons of medium-sized tank kiln line in the Qijiang layout, by electric assist.
Melting and pure oxygen combustion technologies have doubled the melting rate of large and medium-sized kilns, and more than 100,000 tons of dual-pool kiln technologies have made significant progress in reducing energy consumption and saving costs.
In 2009, the EU launched a “double-reverse” survey of our fibres, and in 2011 three countries and regions of the EU, Turkey, and India imposed the first final “double-reverse” tariffs on their exports from China. The export of giant stones was relatively large, at around 50%, and the company intensified its efforts to develop its domestic market, while accelerating its “go-out” pace.
1) In 2011, the company issued an announcement to invest in the construction of an annual production line of 80,000 tons of non-alkali fibreglass ponds in the Suez Zone of Economic Cooperation in Egypt. The demand for anti-dumping investigations can be supplied directly by Egyptian companies, significantly reducing the negative impact of anti-dumping on the public administration.
2) Egypt's first post-partum phase, with Egypt's second and third stages in 2016 and 2017 respectively, the United States production line, which currently has a total capacity of 200,000 tons in Egypt, 95,000 tons in the United States of America, the benefits of Egypt's production base are increasing year by year, and the United States birth base achieved its first profit of 1997.7 million yuan in 2021. The construction project also includes a 1,220,000 tons of fibre-optic kilns produced year by Egypt.
The development of the silk production line is expected to be completed by the end of 2022. 3.2.32018-2021: Smart manufacturing, re-building of giant stones.
Smart manufacturing technology, green manufacturing technology, to improve the efficiency of companies' production and energy use. “Rebuilding a giant stone”, in addition to the continued increase in the size of production capacity, 1) the share of high-end products in product structure is increasing; (2) technologically, “smart manufacturing” is fully operational, with a significant increase in production efficiency accompanied by a sustained decline; and (3) the distribution of products takes into account both internal and external markets.
Figure 38: Corporate smart manufacturing applications 3.3 Technology + products will continue to evolve until 3.3.1 2010: Focus on continuous expansion of the kiln
Until the twenty-first century, the country’s fibre-optic line was dominated by cylindrical processes, and there were bottlenecks in single-line production capacity. Around 2000, the country broke through the 2003 Discussion on the Industrial Development of Our Bounty, and the size of the single-line kiln was rapidly expanding.
The largest in the world at that time, with the production of 80,000 tons per year and 20,000 tons per year of environmentally friendly fibre kilns; the production of 120,000 tons per year of non-alkali fibre kilns and the updating of the world ' s largest kiln records in the fibre-optic industry in 2007; the production of 140,000 tons per year of non-alkali fibre kilns in the village of Kiryu in 2008, while continuing to update those records, the production of fibres will be among the world ' s top; and the average single line of companies in 2011
At 771,000 tons, or 1096 million tons in 2021. In the process of reaching the world first in the size of the giant rock fibres, in addition to the low procyclical expansion described earlier, seizing the opportunity to break through the pool kiln technology, making the capacity of large kilns extremely effective is also critical for continuing to break the world record of the largest single-line kiln, resulting from the breakthrough in the kiln-wiring technology, which led to the use of electric smelting and pure companies.
New technologies, such as oxygen combustion, bus controls and logistics transmission lines, continue to learn from experience, incorporate innovations and take the lead in the development of high-speed energy-saving and energy-efficient reduction in our kilns. 3.3.2 2010-present: technology leads to change, product structure upgrades.
(1) Glass formula upgrades and high-modulus fibres continue to break: e6 fibres into the wind and wind market: longer windmills require higher mechanical performance and resistance to fatigue, in 2008 the company successfully developed the e6 formula, and in 2009 the self-researched e6 high-performance fibres officially moved to the market. e6 fibres increase product intensity and productivity.
Corrosion-resistant performance, 15% increase in stretching strength and 10% in stretching volume over traditional e-optics, successfully entering high-power wind leaves manufacturing, corrosive pipelines, high-pressure insulation, high-pressure pipelines, etc. e7, e8, e9 lead the world: corporate e7 high-performance fibres achieved in 2014, e7 through 5mw and above.
Full certification of wind blades and doubling of production in 2017; launch of e8 high-module fibres in 2016, mainly in the field of high-end compound, to maintain excellent electrical insulation in addition to continuing to upgrade mechanics and resistance to fatigue; and production of a super-high-model in 2021, e9 super-high-cell fibre, to produce a pool kiln with a volume greater than 100 gpa, becoming the highest formulation of the global fibre industry model.
(2) leachate: In the process of fabric formation, leachate ensures the smoothness of the lubricant, leachate protection of the glass from its original silk and glued clustering, so lubricant can have an important impact on the filtration. In the process of developing e6 high-performance fibres, giant stones develop targeted lubricants for different resin systems, and use different special surface treatments to improve weaving performance and fibre optics and resin-based bodies.
The technological transformations of the Stones have led to a structural upgrading of their products: in 2017, the firm ' s absolute high-end share was over 60% and its medium- and high-end share over 80%; in 2021, the company ' s high-end product share was re-innovated, the share of high-tech high-model products was significantly increased, the proportion of thermoplastic products was rapidly growing, the proportion of electronic fabrics was further increased, and the Troika was active.
3.4 Examples of cost control, high profitability Ton collection reflects the upgrading of the corporate product structure: the price gap between the company ' s revenue ton and the average coil (national direct entanglement of 2400tex prices) has increased steadily since 2013-2021, mainly as a result of the rising share of high-end products in the company, which irons the unit price of the fibre with structural upgrades.
The cost of a ton continues to fall down and the benefits of a reduction are significant: the price of the same type of fibre are not different from the manufacturer, so cost control is the core competitiveness of the fibres industry. The cost of a ton of companies has been declining from $4620/t in 2007 to $3185/t in 2018, and the annual drop in cagr is 3.3%, and since 2021, the cost and prices of the fibres industry are likely to change in a trend, with the cost passing through.
Reducing single consumption may not fully offset the impact of the fuel boom, and product structural upgrades and differentiations become more important. Ton net gains go up one step after 2014: benefiting from product structural optimization + continuing downs at the cost end, the public-sector profit level has clearly gone up one step since 2014, with the ton net profit hub rising from $200 to $500 to more than dry dollars.
The cost of raw materials and fuel purchases is significantly lower than that of companies in the same industry, and the cost control is much better. The share of direct materials, energy power, manufacturing costs and direct labour in the operating cost of fibres is 37 per cent, 23 per cent, 27 per cent, 13 per cent, respectively.
The unit purchase price of $2.34/m3 has a cost advantage of 0.12-0.5/m3 over the Thai and Shandong fibres.
The company is a global bovine. On the one hand, the size of the procurement, which was several times higher than that of its peers in 2019, and, on the other hand, the size of the production line, which also gives companies a low-cost advantage in terms of raw materials and fuel. (2) Industrial chain integration.
In the case of natural gas, companies build their own gas source stations and storage tanks to guarantee the stability of the gas supply. 3) Geographical advantage. In the case of feralds, China is one of the countries with one of the largest reserves of feramic resources, while Zhejiang and Fujian are among the countries with one of the largest reserves.
The advantages of transportation are evident when the land is close to the Zajiang Lai mine. 3.5 Financial data leads the industry, and the profit is high.
The price of the stone unit was not ahead of Thai and Chongqing International, but the cost per ton was 700-9000 ton lower than Thai ton, 1,000 ton lower than Chongqing ton less, and the net profit advantage was derived mainly from the cost end; the company unit cost was similar to that of the mountain to that of Shandong fibre, but the share of high-end products was higher, with a ton selling price of 700 to 1,000 ton higher than the mountain ton.
The Māori rate and net interest rate are leading. The company ' s Māori rate was 35.14 per cent in 2020, with an advantage of 4-10 percentage points over its counterparts, and the cost continued to fall over the period. The drop in the cost of sales was evident in 2019, mainly due to transport costs transferred to operating costs, and 0.73 per cent in 2021; the management cost was equal to +139 per cent, mainly due to a $762 million increase in employee remuneration compared to 2021, with excess gains.
The sum of 726 million dollars has been allocated to the RSP; the financial costs have been reduced in recent years, notably due to the annual decline in interest-earning expenditure, which has led to an increase in revenue. Incentives are sufficient: in August 2021, the company launched the Overprofit Sharing Programme, which provides a wide range of incentives, the incentive targets are linked to the net profit of the previous year, and the overprofit sharing has fully increased employee motivation.
4 Profit Forecasts and Investment Proposal 4.1 assumes that business splits in 2022, which corresponds mainly to 3-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty, Egypt 4-thirty-thirty.
300 million metres of electronic fabric line; 2023-2024 gross increment corresponds mainly to 200,000 tons of smart 1-line and 200,000 tons of smart 2-line 2-line in Kyki. 2) We calculate that the average price of the company ' s gross in 2021 was 6282 tons per ton and 696 tons per ton per ton per ton per ton per ton of electronic veil rice.
In the next 2-3 years, the company’s cortage, electronic fabric, and product structure are still growing, with the “troika” taking on an ever-increasing number of times in history.
Proves the ability to pass through the cycle, so we believe that the company has a greater margin of security in its current relative valuation than its peers can enjoy valuation premiums (intermediate technology or the diaphragm of lithium batteries) in comparison to vertical comparisons. Over the last 10 years of company pe, pb fluctuations, the public sector valuation indicators show a pattern of cyclical fluctuations, but we believe that: 1) the price volatility of the current round of fibre optics is higher and the price peaks continue to be high.
In the current “double carbon” context, energy costs may be kept high over a longer period, leading to high prices for fibres, and industry valuation hubs, or rising; 2) the current company pe is at a low point in the middle of the decade, while pb is at a low point in the middle of the decade, reflecting the company's profitability.
In our view, the company is the global owner of the bovine, with a clear cost advantage, and its capacity to invest is still increasing, with a certain premium on value. At the same time, the bovine industry, the rock itself, has a weak cycle, and there is much room for improvement in the valuation hub.
8x, for the first time, with a “recommended” rating. 1) Downward macroeconomics. Most of the downstream demand growth of the optics is linked to macroeconomics, and if macroeconomics continue to fall, the industry’s output marginal shocks dominate.
3) Large fluctuations in fuel prices. Recent trends have been influenced by geo-fragmentation, which has resulted in large increases in natural gas prices in the short term, and where raw material prices continue to operate at high levels, the profitability of companies may be significantly affected.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, which are presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, either for, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in the present report.