Retail dynamics were strong, asset quality repairs: on April 7, the Beijing Bank issued a 2022 report. In 22 years, 66.28 billion yuan was collected, yoy+0.0 per cent; net profit gains increased beautifully. In 22 years, net profit returns were collected at a higher rate than in the previous three quarters -3.2 pct,
\triangleright transitions and retail transformations show positive results, with the impact of market fluctuations in equity value changes and gains on agents and in the commissioning, settlement and liquidation, underwriting and consulting operations.
The scale expansion accelerates and strengthens interest differential management. In terms of scale growth, the q4 scale has accelerated, with a total of 22 years of \triangleright residual gold.
In terms of credit growth, the q4 loans, the research assistant in Bovin, the retail transition strategy has worked well. The customer base is solid, with 27.53 million retail customers in 22 years.
\triangleright Review: Retail Re-conversion Empowerment, Reconciling Asset Quality 2022/11/2. Mid 2022 Beijing Bank (601169.sh) reported:
3. Beijing Bank (601169.sh) event review: Senior Inspector 22h1 - 36bp, -29bp.
The two-year quarterly report elaborates on the results of the retail transition and the poor head-town business. The 22-year coverage rate is 9.8 to 210 per cent higher than the 22-q3 rate, with a higher risk offset capacity.
Improved asset quality facilitates the release of profits; in retail transitions, personal loans are increased, support rates are weak, and the contribution is better. The firm's deep-ploughing areas, and the retail transition is advancing, are gradually reflected in its performance contribution, \triangleright
Figure 1: Beijing Bank ' s year-on-year increase in performance as at 2022 (cumulative) Figure 2: Beijing Bank ' s net interest income as at 2022, median-on-year increase (cumulative) Figure 8: Beijing Bank ' s bad rate as at 2022
Figure 9: Beijing Bank interest rate, overdue rate Summary of data projections of corporate financial statements Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.