The icp etching device in the North helped to create a major breakthrough in industrial development in Shanghai in icrd14nmfinsetsadp.
In a message released by the North China Corporation, the Shanghai Centre for Integrated Circuit Development (icrd) and the North China Corporation announced on November 21, that it had completed 14 nm transistors (14nmfinfet) self-directional dual graphics using North China ' s nmc612d electrosensive coupling plasma (icp) etching machines, etc.
The autonomous development of the process, the process indicators have met the production requirements, and significant technological advances have been made in the development of the 14nm core process of integrated circuits — integrated circuits — to the 14nm core process.
The Shanghai Integrated Circuit Research and Development Centre is committed to advanced process research and development and national production certification of equipment. icrd has China’s most advanced 12 inch open integrated circuit advanced process development and equipping of materials, testing platforms, and equipment such as optical carving machines, etching machines, copper interconnections, light emits, large silicon tablets, etc.
The Shanghai Rainbow Group is one of the shareholders in the icrd, with a share ratio of 28.98%, and is listed as the first major shareholder in Shanghai. The company can produce 14 nm advanced processicp etching equipment.
There are prospects for industrialization of successful research and development as part of the China Rainbow Group’s advanced process. In the North, the NBC 612dicp etching machine was used as a core carving device for this 14nm advanced process, in the areas of corrosion physical control, homogeneity control, reduction of corrosion damage, and better carving choices.
It has the technical advantage of meeting 14 nanometres of multiple etching process processes and 7/5 nanometer extension capability. icp etching equipment is exceeding ccp etching.
Microstructures such as deep holes, deep ditches, microstructures, etc., capable of ion on a harder medium material, etching organic mosaics with a higher density plasma, which will be used mainly in the future for storage depths, widths compared to etchings, metal masks of logical circuits, etc., emulating the integration of Damascus structures.
The preparation is to carve softer and thinner materials with lower ion energy and very homogeneous ion concentrations, which will increasingly depend on the application of icp etching devices as a result of structural changes in logical devices towards advanced process development and storage, silicon-based and medium-precision etching.
The overall trend in the etching equipment market (semi statistics) is that the icp etching equipment market is surpassing the ccp etching equipment market. Company etching equipment orders are becoming more and more abundant.
Several silicon-based etching orders stored in the Yangtze River were continuously obtained in 2019 on the basis of the market price collected on 4 December 2019, and there were etching orders on mainstream crystallines such as tiles II and nectar.
The value is 116/86/66 times, but the company is fully integrated with integrated circuit equipment and fast-tracked into revenue.
The company's R & D has not progressed as expected, and downstream clients have not expanded as expected.