There has been a marked increase in orders for craft equipment such as silicone etching in the north, with clients concentrating their investments, and companies issuing three quarterly reports that generated revenue of $2.737 billion in the first three quarters, a 30.2 per cent increase in net profits.
In the third quarter, revenue and profit growth accelerated, mainly because of the concentration of client lines, which accelerated the pace of revenue recognition of corporate orders. The first round of continental crystal circle production, which began planning or work in 2016-2018, showed the growing maturity of product design and process technology: in terms of maturity processes, the rainbow semiconductor (non-tin) project, the Guangzhou pit semiconductor, etc., was launched in September; the advanced process equation was developed.
In the third quarter of the year, the company’s client covers most of the country’s production lines, the income from the postnatal service is recognized as increasing, and the equipment generated by the new round of customer expansion is being procured centrally.
Since the third quarter, there has been a significant increase in the number of winnings for integrated circuit process equipment, such as silicon base etching. According to China’s international tender network, North Huatori has marked the integrated circuit of Hine from July to the present.
The company has a limited number of sets of plant equipment, a solid permanent pressure of the polymer baking process for the semiconductor of the Shanghai Platoon, a tube, a decoupling and cleaning equipment, seven units, a pvd 5, a 6-inch decoupling equipment for the Electric Company of the Age of Expense, nine units, a mid-marked Chinese rainbow (non-tin) multi-crystal silicon, one ion etching equipment, and 10 units of process equipment stored in the Yangtze River, including those purchased for storage in the Yangtze.
One polycrystal silicon plasma etching device, two silicon pit etching equipment, three metal refrigerating equipment, three flat-pressure oxidation equipment, and one flat high-temperature decomposition equipment. Research and development expenditures increased significantly in the third quarter. The company spent 1,217 million yuan on development at the end of the third quarter, ring two.
By the end of the quarter, 90.6 billion yuan, the single quarter had increased by 311 million yuan, which was mainly an increase in capitalized R & D investment. Second, the cost of R & D after the first and third quarter of the company was $353 million, together with the R & D + Equity Innovation Centre, was expected to receive substantial financial support for product R & D. The company was expected to increase by 2 billion yuan.
The project has been validated and approved by the CVM. Investment funds are mainly used for high-end integrated circuit equipment development and industrialization projects, including the further industrialization of 14 nm equipment based on 28 nm nanoequipment and the development of key technology for 7/5 nm equipment.
Limited is the platform for research and development of integrated circuit equipment-related technologies created by joint ventures, such as shareholders, to facilitate the development and industrialization of integrated circuit equipment-related technologies of the company.pe is valued at 95/70/54 times, but the company has fully deployed integrated circuit process equipment and quickly received it.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. has made less progress in research and development than expected, and downstream clients have not expanded as expected.
Yang Shao Fai Tombo, a major contributor to this report,