Initiation in North China, equity incentives have increased to fully meet the semiconductor of the 5g era, and companies have launched a new phase of equity incentives, including 4.5 million stock options and 4.5 million.
Incentives have been awarded to a total of 448 persons. Work continues to increase employee incentives. In 2018, companies implemented the first 4.5 million stock options incentive schemes.
A total of no more than 9 million equity incentive schemes, equivalent to 200% last year, were awarded to 448 people, accounting for 131% of the number of people targeted last year, and the incentives ranged and incentives increased. The incentive plan also requires approval and approval by the Beijing City Council of State and consideration by the Corporate Shareholders Assembly.
The future will benefit from the industry-wide wave of semiconductors from the development of the 5g terminal application. Corporate development prospects are, on the one hand, the continued expansion of the continental crystallization plant and the nationalization of equipment: the first round of the continental crystallization plant, which began to be planned or started last year, shows that products design and process technology are becoming more mature: the maturity process.
On the other hand, the China Rainbow Semiconductor (Sixless) Project, the Guangzhou Trinket Semiconductor, etc., were launched in September; on the advanced stage, the finfet plant in the south central core was successfully built and began to be built and built; on the storage of chips, the Yangtze Storage Base was completed in its first phase and is expected to be produced by the end of this year.
In the third quarter of the year, 8gblpddr4 is officially operational. On the one hand, the outlook for corporate development is a semiconductor industry-wide wave of 5g terminal applications, including microcontrols, sensors, radio frequencies, power management and storage, among others, for mature processors and storage plants.
Since the third quarter, there has been a significant increase in the number of winnings for integrated circuit equipment, such as silicone etching. According to the China Inter-Tendering Network, Nord China has since July marked a limited number of cyth (Qingdao) integrated circuits, seven glue and cleaning units, pvd5 and 6 of the Changzhou China-Changan Electric Company.
Nine of the inch decoupling equipment; one of the vandalized silicon plasma etching equipment, two of the stations, silicon cavity etching equipment, three of the metal repulsion equipment, three of the stereopressure oxidation equipment, and one of the stand-up high temperature decomposition equipment.
The company’s $2 billion grant project has been approved and approved by the CMB for investment in high-end integrated circuit equipment development and production projects, including the further industrialization of 14 nm equipment based on 28 nm nanoequipment.
The Beijing Integrated Circuit Equipment Innovation Center Ltd., which is a research and development platform for integrated circuit equipment-related technologies, based on a joint venture of shareholders, using the market price of 12 November 2019 as a standard, is beneficial.
R & D and industrialization of technology related to the company ' s integrated circuit equipment, valued at 93/69/53 times, but fully deployed integrated circuit process equipment and fast-tracked to harvest Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
The company's research and development has not progressed as expected, and downstream clients have not expanded as expected.
Tombo, a major contributor to the report