q3 Performance meets expectations, with additional approvals for equipment development - 3rd Quarterly Report Review, 2019 North (002371). On 30 October, the company released the 3rd Quarterly Report, 2019, and realized operating income of 1,082 million in the 3rd quarter.
The net profit earned by shareholders of listed companies is 46 million yuan, an increase of 290.64% over the same period. The performance of battalion q3 increased significantly in the first three quarters and is expected to grow steadily throughout the year.
Revenue from the expansion of production size. Profitability has stabilized in the first three quarters, Māori sales rates and net sales equipment layouts have been clearly planned, and research and development inputs have continued to increase. Corporate semiconductor equipment layouts have been clearly planned to develop and produce an iterative model of “production, research and development generation, pre-research generation”.
At the end of the reporting period, the amount of accounts receivable stood at $1,119 million, and the advance approval of the Fu Xinjun project was approved to advance the advanced process equipment.
A total of up to $2 billion was allocated for the development of high-end integrated circuit equipment development and industrialization projects and the expansion of the high-precision electronic components industrialization base project, of which $910 million was subscribed to by the National Integrated Circuit Fund, $590 million by Beijing electricity control and $500 million by the Kyoto National Fund.
In West Side, at 28 West Rixie Street, at 1000 Hengsheng Building, Lujiang Gate Road, Fukuda District, Fukuwa, 6th tax-exempt trader.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business agreement with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.