First non-financial coverage report for the transport railway road Ningjong Highway (600377.sh)
Focus on Road Producers, Explore Multi-Specific Layout Investment Ratings: Buying (first time) Focus on Road Producers, with significant cash dividends. Ning Yu High Highway as Jiangsu Holding Holdings, Focusing on Charges
Road masters, by the end of 2024, the number of bridges in which companies were directly involved in operating or investing reached 19, controlling or participating in the bridge miles of about 1,000 kilometres.
The company’s core assets are the Sanning Highway, which connects Shanghai, Suzhou, Wuxi, Changzhou, Towns and Nanjing to six major central cities, with significant regional advantages.
In addition, the company has all or part of its interests in toll roads in Jiangsu province, such as the Ningang, the Jini, the Siu, the Siu, the Jing Jing, the Gang Jin Jing Jing Jing, and the Soga-Hung.
In 2024, the company contributed 55.22% of its gross road product. By the end of 2024, the average remaining cost of the company-controlled road product was 9.57 years, with a fee-cycle advantage for the growth of traffic, exploring the strategic layout of diversification, and making significant profits from investment returns.
Industry, new energy businesses, real estate businesses to further expand the profit margins and achieve sustainable corporate development. Ning Quan Quan’s high-speed investment returns contributed to the main operating profits, and in 2024 the company achieved investment returns of approximately 1.780 billion yuan, which contributed 907 million yuan and 712 million yuan, respectively, representing 50.96 per cent and 50.96 per cent of total investment returns, respectively.
15.1x14.5x13.8x. We select deep, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed a as comparable, high-speed, high-focus core road products, and continue to strengthen the scale of road products, with robust growth in performance, with first-time coverage given to “buy-in” ratings. Fees are not as high as expected; 3) investment in company construction is not as high as expected.
We have chosen deep, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed a-comparable, high-speed, high-focus core road products, and continue to strengthen the scale of the road output, with robust growth in performance, with the first “buy-in” rating for coverage. Transportation demand has warmed, and the company has continued to expand its road output, with expected revenue growth.
Promote investment in financial assets, investment in photovoltaic projects, co-development of real estate operations and transport. Three major areas or areas will continue to grow and revenue is expected to grow. 2) Cost: further focus of companies on ownership, optimization of support services and better management of benefits, despite the market.
There is considerable uncertainty about demand, and we expect that the company ' s future Māori ratio will continue to rise. 3) Cost: the company ' s interest-costed debt-bearing combined borrowing interest rates will be lower by the same ratio through active and effective financing measures, and financial costs will be reduced accordingly: other cost ratios will be reduced as the company transfers its factoring equity.
Initiatives such as the sale commission for the real estate project are expected to have a more stable cost rate. Ning Quan, which is the only public access bridge in Jiangsu province, relies on the strength of the long triangle core, allows for a leap in master skills through the expansion and intellectual upgrading of the road network, a steady increase in traffic and a significant increase in toll revenue.
The equity + participation model has contributed to stable returns and effective smoothing of industrial cycle fluctuations. Accompanied services, new energy and real estate business transformations have been upgraded, contributing to increased efficiency in operations, and companies have continued to promote industrial integration and synergies in their operations to further sustainable development and to strengthen high-scoring capabilities.
1. Macroeconomic fluctuations have resulted in less than anticipated increases in traffic; (2) toll revenue has been lower than expected as a result of fee policy adjustments; and (3) investment in corporate construction has been less than expected.
The Jiangsu Holdings Company, a regional network of highways, focuses on regional production and invests in multiple highways. Jiang Suningang Highway Co. Ltd. (“Ningong Go Speed”) was established in 1992 and placed on the market in 1997 and 2001 respectively.
The infrastructure industry, which was built in 1996 at the heart of the production of the high-speed river Jiangsu sector, and in 2006 at the end of the eight-track expansion, between 2015 and 2021, the company succeeded in expanding the road network through the roads of Buchening, Deep Towns, Sicily, Non-Sixie-Rocking Lake, Chang, Long and Mount Five. By the end of 2024, Ninging Gao had been able to build the road.
The number of bridges directly involved in operating or investing amounted to 19 and the number of bridges with control or equity participation amounted to about 1,000 kilometres. Chart 1: The Ningjong Highway has a history of control over the Gangsu secondary enterprises, with strong shareholders.
By the end of 2024, Jiangsu held a share in the Ningjong highway of 54.44%, while Jiangsu controlled that the effective control was the Jiangsu State Finance Committee. Jiangsu controlled the core functions of financing key transport infrastructure investments throughout the province, the main channel, and the high-speed network operating the main platform, which now manages 5323 km of highways.
There are 95.12% provincial railway groups, 29.69% provincial port groups and 27.3% eastern airport groups. 1.2. Revenue is generated from a toll bridge at its core, a diversified business layout, a focused road bridge master, and a diversified business.
Business, new energy operations and finance, to promote sustainable development. 1) Roadbridge operations are the core business of companies that earn tolls through camp-to-roads, which generated revenues of approximately $9,528 million throughout 2024, or 41.07 per cent of total operating income. 2) Income from construction is income from public infrastructure construction operations in the form of ppp.
In 2024, the auxiliary services generated revenues of approximately $1.739 billion, or 7.50 per cent of the total. 4) New energy operations are run by a subsidiary, Cinderella, which relies on offshore wind and photovoltaic projects to earn the cost of electricity sales. In 2024, the company earned revenues from electricity sales of about $720 million, or 3.10 per cent of the total. 5) Advertising and other business include investment earnings from company participation, financial assets.
Real estate operations are run by the subsidiary Ningjian, a corporation that deals with the construction and sale of houses. The proceeds from the sale carried over from 2024 were approximately $137 million, or 0.59 per cent of the total.
Figure 4: Composition of operating income by operation in 2024 (%)
In 2024, the main result was a similar increase in investment in the construction of bridges, which contributed to higher revenue during the construction period, synergies between the main sector and the diversified business, and significant profits from investment earnings. Roadbridge operations were the company’s core business, with a gross profit of $5.608 billion in 2024, representing 91.97 per cent of gross profits and a Māori rate of 58.86 per cent.
The return on investment in beneficial instruments contributed RMB 907 million and RMB 712 million respectively, representing respectively 50.96 per cent and 40.03 per cent of total investment earnings, of which the return on long-term equity investment came from the public division of company participation in road production and supporting services, energy, finance and management services; and the return on investment in other equity instruments came from the company ' s share in the shares of Jiangsu Bank and Jiangsu Leasing.
In 2024, equity payments amounted to 49.90%. Despite the impact of external factors on performance, the company maintained a red fraction 2.
Accompanied services explore new and emerging models The company has a clear position through its “share-plus-share” model of road resources in the province of Bugangsu. The Ningjong High Highway core is located in the Jiangsu sector of the Luongning Highway, connecting Shanghai, Suzhou, Wuxi, Changzhou, Town, Nanjing, and six major central and central cities.
In addition to the high-speed Ning, the high-speed, the high-speed, the high-speed Sicily, the high-speed, the high-paced, the high-speed, the river-clan bridge, and the toll-free road bridge located in Jiangsu province. By the end of 2024, Ning Ying directly participated in or invested in 19 road-bridge projects, controlling or participating in the bridge about 1,000 kilometres.
By the end of 2024, the average remaining cost of a company-controlled road product was 9.57 years, and the fee-cycle advantage provided sufficient time windows for the growth of traffic and the release of revenue. In terms of income structure, the Tung Ning highway contributed 55.22 per cent of the total road product revenue in 2024, representing the company’s core assets, and the rest of the high speed, Ning Chang and the town high speed, the Mount Five Peak Bridge, the Guangchang and the Saka.
Quick contribution income is relatively high, with a combined contribution of 15.60%, 11.03%, 9.62%. In terms of the corresponding Māori structure, 56.9% of the total Māori is contributed by the Jiaoning high-speed contribution, 16.59% by Ning and the Township high-speed contribution, 12.03% by the Hiroshima and Sakazu high-speed combined and 11.72% by the Five Peak Hill Bridge.
30.19% of the traffic, 20.55% of the total traffic, 15.15% of the traffic, and 15.15% of the traffic. The three high-speed groups above constitute the top three average daily traffic, reflecting the synergy between the advantage of the road area and the mileage.
In 2022, the company's innovative hiring and operating model launched a large platform, “Base-plus” programme, piloting the Senimen Hill service area, to explore cooperative mechanisms for sharing the benefits and sharing the risks with the leasing parties.
The impact of the slippage was a decline of between $567 per cent and $1.739 billion in the same year in the operations of the supporting services, of which $1,520 million, or 87.41 per cent, was earned from the sale of oils; $177 million, or 10.19 per cent, from the rental of the service area; and $4.2 billion, or 2.4 per cent, from catering, petty sales and clean-up services.
3. The three pillars drive the upgrading of the revenue structure: financial investment expansion, new energy sources, housing strategy shifts, and the upgrading of the revenue structure.
In order to diversify the risks and enhance the development momentum, Ning Qing Qing will focus on opportunities for participation in high-quality financial standards in the area of financial investment and actively promote the optimal restructuring of the industry. In the context of new energy operations, Yunsui-jin has continued to promote the deep integration of clean energy and transport and actively explore the exchange of energy.
In real-estate business, Ning Qin’s stock projects continue to be driven by de-escalation and industrial synergies. Companies are driving investment gains through “sharebridges + finance” on a two-wheel basis.
Investment earnings from participating companies, which involved road production and supporting services, energy, finance, etc., accounted for 618 million yuan or 68.14 per cent of long-term equity returns on investment earnings from participating financial companies and energy companies in 2024, and 241 million yuan and $40 million, respectively, from long-term investment earnings from participating financial companies and energy companies, respectively.
Equity income from Jiangsu Leasing Company, which in 2024 was recognized at $608 million and $105 million respectively, is the joint venture between Jiang Sou Bank Limited and Jiang Sou Finance Leasing Co. Ltd.  Road Bridge and ancillary services  Finance  Energy Management Services
By the end of 2024, the company had an equity capacity of 598.08 megawatts (MW) in production.
With the development of new energy vehicles, vehicles, 5g, and autopilot technologies, the new energy business will collaborate with the road bridge industry to provide new momentum for companies to achieve sustainable development. In 2024, as a result of wind resource factors, Yunsun Qinggen, such as its offshore wind power project in the East, increased electricity access to the Internet.
Real estate operations are run by the subsidiary Ningjian and Han Wai. Ningjing and Han Wei were established in 2008 and 2015, respectively, and the main business is real estate development and economics.
In 2024, the company actively promoted the decolonization of the stock project, using the written building of the Chinese Centre for Technology and Development as a vehicle, and worked with the China Institute of Technology and Technology to build centres of collaboration and innovation in the intelligent transport industry.
The Division carried forward sales revenue of approximately $137 million, a 71.13 per cent decrease over the same period, mainly due to the small scale of real estate project delivery over the same period of the previous year; warmth, the build-up of the company ' s continuous expansion of road production, and expected sustained growth in revenue. 2) Companies continue to promote investment in financial assets, investment in photovoltaic projects, synergies in real estate operations and transport, with projected revenues in three main areas or a continuation of the growth trend
2) Cost: The company focuses further on ownership, optimizes the operation of supporting services and strengthens the management of excellence, and we expect that the company ' s future Māori ratio will continue to rise despite greater uncertainty in market demand. 3) Cost: the interest-costed interest-bearing debt combined lending rate is lower than ever through active and effective financing measures.
Financial costs have been reduced accordingly; other cost rates are expected to be more stable as companies transfer factoring shares and reduce commission sales for real estate projects, among other initiatives. The Ningjian high-speed zone is located in the Yangtze Delta region, one of China’s most dynamic economies.
As companies continue to improve their road networks and integrate and develop across long triangles, they are expected to increase their road traffic further, leading to a sustained increase in income and profitability. We expect the company to return to net profits in 2025-2027. 1) Macroeconomic fluctuations have led to less than expected growth in traffic: if the economy fluctuates, weak demand has led to a decline in traffic.
(b) Toll revenues are likely to fall short of expectations as a result of fee policy adjustments: toll revenues are likely to fall below expectations in the event of a future policy of tariff discounts and highway revenues;
3) Investments in company construction are not as expected: if the company ' s road construction and investment fall short of expectations, the company ' s capacity will be suspended and its income may fall short of expectations.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.