The first four-priced Hpv vaccine has been cleared for import and ready to go to the market.
Description of the incident: Ji Fei Bis announced that the company had obtained a Customs clearance for imported medicines issued by the Beijing Food and Drug Surveillance Authority, and that the four-priced human papilloma virus vaccine (the yeast brewer) produced by the first Mishadong Pharmaceuticals Associated Company, Inc., had been imported into the facility.
We have a critical situation with regard to the prevention of cervical cancer, and the Hpv vaccine is the most effective method of preventing it. According to the China Cancer Statistics Report 2015, the number of new cases of cervical cancer in the country was estimated to have been higher in the year.
Market data: on 18 September 2017, 98.9 million deaths were estimated at 30.5 million, the third highest cancer among women between 15 and 44 years of age.
Cervical cancer is caused by the continued infection of the high-risk Hpv virus, and vaccination is the most effective way to prevent circulation/total share capital (billion) of Hpv infection and develop cervical cancer.
The company will perform well in the future as the sole agent of the four-priced Hpv vaccine. The four-priced human papilloma virus vaccine (Hpv6, 11, 16, 18) is the first palace in the world.
Cervical cancer vaccine, which effectively prevents 70% of cervical cancer. This May, when the vaccine was approved in the country, was the first four-priced Hpv vaccine to be marketed in the country. The company is the sole agent for the vaccine, with an undistributed profit per share.
According to the Chinese Statistical Yearbook 2016, the number of women in the 20-45 age group in China is about 280 million, and the size of the field is 33.5 billion yuan, and the space is huge.
The company's own exclusive product, ac-hib, is in good sales, the exclusive agent product, Liu Jianhong, the 4-priced Hpv vaccine is about to be marketed, and the market consumption concerns are rising.
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.