On June 30, Chi Fei Bian announced that the company's performance for 17 years was expected to make a profit of 1.57.
1. A significant advance in reported performance and an imminent outbreak of high growth has been registered, and this stagnation has led to a significant decline in performance, a full recovery in corporate performance since this year, and a significant increase in good business conditions, although the performance base for the same period for 16 years was low at only 1204 per cent.
There's still a lot of growth in companies. There's a lot of potential, there's a lot of R & D pipelines, there's a good stock, there's a future market expansion based on the 3Ds, a four-priced Hpv and a five-price rotation for the sole agent, and a microcard and ec diagnostic test in the R & D pipeline.
The company’s future performance is expected to rise in products such as agents.2, ac-hib, with a strong growth in performance in the medium term.ac-hib, the company’s core product, does not differ significantly from the total inoculation price of single seedlings.
On the basis of this, the number of vaccinations has been reduced, the probability of side effects has been reduced, in line with the future course of the epidemic, the multi-priced development of the Hmong, with a clear product and patient-dependent advantage, based on the "Smart Flying Life (300122) Incident Assessment: Agent hpv "
With the strong corporate marketing team and the advantage of the triple-supplier product, the company is expected to make a net profit of about 400 million dollars over 17 years, with a significant increase reported, which we consider to be primarily a performance contribution from good company sales of triple-supplies.
In 2012, the company signed a four-priced hpv exclusive agency agreement with Mercerton for a period of “3+2” including three sales years and three sales years.
Two consecutive years, with three sales year base purchases of $1.140 billion, $1.483 billion, and $1,853 billion. Given the potential blue sea in the domestic market and the current good competition patterns, and the excellent marketing team, Ji Fei will share the country’s hundreds of millions of dollars.
Flying organisms provide great elasticity in performance.4 Research and development pipelines are rich, heavy weight products are being promoted, and the market is expected to be strong, and companies are well-developed, among the research products: 1) diagnostic reagents in nodules are currently being prepared for the iii phase and are expected to be priced in the future.
In some areas, there are 20% of the population with bacteria, and the incidence rate is close to 5%. With the current market using BCG prevention ineffective, it is expected that a large area will be opened in the future when the microcard is on the market and we expect the market to reach 1 billion levels in the future.
This is the first cause of severe acute gastrointestinal inflammation in infants and young children. In our country, about 10 million infants and young children are affected each year by rotavirus infectious gastrointestinal inflammation, about one fourth of children under the age of two, which is the leading cause of severe diarrhoea in infants and young children.
Once the PV vaccine is on the market, it will quickly take over the market with an immuno-valor advantage. Based on the current sales of the single-priced PV in Lanzhou, it is expected that the sales peak will also receive a billion-dollar scale, regardless of the performance gains resulting from the next five-price PV vaccine and the prevention of heavy-pound products such as microcards, we look forward to the company's future development, given the company's current sales.
Now that the good sales of the ac-hib three seedlings and the success of the four-priced hpv product and the huge market space, we have significantly raised the sales of the three seedlings below expectations; the sales of the hpv vaccine have fallen short of expectations; and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Three years of work experience in the securities industry and three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry.
Quaker, seventh core member of the new wealth team in 2015 and third core member of the crystal ball in 2015. Master of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, and Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Xiamen, China.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.