The Hpv vaccine has been cleared for clearance and the listing process is in line with expectations. On 18 September, the company issued an announcement that the four-priced papilloma virus vaccine (the yeast brewer) produced by the company ' s first associate company of the Mossadong Pharmacy Plant, Inc., had been cleared for licensing.
Please and import the drug test: the company will organize the release of the vaccine as soon as possible to the Chinese Institute of Food and Drug Inspection to complete the clearance of the Hpv vaccine and make steady progress in its listing
The company received the first four-priced Hpv vaccine clearance document, which is a major milestone in the listing of this product, which means that the Department can begin to process the request for issuance and the import of pharmaceutical tests. The process of issuing the release will begin as soon as possible, considering that it will normally take three months to issue the product at the Central Court, and we expect the company’s first four prices.
The Hpv vaccine product will be on the market early next year.
In May 2017, the four-priced Hpv vaccine was registered with cfda, and on June 27 it was awarded in Yunnan. According to the latest news, the product was also awarded in Henan, Chongqing, and Heilongjiang.
Cervical cancer is the second highest cancer in the world among women aged 15-44, and research estimates that the country will have new cervical cancers in 2015.
9,800 deaths, 30,500 deaths, and Hpv is the most effective method of preventing cervical cancer at present. The estimated size of the female population between 20 and 45 years of age is about 270 million, which shows that this product has a huge potential in the country as a company-only heavy-pound species, with a four-priced Hpv vaccine on the market as expected, and is expected to increase significantly in the future.
hpv vaccine sales are lower than expected. Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,