Twilight Flying Organism (300122.sz) Biological product, type II vaccine has recovered well, and the four-priced Hpv vaccine is the most visible.
The reason for the report is: semi-annual reviews The event description: Twilight Bio published its semi-annual report for 2017 and the company achieved a business gain in the first half of the year, an increase of 1,326.96 per cent over the same year.
The impact of the industrial events has gradually been eliminated, and the second type of vaccine has been sold well. During the reporting period, the industrial impact of the vaccine project has been gradually eliminated, the new industry has been phased out and the sale of the second type of disease has resumed, while the company is concentrating on ac-hib joint vaccine.
At the core, there is a sustained drive to sell their own products, with the sale of their own products as a profit growth point, relying on a large marketing team to fully promote and sell vaccine products, and results Market data: August 15, 2017
In the first half of the year, corporate autonomous product type II vaccine generated operating revenues of $415 million, working well with Mercerton, where the four-priced Hpv vaccine was most visible. The company maintained good and stable cooperation with Mercerton, which was renewed during the reporting period with Mercerton.
Sales and extension service agreements, the company continues to have exclusive responsibility for marketing the 23-priced vaccine against pneumonia and the hepatitis A vaccine in mainland China. In addition, the four-priced Hpv vaccine, the most popular and exclusive, was approved in May of this year.
Basic data: 30 June 2017, in an orderly progress, the published data show that the product of the agreement has been awarded Yunnan at a price of $798 per budget (three for 2394 per person), based on the Chinese Statistical Yearbook 2016.
In 2015, around 280 million women in the 20-45 age group were refinancing projects from the consumer base for the sustainable development of companies. The company took advantage of capital markets to deepen research and development, and launched its first refinancing scheme in April, with no public release.
More than 100 million shares, not more than 2.35 billion yuan, are being invested in the development of a new joint vaccine production for the wise-flying green bamboo, the industrialization project (phase I), the rabies vaccine (two-fold cell) for the wise-flying dragoncoma, the industrialization project and the research and development of the Gi-flying-koma Biopharmaceutical Park (a) project.
Project Heart, the successful implementation of this refinancing scheme will further enrich the cash flow of corporate product development, ensure the long-term layout of corporate research and development, and enable the company to achieve sustainable long-term sustainability.
The company’s autonomous exclusive product, ac-hib, is in good sales, and the exclusive agent product, the four-priced hpv vaccine market, is huge. We predict the company’s eps Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. for 2017-2019.
This is compounded by the maintenance of an “enhanced” rating, which covers expected risks, industry policy risks, and doubtful accounts receivable.