The return to vaccine sales will be in a high-growth phase - mid-2017.
The negative impact of the Shandong vaccine incident on the industry as a whole has been largely eliminated, the industry new deal has been gradually implemented, the company ' s sales of type II vaccines have resumed well, and the company ' s business is well established.
Income and net profits have increased significantly over the same period of the previous year. In the first half of 2017, companies achieved revenues of $445 million, an increase of 142.01 per cent over the same period, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $172 million, an increase of 1326.96 per cent over the same period. In the second quarter, companies achieved operating income of 2.83 per cent.
Millions of yuan, resulting in a net profit of $111 million, a marked recovery in performance in the second quarter and a 92.26 per cent Māori sales rate in the first half of the year compared with vaccine events (2017h1), with a higher Māori rate due to major products
The sales cost was 24.02% in the first half of the year, a decrease of 18.08% in the same year, mainly due to flat fixed costs following a significant increase in operating income.
In the last six months, the company has been selling five autonomous products, including ac-hib vaccine, acyw 135 multi-cerebral, hib vaccine, ac-cerebral multi-sugar vaccine, and the company has been pushing hard in the first half of the year.
The sale of home-grown vaccine products, dominated by the global exclusive ac-hib vaccine, resulted in a mass issuance of 1.8294 million vaccines in the first half of the year, with varying increases over the same period last year.
Agent 4-price hpv has been approved and is expected to officially contribute performance in 2018. In terms of proxy products, the company's sole agent, Mossathon's 4-priced hpv vaccine, gardasil, has received a drug registration package in the mainland region in May this year and is now in the Yunnan province, nationwide.
In other provinces, the bidding process is proceeding in an orderly manner and is expected to be officially marketed in 2018.The gardasil industry report (300122) 2016, which can be used to prevent high levels of malignant cancer in women, applies to women between 20 and 45 years of age.
The recovery led to a steady performance, heavy-pound products boosted profits, and the market space was huge, with a base purchase of hpv vaccines – billions of dollars – under an agreement between the company and Mercerton. When the product was officially marketed, the company would be profited.
In addition, in the first half of the year, the company renewed its vaccine distribution and extension service agreement with Mercerton, a United States company that continues to have exclusive responsibility for marketing the mainland Chinese market for 23-priced vaccine against pneumonia and the live hepatitis A vaccine, with sales of proxy products expected to start in the second half of this year.
New products are sold below expectations, R & D is at below expectations, and industry policy risks. Given the rapid recovery of company performance, and the expected contribution of a 4-price hpv vaccine next year, it is hoped that the new product will be released in the next year.
The company's valuation is higher than the average in the pharmaceutical biology industry. The company is a leading company in the country for type II vaccines, and its performance is gradually recovering as the national vaccine policy for category II is warming; the DGAS is strong in research and development, and many new innovations, multi-priced multi-vaccine products will be marketed over time.
New growth points in profit creation; once the exclusive agent's 4-priced Hpv vaccine is marketed, it will bring a very good profit to the company. We look forward to the company's development over the coming period and maintain an “uptake” of schedule 1 financial data and projections (in millions of yuan)
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.