There's been a high-growth performance, a large Hpv space, an event review of the intelligent flying creature (300122), an intelligent flying creature.
Dollars, 1629.61% more than the previous quarter. The second quarter saw a $283 million in revenue, a significant increase in performance.
The sales were strong and the 23-priced pneumonia and hepatitis A vaccine and the vaccine flow of Mercado were re-represented, with a net profit of 168 million yuan, an increase of 1629.61 per cent over the same period, and a significant increase in corporate profits, mainly in other key financial indicators, with accounts receivable increasing by 56.92 per cent over the same period.
The reasons for the impact of vaccine events, the increase in sales revenues, and the vaccine “one vote”; 88.46% increase in stock, mainly due to the company acting as agent for the purchase of 23-priced pneumonia and hepatitis A seedlings. The company was the company with the strongest performance since the vaccine incident, while at the same time it was the one with the highest incidence of vaccine outbreaks.
Heavy weight, large variety of potential, well-stocked R & D pipelines, promising to continue in the future.
The company's core product, ac-hib, was on the market at the end of 15th, and the total price of vaccinations was not the same as single seedlings.
On a large scale, the number of vaccinations has been reduced, the probability of side effects has been reduced, in line with the trend towards multipriced vaccines not reaching the vaccine, with a clear product and patient dependence advantage. 16 years of low sales as a result of the Shandong vaccine incident, 17 years with sales channels
Recovery, rapid release, according to our grass-roots research, some regions are growing by a quarter, with high performance rates being reported by help companies. We believe that, with strong corporate marketing targets, the current winning price of about $220 is expected to be only three seedlings.
Three, exclusive agent Mossadon's four-priced hpv vaccine, and the Blue Sea market's hundreds of billions of class space.
According to the National Statistics Office data for 2015, the number of women in the 20-45 age group is estimated to be about 280 million, and the current price of the Ghada 3 needles is about 2,500. To the right, the potential domestic market is huge, assuming a 20% vaccination rate in the future, the market is about 140 billion.
The potential blue sea and the current good competition patterns, coupled with the excellent sales team, we believe that Hpv will be marketed quickly, and Ji Fei will share hundreds of millions of dollars in the country with Mercerton. The four-priced Hpv vaccine has now been successful in Yunnan Province, at $798/agent, and all the other rivers, north and south, and if successful and even likely to be sold within the year, the next Hpv vaccine will be marketed and will be a belt of intelligent bios.
Research and development pipelines are rich, heavy-pound products are continuously advanced, and a five-priced cycle is expected to be heavily marketed. The company is rich in research pipelines, among the products: 1) diagnostic reagents in nodules are currently in the process of iii clinical phase, which is expected to replace the current use of gamma disruptor detection methods in the market, depending on the price advantage; 2) microcards are now in the clinical iii stage.
The number of cases is second in the category of A and B infectious diseases, and in some areas there are even 20% of the germic population, with a prevalence rate of almost 5%. With the current market using BCG, it is expected that the future micro-cards will be opened in large areas, and we expect the future market to reach a scale of 1 billion, depending on the size. 3) The company's agent, Moshalton, has entered the priority review process in February of this year, and we believe that it will be approved within 17 years.
Rotaviruses are the primary cause of severe acute gastrointestinal inflammation among infants and young children. In our country, about 10 million infants a year suffer from Rotaryvirus infections, about one fourth of which are under the age of two, and are the most important cause of severe diarrhoea among infants and young children. We expect that when the vaccine is marketed, it will quickly take over the market with an immuno-val advantage, based on the current sales of the single-priced Rotavirus in Lanzhou.
We look forward to the company's future development, given the Division's years of farming and strong marketing teams on the vaccine market, as well as the good sales of the ac-hib triple seedlings and the 4-pound Hpv epidemic.
The sale of the 3D seedlings was lower than expected; the sale of the Hpv vaccine was lower than expected; the industrial events affected the source of the financial boom in the East; the source of the financial boom in the East; and the source of the financial boom in the East.
Ji Fei Bios (300122): High-growth performance, acting as head of Hpv's vast space, Jan Jang, team leader of the pharmaceutical biology industry, three years of portfolio research experience, three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry.
Quaker, seventh core member of the new wealth team in 2015 and third core member of the crystal ball in 2015. Master of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, and Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Xiamen, China.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.