The road to reorganization ends with the opening of a high-growth road to light and communications.
In May 2017, the Intermediary Association for the Acquisition of Xuzhou was approved to purchase 100 per cent of Suzhou ' s shareholdings by issuing shares to 27 investors at a price of $2.8 billion for asset transactions. In July 2017, the company completed the sale of the assets, the sale of new shares, the distribution of new shares in the purchase of the assets, and the construction of the production line and the upgrading of the automated production line of the optical module.
▪ The accelerated deployment of the data flow with 5g and the object network will further drive the demand for the high-speed light module: It is projected that the size of China's idc market will be close to 140 billion yuan in 2018, with an increase of 39.6 per cent, while the number of items connected to the network will continue to be released with the rapid development of the object network.
As a necessary device to connect the data centre server to the switchboard and storage equipment, the climate is expected to remain high over the long term. Moreover, according to the 5g network plan, the 5g speed rate would be 10-100 times that of the 4g network, at which point the communications base station would have to use a light module to achieve service functionality, so the 5g demand for the light module would be well above 4g-to-light.

With a large volume capacity of 100 g light modules, more advanced products like 200g/400g have been developed. In the field of transmission, Xinjiang has completed the launch of 10 gipononu/olt products and is expected to form a mass supply in 2017.
1. Intermediary equipment: acquisition of dust and dust, promise of 173 million, 216 million, 279 million, corporate average profit growth of 44 per cent over the past two years.
2. Intermediary equipment: the purchase of Sioux Xin is above expectations and the performance is almost non-suspensionable. Under the performance overperformance award, the performance pledge will be awarded 60% of the excess performance, with a significant incentive effect on the public.
Over time, the Division's growth potential in light communications has injected confidence into the company's ability to achieve a higher-than-expected profit.
The demand for bandwidth continues to rise and the construction of high-speed communication networks accelerates, and the entire light communication market is dominated by fast-wired communication modules, with long-term industrial dividends and strong medium- and long-term growth dynamics in companies.
As industry leaders, companies have a high degree of certainty about their performance growth, and the pace of growth is significantly ahead of industry parity, with a scarce white horse attribute. So, we believe that companies enjoy a reasonable valuation of risk; the growth of competitors has led to increased competition in the industry and a serious decline in prices.
Risks; fund-raising projects do not meet the expected risks. 1 Company profile and main battalion operations. Intermediary equipment is one of the leading companies in the manufacture of equipment around domestic electric machines, which was identified as high-tech in December 2008.
The company is mainly engaged in the development, design, manufacture, sale and servicing of electrical spinar equipment, and is a small supplier in the country that can provide the customer with a set of spinners. The products are mainly used in the areas of household electrical power generators, industrial power generators, motor generators, motor power generators.
The technological level and the size of the production are significant advantages in China, where the company’s brand was identified by the Chinese Electrical Industry Association as the most influential brand in the electronics industry. In 2016, the company’s share of major operations was 44.55% of automatic production lines, 25.46% of essential spare parts, 22.19% of single-processors and 7.81% of multiple-processors, respectively.
With the slowdown in economic growth, the low power and equipment manufacturing industry in which the company is located, and the volatility and lack of growth in recent years in the level of its revenue and net profit levels, the company has actively engaged in extended M&As, which are priced by the country ' s well-known light-module manufacturer, Suzhou.
In May 2017, the CSRC approved the purchase of 100% of the sum worth of the sum in Suzhou by issuing shares to 27 investors at a price of $2.8 billion for asset transactions. In July 2017, the company completed the bid and sold the new shares, and the final issue price was $13.54/ for the value of the new shares issued to purchase the assets.
490 million yuan, to be used in light module development and production line construction projects, conversion of automated optical module production lines2 data flow outbreak and accelerated deployment of 5g, and material networking, high-speed light module industry competition 2.1 data centre expansion and continued growth of physical connectivity
According to China’s Idc Industry Development Study 2015-2016, the overall Idc market will continue to grow at a rate of more than 35% over the next three years, and China’s Idc market will be close to 140 billion yuan in 2018. According to the synergyresearchgroup, there will be more than 400 mega-data centres worldwide by 2018.
A large data centre, which requires more than 100,000 high-speed light module products, has become the fastest-growing plate in the optical communications industry. In addition, there is a rapid expansion of the network of things, and the number of connections to the network continues to grow, with the total number of connections to the network to be 3.5 billion in 2020, as projected by Machinarearch.
The central server is expected to have a long-term high temperature of essential devices connected to the switchboard and storage equipment. The rapid growth in data flow also increases the demand for transmission speed in the data centre, resulting in high-speed, high-capacity photomodels.
♪ China japan australia ♪
♪ Canada singpore ♪
♪ India brazil ireland ♪
Other longkongnewherlands 2.25g accelerated deployment and increased transmission network expansion pressure
Mobile communication developments have so far placed higher demands on communications capacity, with diverse demands ranging from high-resolution videos to ar/vr, all demanding a step-up in the next generation of networks, with explosive growth in mobile data flows. The Imt-5g propulsion group expects global mobile data traffic to grow more than 200 times between 2010 and 2020, and between 2010 and 2020.
By 2030, it will have grown nearly 20,000 times; China is growing at a faster rate than the global average; it is expected to increase at a faster rate from 2010 to 2010, with Shanghai growing 600 times from 2010 to 2020, and Beijing hotspots growing 1,000 times. The fifth generation of mobile communications (5g) for 2020 and the future have become the largest global operator.
In the context of the explosive growth of data flow, base station loops and the overall back-end transmission network amplification pressure are multiplied. Telecommunication operators will upgrade the bandwidth of the transmission network and will significantly boost the demand for telecommunication-grade light modules, changing the market for light modules 2.3 light module markets to accelerate growth
According to projections from infonetics, sales revenue from the 10g/40g/100g light module is steadily increasing, with more than $3 billion expected to be generated from the 10g light module in 2020.3 Suzhou has a full competitive advantage, with both technology and markets.
The company has a wide range of product types including 10gsfp+, 10gxfp, 25gsfp28, 40g qsfp+, 100ggcfp4/qsfp28, and the manufacturing process leads the country.
While maintaining a leading position in the current number of products, Xinjiang has made efforts to raise the market share of 100-g products, and has begun to develop higher end products such as 200g/400g. According to the purchase reports issued by the intermediary equipment, Xinjiang became operational in 2014, 2015 and 2016
The high-speed growth of Stewardship has largely benefited from its leading edge in the 40g/100g high-speed light module, as well as the strong demand for high-speed light modules in a wide range of fields. 3.2 The R & D team is from Silicon Valley and has strong R & D capabilities.
After many years of exploration, Sioux has formed a professional, stable, and experienced research and development team. It has placed great emphasis on investment and technological innovation, constantly shaping industry leaders through technological innovation and maintaining an absolute competitive edge in the industry.
In 2016, 2015, and 2014, the share of Sioux Xinjiang R & D investment in operating income was 7.57 per cent, and 3.3 countries had large customers and international markets abroad. In terms of market expansion, Sioux not only entered the supply system of Chinese, Chinese, Chinese and Chinese domestic producers, but more so.
The demand for high-end global light modules now comes mainly from the US market, and 100 g light modules are in short supply. Currently, Sioux’s homeowners are up to 90% in North America and China, with sales in other countries and regions amounting to about 10%.
1. The market for light modules is in a period of rapid development, and the growth engine at this stage comes mainly from the digital market, and future growth forces will also come from the telecommunications market. It is expected that the volume of 10g products will increase gradually, with 10g products equal between 2017 and 2020, and that companies have accumulated 40g/100g products and processes with a high yield capacity compared to other competitors.
The Māori rate can be maintained at a high level with advantages in power, manufacturing costs, and product performance.3 The Sioux State new plant was relocated, the new plant was more than four times as capable as its original plant, and it was expected to be fully operational by 2019, with production climbing at a reasonable pace, on the basis of an order and its own productive capacity.
4. Listed companies have introduced high overperformance incentives for Stimulus, with performance promisers receiving 60% of the overperformance reward, which is very generous. The Stimulus team is sufficiently motivated to actively develop its business and release profits.5 The old operations of intermediate equipment have been growing slowly and smoothly, with no significant decline in performance.
6. Intermediary equipment for start-up operations is calculated starting with the July hand-out schedule.7 The impact of intermediary equipment matching financing is not considered for the time being.7 With the promotion of wireless 4g and the promotion of 5g, wireless re-entry products are moving from the low end to 25g/50g/100g
The fast switch, the 10-25-g product will continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years, and the Māori ratio is already below 20%, will be less than 5%, and will no longer be the focus of corporate business. As the M & A table is completed, the net profit level of mid-equipment equipment will be equal to p92/36/23x. As the demand for bandwidth continues to rise and high-speed communication networks accelerate, consolidation will take place.
The public sector, as the leader of the industry, has a high degree of certainty about performance growth and a sharp ahead of industry averages, with scarce white horse attributes. Thus, we believe that the company enjoys a reasonable valuation premium, exceeding the capr in 2017-2019.
Unexpected growth in market demand for high-speed light modules above 1 100g has led to weak growth in corporate revenue growth. 2 100g light module chips have been severely undersupplied, resulting in a failure to release and deliver to customers, revenue has been over-expected, competition has expanded 100g products over-demanded, resulting in a fall in the price of 100g products,
The collection and Māori rate was not as high as expected. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board