A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Tigermed (300347 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Near term pressure from COVID-19 outbreak won't
Target Price
RMB87.18
hurt long-term growth prospects
(Previous TP
HKD91.80)
Up/Downside
+13.31%
Strong earnings growth in 2019. Tigermed reported inline 2019 results with
Current Price
RMB76.94
attributable net profit surged 78% YoY to RMB842mn which was mainly due to 1)
22% YoY revenue growth, 2) RMB278mn one-off investment gains and fair value
China Healthcare Sector
gains, and 3) spin-off of Shengtong (晨通) in Feb 2019. Core net profit rose 56%
YoY in 2019 to RMB658mn. We estimate the organic revenue growth in 2019E
Jill WU, CFA
was around 27% YoY, excluding impact from the Shengtong spin-off. Gross
margin improved 3.4ppts to 46.5% in 2019 thanks to the spin-off of low margin
logistics business and improving operating efficiencies. To factor in the impact
Sam HU, PhD
from COVID-19 outbreak, we trimmed 2020E/21E net profit forecasts by 17%/11%
respectively and cut SOTP-based TP to RMB87.18, implying 56x FY21E P/E.
■ Short-term impact from COVID-19 outbreak. The progress of clinical trials
Amy GE
in China was delayed due to the COVID-19 outbreak. However, hospitals in
most regions in China have resumed operation from Mar 2020. We think the
overall impact on Tigermed's domestic income will be minimal. However,
given that the virus outbreak in the US and Europe were more serious than in
Stock Data
China, Tigermed's overseas orders could face some delays. We noticed that
the daily increases in infections cases in the US and major European countries
have peaked recently. Thus, we believe the impact on Tigermed's overseas
business will last in short term.
Strong backlog growth indicates solid demand in high-quality clinical
Shareholding Structure
CRO services. Tigermed recorded RMB4.2bn backlog additions in 2019, up
28% YoY while the Company had RMB5.0bn backlogs as of end-2019, up 36%
YoY. The number of ongoing clinical trials in China has been increasing fast
thanks to encouraging policies on drug innovation and pharma and biotech
companies' rising focus on innovative drug development. Tigermed
Share Performance
participated in the development of 7 out of the 13 domestic innovative drugs
approved in 2019, demonstrating its leading position in China's CRO industry.
Global expansion opens up room for long-term growth. Tigermed's
Source: Bloomberg
subsidiary DreamCIS will be listed in KOSDAQ, which will further strengthen
the Company's presence in South Korea. In Nov 2019, Tigermed announced
12-mth Price Performance
to establish a JV with Accerise to provide MRCT services in Japan. Tigermed
also acquired 3.06% stake in EPS, a Japanese CRO company, in Dec 2019.
Tigermed may complete its dual-listing in HKEX in 2020E. With sufficient
capital raised overseas, we believe Tigermed will accelerate the acquisition
process in global market.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: BDO CHINA
Related reports:
To continue strong
earnings
Global excellence, China expertise -
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
■ Maintain BUY. Tigermed disclosed preliminary 1Q20 results and its
attributable net profit rose 58-88% YoY due to one-off gains. Core earnings
was largely flattish in 1Q20 due to the COVID-19 impact. We trimmed our
forecasts and expect Tigrmed's adjusted net profit to grow 18%/38%/36% YoY
in 2020E/21E/22E, respectively. We like Tigermed given its leading industry
position and big overseas expansion potential.
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security
or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers
or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.