A series of reports from the Seafood Industries (603288).
Introduction: The seafood industry is our leading connoisseur business, and in the list of China's brand power index (c-bpi), 2021, the company has "four crowns" of soy sauce, quail oil, sauce, vinegar.
One of the reports in the Sea Tight Trades (603288) series: "The sea sky leaps from fish to the sky, the birds fly " , which focuses on the production of spices such as soy sauce, aphid oil, soy sauce, vinegar, chicken sperm, venom, wine, etc. for many years.
The development space of the industry, based on Japanese cuisine, has been analysed, and the prospects and paths of the company's development, its production and sales and its revenues have been listed for many years. In this series II, we will describe the state of development of the company's main products other than soy sauce.
First, among them is soy sauce, sauce sauce and americium, wine, and prospects, which tap into the company’s main competitive advantage, attesting to its ability to sustain its share of the market. Vinegar is the most important product of the current company.
There has been a steady increase in the number of high-quality winners in the 2021 China Brand Power Index (c-bpi) list, with a market size of 4.594 billion yuan for spices and a 16.3 per cent increase in 2021, although the industry is growing faster.
Favourable, brave sauce, alfalfa, sauce, vinegar, is “four, but the concentration is low as a whole.” In 2020, the taste industry was 19.5%, compared to the Japanese crown.
The company is a leading company in the taste making industry, and since it was listed in 2014, revenue and net profits have continued to grow in double digits. Total sales in 2021 were 250.04 billion yuan. Of these, the share of soy sauce/sale/sample/other spices dominated by vinegar and alcohol was 56.74%.
The company sells more than 50% of the soy sauce, the market may be concerned about the future sustainability of the soybean industry, the future growth of the soybean industry, and the other soybean industries are not large enough to absorb the growth of the soybean wine. We think the soybean market is still on the growth track, far from the ceiling, while others are.
The 52-week stock price range is also in a high-quality track, with growth prospects. The company ' s cagr, which has been 13.37% in the last five years, also has a high potential for development.
Industry concentration is high, with 42% of companies. However, the penetration rate of the hernia oil market is still low, and the sauce is growing steadily with the market concentration: the industry is about $50 billion, with the company-market ratio.
The sauce industry as a whole is growing at a slower rate, but the concentration is low, at about 18% for cr 3, and there's room for upscaling. Other products, lots of flowers, are available: in 2020, in addition to the decline in the production of chicken spices, spices and spices, the rest of the industry is broken down.
The output is rising. The faster-growing sub-sectors of the industry are pyrotechnics, alfon oil, sauce pickles, etc. The company now produces more than 600 specifications for a series of hundreds of different species such as soy sauce, alfon oil, soy sauce, vine, wine, taste, juice, chicken sperm, chicken powder, rotten milk, fire pot bottoms, etc.
With more than 1 ,000 soy sauce products and more than 5,000 products at peaks, there is still much room for companies to dig for new products in the future. The company’s five main moats: the company has performed well and is able to withstand industrial fluctuations and gain a better position than its competitors.
S1480070004 Māori and net profit levels are largely due to their relatively visible presence in the moats.
More than 300 days is the basis for product quality and production. The company ' s sauce and oil sales industry is the first, with a strong bargaining power for upstream s148007003, a high per capita productivity, and a per capita appetizer value three to five times that of a comparable company.
In addition to higher salaries, better educational structure and higher R & D funding for individual R & D staff, company sales and management costs are significantly lower than for industry companies, resulting in higher gross sales and net interest rates for companies.
The small number of national brands in the cards is well known, the dealers are all over the country, they are strong, and the strong position of the company, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, allows the distributors to accept a lower profit margin and to give the consumer the benefit.
Technical and R & D barriers: Based on excellence in the quality of products obtained through basic R & D, companies are able to reduce production costs and absorb the impact of higher prices of raw materials through increasing production efficiency. 4. Market pricing rights: companies tend to take the lead in price increases in the spice industry and have higher market prices
Right, proactive adjustment in favour of its own price strategy, and the negative impact of the maximum reduction in corporate price increases on sales. 5, Catering status is hard to shake: catering firms may attach greater importance to the universal and sexual value of the spices, as well as to one-stop purchases and the difficulty of replacing them once they are used to one product.
The seafood matrix is comprehensive, with high barriers at the end of the restaurant, and the preferences of the restaurant can also serve as an educational tool for end-c consumers, thus driving end-c sales. Profit forecasts and ratings: we predict corporate business income for 2022-2024, respectively.
Introduction: The seafood industry, a leading industry in our country, uses the Chinese brand power index (c-bpi) as “four crowns” in its list of 2021 China's brand power indexes. Prior to this, one of the reports of the seafood industry (603288) was published: Seafood Jumps from Fish, Long-Air Birds Flying, focusing on the development space of industry, and using Japan's taste-Asserting Turtles as a basis for analysis of the company's development prospects and path.
In second place, we will describe the state of development and prospects of the company ' s main products other than soy sauce, explore the company ' s main competitive advantages, and demonstrate the company ' s continued acquisition of the leaders of the taste industry, the leaders of the multi-flavorite industry, the leaders of the 1.1 industry, who are more profitable.
The company is one of the leading companies in the country, with products such as soy sauce, aphid oil, soy sauce, vine, chicken sperm, cucumbers, wine, etc., whose overall production and income have been ranked first for many years. Of these, soy sauce, sauce sauce, ale, alcohol and vinegar are the most important products of the current company. Companies have gradually taken over the market on the basis of competitive barriers such as size advantages, R&D advantages, channel advantages, stronger brand power, etc. The market for soy oil has reached about 18%.
The company’s cash flow is also better because of its cash-backed policies. Even in 2021, when the industry was depressed, the growth rate of the company’s income fell to 9.71 per cent, the profit rate to 4.18 per cent, and it continued to generate double profits, proving that the stability and growth of the company’s profitability is excellent in the industry.
In 2021, the size of the market for spices reached 45,94 billion yuan and, based on a 40% mark-up rate from the factory to the retail end, it is estimated that the size of the spices in 2021 will be approximately 328.1 billion yuan. According to the AIDS consultancy, the size of the spices increased in 2020 and 2021 respectively.
18.05 per cent and 16.3 per cent of the country ' s downstream consumption channels are catering, household, industry, with catering in the dominant position, accounting for about 50 per cent + and households and industry for about 30 per cent.20 per cent respectively. Since 2020, the epidemic has had an impact on the country ' s demand for catering ends, but it has contributed to the demand of our families for spices, particularly in the form of composite spices such as fire pot bottoms, fragrant spices and sauce pickles.
We have a huge consumer market and space for spices, but the concentration is low overall. On the basis of statistics from the Chinese Taste Association, we calculated that in 2020, the revenue of 12 industries with a breakdown of 100 billion yuan was only 32% of the total industry, although some of them were not the source of financial growth in the East.
In 2020, we had 19.5% cr., compared to 25% today, and 34% in the United States still had room for improvement. Disaggregated industry firms have a distinct dichotomy. Top firms account for the majority of the market share.
The concentration of the top 100 companies is higher each year, with 33 companies with a combined income of $28 billion, with the top five earning 80%; Soy sauce production totalling 5.2 million tons, with the top five producing 80%. And, for example, for the top five, the concentration of the top 100 firms is very high, with the top six firms earning a combined income of $2.9 billion and the top five earning 99%.
The top five sectors also account for 52%-58%-66% of income. The top five top top companies account for more than 100% of income.
According to the Favorite Association, except for the higher share of the industry in the production of acupunctures, argon oils, and spice headlines, the share of output in the top segment of the industry is less than 50%. As some of the firms in the industry are not covered by the Institute’s statistics, the international concentration is likely to be lower.
A large number of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the segmented sector account for a large market share, but there are large differences in size with top firms, and there is a clear competitive disadvantage, which means that future concentration in the industry will be easier.
The seafood industry (603288) has a series of reports bis. High walls with 1.3 sauce oils in it have an absolute advantage, and other products are growing rapidly, with sales rising as a result of the higher speed of the aphids.
Companies have seen steady growth in their performance, but multiple pressures in 2021 slowed the growth of their performance. The company is now larger, the share of soy sauce is still over 50%, the market may be concerned about the future sustainability of the soybean industry, while the rest of the industry is not large enough to absorb the increase in soy sauce.
1.3.1 Aphid oils - good track. High growth. The share of soy sauce is still 56.74 per cent, but the company ' s two other main products have also grown faster, especially as it has grown longer than soy sauce, and continues to rise as a proportion of the company ' s product.
In 2021, its share rose to 18.12%, and its annual sales amounted to $4,532 million, making the company a first brand for the sale of alfon oil, which is a source of wealth in the East, which concentrates on oysters, boiled juice, or directly uses oyster enzymes, adding sugar, salt, starch, or modified powder.
As Hong Kong culture infiltrates other markets across the country, it enters the country’s wider market, but, as consumer cooking habits change and it takes time to sink, it is still under cultivation, with low penetration rates as residents earn income.
In 2019, the market was about 9 billion yuan and is expected to reach 11 billion yuan in 2021. In 2019, the aphid oil industry grew by 22.28%, the most rapidly increasing sub-species in spices. However, because of the higher consumption of oil in the catering industry, the impact of the epidemic declined 20 years later.
Oil market penetration is very low (22%), compared to chicken sperm (61%) with less than three times the space, industry is still in a fast-growing period, and it will be able to recover at a higher rate once the outbreak has subsided. The hernia oil industry has a high concentration, with companies and Li Jin’s city accounting for 42/30% respectively.
From year to date, companies have made technological breakthroughs in the production of aphid oil, increasing the quality of aphid oil, and moving beyond Li Jinxy’s first brand. But the two companies’ products have taken a different competitive course, the company’s products have pursued value for money, while Lee’s products have been found to be the founder of a quail, and the product has been on a high-end route, mainly to high-end catering enterprises, in addition to supplying c-end.
Figure 8: Corporate sales of aphid oil The cost of aphid oil production is higher, but the unit price is not higher, and the Māori rate has been low in order for the company to quickly take over the market.
The aphid rate of 34.61 per cent is 8.3 pct lower than the soy sauce, but the cost of acacia is more influenced by the price of white sugar and fragrants than the price of soybeans, so that the volatility of the Maori rate has been relatively small in the last two years and the gap between the two other products has narrowed. We believe that the increase in the scale effect has resulted in a slight increase in the Maori rate under the comparable calibre as the public fee has been adjusted to the operating cost and the promotion fee has been reduced by operating income.
1.3.2 Taste sauce - steady growth with increased market concentration: Soybean sauce was introduced in 2006 by the sea sky and made a $1 billion-grade single item five years later. 2,666 million yuan was sold in 2021 for seafood sauce products, 8 per cent in five years for cagr, about $50 billion in industrial output, and the company market.
The first line of the industry is Seatross and Grandmothers, of whom the old mom collects about $5.4 billion. There are a wide variety of spiced sauce products sold on the market, mainly sweet pasta, soy sauce, soy sauce, tea sauce, chili sauce, soy sauce, salad sauce, ketchup, meat sauce, sesame, peanut butter, etc. The product has a more visible regional profile. According to the 100-Power company data, the sauce industry as a whole is growing at a slower pace, but it is a cluster of industries.
Mediumly low, cr3 is about 18%, and there is room for concentration improvement compared to other flavour competition patterns.
Figure 13: Anticipated competition patterns in the sauce industry. 1.3.3 Other products, flowers and flowers, according to the Favorite Association, except for the decline in production of chicken smelts, spices and spices in 2020
The output of the industry is on the rise. The more rapid breakdowns are in hot pots, alfon oil, sauce pickles, and so on. In the breakdown of the taste, the choice of large and fast-growing products in the track is that the company will be able to raise the ceiling further and become a big national and global spice, and the products produced by the company now cover a few major systems, such as soy sauce, ale, soy sauce, vine, wine, sauce, chicken sperm, chicken powder, rotten milk, pyrotechnics, etc.
Of these, seafood is so fresh, seafood is so rich, seaweed is so rich, seafood is sour, seaweed is sour, seafood is soy sauce is sold at more than a billion annual prices per single item, which is the cornerstone of the company’s performance. At the same time, companies continue to acquire new markets and performance growth points through M&As, R & D, and so are growing rapidly, as are the sauces, mushrooms, and wine.
In the area of cooking oil, soybean oil, corn embryos, and the growing wealth of the East are also being introduced.
While some of the company’s products are still on hold, the range of products over 5,000 during the peak period and more than 2,000 types of soy sauce oil are currently over 600, and there is still plenty of room for companies to explore opportunities in the future by experimenting with new products. We believe that, as long as the product is good, it is based on the company’s size, brand and channel advantages, technological advantages, industry’s pricing rights, and solid catering channels.
Barriers, corporate performance stability and growth are still visible. 2. The Five Protector Rivers have consolidated their market position, helping them to move through volatility, and the company’s revenues and profits have remained positive for 21 years, with a relatively small decline in the Māori rate. Changes in the external environment have led to a shift to the company in 2021.
Because of the 60% of the company ' s catering channels, the impact of the new crown outbreak on the catering industry has had a direct impact on the company ' s catering operations. In 2020, a certain amount of stock was hoarded as part of the channel was concerned about logistics, leading to a higher stock of channels in that year, and the pressure response to the 2020 business lags to 2021.
In the same year, the prices of upstream raw materials generally rose, with electricity restrictions increasing the burden on businesses, the average price of soybeans and soybeans rising by 14.20% in the year 2021, the average price of glass by 47% in the year, and the price of Pete by 40% +, leading to a marked decline in the Māori rate of most of the industry ' s tasters, and the Māori rate of corporate sauce products.
In addition to falling back to 46.01% (net of freight costs), a decline of 4.79 pct, the decline in the Māori rate is weaker than the middle torch and the addition of food. In addition, the Māori rate of the soy sauce has been on a steady upward trend for many years.
Figure 18: Prices of raw materials Figure 17: Pet spot price: yuan/tonne We believe that corporate Māori rates and net interest rate levels are high and steadily rising, and performance is resistant to industry fluctuations, through cycles, leading to comparison
Stable growth is largely due to its relatively visible presence in the mooring river. Figure 19: Comparison of comparative net corporate interest rates, Figure 20: Changes in comparable net corporate interest rates
2.1 The bottom layer is so deep that it is so large that it is difficult to be created by a history beyond 2.1.1 and by a combination of geographical resources and modern production processes.
Soy sauce is made from fermented soybeans, and the most important link determining the quality of soy sauce is the drying of the soybean embryos. The company’s factory in Fuoshan City is located at 23 degrees north latitude, near the North Return Line, where it shines 300 days a year or so, light is long, the sun is high, the sun is high.
By 2020, the company had a natural tannery of 600,000 square metres, which is the basis for maintaining traditional brewing.
The production method combines modern methods of production, resulting in a high level of product quality and productivity. In 2020, the size of the company’s products resulted in a series of more than 600 product-specific product systems of more than 100 varieties, mainly of soy sauce, alfon oil, sauce, fire boilers. In 2021, the sale of soy sauce/consumption oil/favour sauce was 266.03.96.14/3096 million tons, and in 5 years cagr, respectively.
12.44%/17.63%/7.28%, and sales of soy sauce have been ranked first in the industry for 25 consecutive years. The powerful advantages of scale have not only boosted the bargaining power and brand premium capacity of seafood products, but have also spread the cost of producing corporate products, laying the foundation for broad “foodless” consumer awareness of seafood products in the market.
On the basis of the best sales in the taste industry, companies have more than enough funds to upgrade their production and management, thus further developing their resource, technological, managerial, and so on, and eventually increasing per capita efficiency and product quality to a positive circle. In the industry of generalization, this advantage is not likely to be stoked for a short period of time.
Sea-day advances/payables are only 1.01%, which is significantly lower than kilts and plus, indicating that sea-to-sea contributions are higher than upstream and are conducive to reducing their own operating costs, while also reflecting the firm’s higher upstream strength, which allows it to assume that the company has a greater bargaining power in purchasing raw materials. Moreover, the company’s top five suppliers account for a lower proportion of annual purchases than their friends, are less dependent on individual suppliers, and are in the process of negotiating prices.
2.1.3 Company per capita production is more efficient, and the source of financial prosperity in the East is more powerful.
In 2021, the per capita production of companies (meat oil, oil consumption, taste sauce) was 0.140,000 tons per person, 2.8-5 times more than that of comparable companies; per capita food-trading products valued at 8.3116 million yuan per person, three-5 times that of comparable companies. Per capita output, clearly above the industry average, demonstrated, on the one hand, the sophistication of production management systems and equipment and their high productivity, and, on the other hand, the efficiency of production.
It also reduces the cost of producing the unit’s products, while providing employees with better pay and incentives to pay above the industry average, thereby facilitating the company’s recruitment, motivation, and mobility, thereby contributing to the efficiency of the company’s management as a whole. As a result of high sales and low use of labour, the company’s unit wage for soy sauce is only $57.13 per ton, or about half of a kilogram.
(a) Sea weather: production includes soy sauce, oil consumption, spice sauce, the amount sold in the year of the company ' s spice;
Food plus: including production and value of all food products; 5 - total number of employees using the total number of producers. 2.1.4 Company personnel are better paid and have a better education structure
Although there is a low manual wage per ton of production costs for companies, because of the high per capita output, the wages of company employees are actually higher in the industry. Company producers, salesmen, R & D workers are among the highest in comparable companies, while the salaries of executives alone are medium.
Higher wages attract more highly educated employees and 90% of their undergraduate and higher qualifications are also significantly higher than those of comparable companies. In addition, we can note that companies focus heavily on sales, with sales personnel earning an average annual salary of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R = R & D of R = R = R & D = R = R & D of R = R = R & D = R = R & D of R = R = R & D of R = R = R = R & D of R = R = R = R & D of R = R = R = R = R & D of R = R = R = R = R = R = R = D = 3,176,000, which is significantly higher than those of other jobs.
The company’s products are marketable products that are higher in volume and easier to replicate, and the company is able to give better incentives to salesmen, and the right incentives are the best incentive for salesmen to help companies attract the best talent, thus creating a virtuous circle.
Two of the reports in the Sea Favorite Industry (603288) series: high walls with good intentions. Table 5: Number, treatment and level of education of R & D staff.
Research and development (R & D) is an essential component of comparative remuneration for different jobs, innovation in products, improvement in quality, and improvement in productivity. Companies ' investment in R & D is significantly higher than industry averages, and individual R & D practitioners are able to access higher R & D funding.
2.1.6 Cost rates are significantly lower than industry averages, with profit margins further increasing 5.43 per cent for corporate sales in 2021 and 1.58 per cent for management, which is significantly lower than for comparable companies in the industry, giving companies a higher net source of financial prosperity in the East.
Figure 23: A comparison of management costs in 2021 shows a gross sales margin of 33.24% for the company in 2021, followed by the torch (26.81%) and 6.43 pct higher for the company than the gross sales for the torch. The net profitability of the company also decreased slightly and the profit-level advantage increased further.
Figure 24: Gross sales margin comparison Figure 25: Net profit margin comparison 2.2 Channels and brand power barriers
2.2.1 Nationwide brands, known for their competition, are currently divided into three levels: national brands, such as the seafood industry, Li Jinxing, the mid-battle brands, and local and foreign brands, such as Kiyokawa in Sichuan, Gaga in Hunan, Hin in Shandong and others, and foreign brands, such as turtles and Henzi.
This is represented by small-scale factories or home-based workshops, which are generally self-produced, low-cost products, and mainly rural and urban markets. Since time immemorial, there have been few barriers to the production and technology of spices in various regions of the country, even in cities and counties, where there are large and small spice manufacturers, and where people have a taste memory that lasts for a long time and influences people’s choice of taste brands, the regional characteristics of the spices are more pronounced.
For example, in 2021, sales in the western part of the kale industry were close to 50%, in the southern part of the country 42%, and in the southern and northern parts of the world it has been difficult to make a breakthrough.
In 2021, the Department’s network covered 31 provincial administrative regions, more than 320 local municipalities, and more than 2,000 county markets.
All levels of wholesale agricultural and trade markets, urban and rural convenience stores, retail stores, and exports to more than 80 countries and areas around the world. The Kaido Consumer Index, published in the Asia Brand Footprint Report 2021, found that the seafood industry, with 620 million consumers reaching, 79.4% penetration, was selected as China's top ten consumer list.
In addition, according to the 2020 Hu Yu brand list, published by the Hu Yu Institute, the seafood industry has a value of up to RMB 120 billion and is ranked ninth in the top 10 of the top 2020 brands. The influence and reputation of the seafood brands increased further in 2021, and the stronger brands and products have enabled companies to obtain better sales in all parts of the country.
A taste that meets the taste of the public, based on an understanding of the taste of the public, enables the company to better develop products suitable for a wide range of consumers.
Add food, torches and brand new. 2.2.2 Distributors are all over the country, strong.
In 2021, the company recategorized some of the small first-tier dealers into second-tier dealers, taking into account the fact that some of the distributors could not afford to withstand the pressure of the industry, by upgrading the quality of the distributors and maximizing coverage of the market terminals.
Low target; on the other hand, it can also reduce collusive problems caused by excessive pressure on distributors, so that in 2021 the number of corporate distributors increased by less than 379 (5.38 per cent increase) to 7430. Given the volume of corporate sales, sales of sea-sky products not only help distributors to amortize the costs, but also small and medium-sized distributors.
By opening up new end-markets through the sea sky, other products are sold. Thus, it is a necessary product for most taste dealers, willing to accept low rates of Maori from companies, which also makes it easier for corporate products to follow the price-for-money route and attracts more distributors, thus giving them an absolute advantage over companies in the same industry.
In addition, in the second half of 2021, in the face of the vicious competition between small and medium brands in community shopping, firms accelerated the layout and distribution of new retail outlets, and strengthened their in-depth cooperation with community shopping, reaching platforms, and major platform power providers.
Figure 27: Number of distributors compared to 2.3 Technology and R & D barriers with advanced national accredited laboratories in the industry and chairing and participating in the development of national standards and industry standards, with successive national and provincial commitments
More than 10 municipal science and technology programs have accumulated more than 200 patents on inventions and new functional mandates. Strong technological and automated advantages have created two production barriers for companies: 1. Companies have higher productivity and lower unit production costs.
The company owns more than 10 full-automatic smart packaging lines at speeds of 48,000 bottles per hour, with a single production line with only four to five operators. The company’s now intergenerational production system has built up high-tech configurations such as robotic coding, pressureless transport, 100,000-grade fully closed and clean irrigation, and full-range monitoring of high-precision detection equipment.
The optimization of the entire production process during the manufacturing process is the key to reducing costs. Automation of the sea sky began to take shape in early 1971. In 1971, a vacuum bottler, developed autonomously by the sea sky, appeared in the sea. In the same year, the first seafood line was built and put into operation.
Over the ensuing years, the sea sky continued to promote the automation, informatization, intelligent construction of plants, the continuous upgrading of core processes, continuous innovation in core technologies, equipment and equipment, and its current scientific capabilities, equipment and equipment are close to or advanced internationally, creating significant R & D advantages within the industry. For example, in the soy sauce industry, the sea sky is the first enterprise to adopt overfiltration technologies and to achieve industrial applications on a scale.
In 2021, the company further expanded the advantages of intensive scale and efficiency management to improve per capita efficiency; at the same time, it made major breakthroughs in a number of technological achievements and led to new developments in the industry by upgrading raw materials such as soybeans.
Some 25-30 per cent of the pressure to increase raw materials has been internalized by such cost-saving efficiency measures as material utilization, so that, against the backdrop of a significant increase in raw materials prices, the cost of raw materials for company sauce oil has increased by only 10.93 per cent, and the source of financial prosperity in the East has been a source of financial growth.
Auto-researching and building quality of good products. Although it doesn't look like high-tech, it's not easy for small- and medium-sized brewers to make good-quality and stable-quality soy sauce. High-quality soy sauce can't be made without a good variety of soy sauce.
More efficient production of good quality soy sauce, constant breeding and screening of germs, production of fungus suitable for different odours, fragrances, and more productive enzyme-efficient strains, and separate production of multi-bacterial traverses, resulting in the acquisition of flavour-rich and nutrient-rich soy sauce. For example, companies have developed more enzyme-rich fungus, which enriches the soy sauce produced after fermentation, makes it reder, smells more fresh and uses more raw materials.
High, with lower production costs; in order to be able to make better sauce in winter, the company has also developed more winter-friendly fermentation strains; for example, the company has carefully screened suitable strains that use these micro-organisms to ferment ethanol, esters, methols, amber acids, furmacone, etc. to produce perfumes that increase the intrinsic fragrance of the product and improve the taste of sauce oil.
Enterprises have developed a number of core breeding techniques, including mutating, screening, cellular integration, etc., and have developed a number of core seed technologies, such as “Technology for the breeding of soy sauce high-flame seeds”, “Technology for the breeding of fragrances”, and “Technology for the cultivation of high-density bacteria”, which have been invented to the advantage of the strains. The company's level of technology and core technology have moved ahead to international levels, with the same level as that of turtles.
The technology was first applied to the reprocessing process of soy sauce, the debacterization and clarification were completed in normal hot conditions, and the unique flavour of soy sauce was effectively preserved, resulting in high-quality, high-clarified, high-quality soy sauce. The technology had significant economic benefits, with the Chinese food industry winning 20 scientific and technological advances from 1981-2001.
For example, seagrass mushrooms are used for cooking, and the sauce is strong, with a bit of gold and yellow, and they remain constant, while the usual old smokers are poorly coloured or not, and professional cooks are particularly sensitive to this. The quality of the high seafood products are multiplied and priced at a moderate price, and the three big monolithic products, the old mushrooms, the gold standard, and the taste, are worth about US$ 500 ml, are priced at a higher price.
2.4 More pricing power is available in the industry, and the price increases in the taste industry, usually around 7 per cent, are too low to offset the upward cost pressures, too much access and terminals are difficult.
Given the fact that the company is the leader of the industry, the volume of its products is clearly higher than that of its competitors, and the value of its products is very high, so in the soy sauce industry, even in the spice industry, the price of the sea does not rise, and other brands do not usually raise prices, resulting in the industry being led by the sea when the price of raw materials rises.
In 2021, under pressure from higher prices of raw materials, the sea sky first increased the price of some products such as soy sauce, astore, and so on by 3 to 7%, followed by price increases by various tasters. The high price-fixing power of the sea sky in the spice industry enabled companies to find the most profitable price strategies in terms of operating and market conditions, and the negative impact on sales of the remaining companies’ ability to follow the lowest possible price increases.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
The company has a relatively full range of products and a wide range of price bands that can cover a larger consumer group. Because of the high value of the product and its early distribution, the company has a strong grip on the distribution channels at the end of the restaurant, and its position at the end of the restaurant is difficult to shake.
As a differentiated route, the company’s main products are more competitive and cover a wider range of catering channels. The country’s catering industry is driven mainly by the chaining and take-out of restaurants, which are generally under greater pressure as a result of the new crown epidemic, and by the increased efficiency of operations as an important means of seeking survival and development. In the process, some companies may attach greater importance to the universality and value for money of spices, as well as to one-stop purchases.
Because of the high quality of seafood products and their lower ton price, they are favoured by catering customers. In recent years, companies have continued to try new products on the basis of five large monolithic products (gold tags, mushrooms, fresh flavors, astore oil, soy sauce), making the corporate product matrix more complete than their competitors, making it easier for consumers to buy on a one-stop basis, further increasing customer-to-company stickyness.
For example, cooks in the new East use sea weather, more familiar with the methods and characteristics of the company's products, and are therefore more inclined to use the company's products in the future, and are not easily exchanged. Similarly, the taste of restaurants plays an educational role for c-end consumers, and in this latent role, the company's products are digested.
At the same time, the attraction and stickyness of the spenders have increased.
3. Profit predictions and ratings, the size of the country ' s spice industry, the large variety of products and the low concentration of most industries, major products such as corporate sauce, osteoporium, sauce, wine, etc.
We believe that companies have advantages and barriers such as size, access, and technological research and development, and are able to sustain their market share and fully enjoy their industrial dividends. We predict that the 2022-Epidemiology epidemic affects catering demand, disruptions in transport: food safety risks: the volatility of raw materials.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
Monsso Wang Ji-Ting powder, spices and leisure food.
The source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, and the depth of the securities report.
We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid on the said securities, and the investor makes the resulting determination.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
It may also provide or seek to provide services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.