It's a series of reports on the seafood industry (603288).
Soy sauce growth maintenance company basics, and other products drive the company to develop further. The company is the country's savvy, custard, savory, alfalfa, alcohol and vinegar are the most important products of the current company, which specializes in the production and sale of spices.
The amount of soy sauce is 56.74%. Companies produce spices based on size advantages, R & D advantages, channel advantages, stronger products, including soy sauce, aphid oil, sauce, vinegar, chicken sperm, spice, wine, etc.
The market is gradually occupied by competitive barriers such as card power, which now account for about 18% of the company's soy sauce market, and the production and income of spices have been listed for many years in a row in Japan, where there is still room for growth in the soy sauce industry.
First of all, soy sauce, sauce sauce and americium, wine, and soy sauce are growing. In 2020, we produced 13.44 million tons of soy sauce, and in almost five years, 5% of the cagr. The country's vinegar is the most important product of the current company.
There's been a steady increase. In China's brand power index of 2021, the average consumption of internal sauce oil per capita is about 9 kg/year, and our per capita demand for soy sauce is still on the c-bpi list for Japan's peak period.
In terms of ton prices, the price of soy sauce continues to rise, and prices of soy sauce have been high for almost five years. The price of soy sauce, alfalfa, soy sauce, vinegar is about 3% in four cagr, and the price of soy oil out of 100 companies is rising faster than the industry as a whole.
We still have a difference of 24% between the average price of soy sauce in our 36 cities and Japan in 1991. In addition, there is a wide gap between the prices in the countryside, the catering market and the city, and there is more room for price increases.
In the next three to six months, we're still low, with a single variety of soy sauce oils, and there's room for upgrading, which is conducive to a 53% increase in the price of soy sauce tons. We're at a faster rate of production than the industry as a whole.
According to our observations, after 21 years of cooling, there has been a sharp decline in the number of new registered businesses in the country, and the concentration of the industry is expected to accelerate. Tortoises’ inspiration to the sea: turtles’ share in the Japanese soy market is 34%, and with that in mind.
The 52-week stock price range, the growing market for various products such as soy sauce derivatives, soy sauce and ketchup, has continued to grow in Japan's soy sauce industry during the recession, and is worthy of the company's experience. Apocalypse 1: The way to upgrade the product.
Total stock/flowa shares (in thousands of 80s so far, Japanese sauce production has been declining, while the consumption of functional sauce, sauce spices and soy sauce has risen rapidly during this period, completely offsetting the drop in sales of soy sauce.
The flow b/h unit (millions of shares) is able to increase counterweights from overseas by continuously developing healthy soy sauce and soy sauce derivatives. Like turtles, companies need to boost demand through product upgrades.
High, medium and low-end sales of sauce oil products are 1:6:3, and the current ratio is 4:5:1, with a clear upward trend, but medium and low-end products still account for 60%. We believe that, in addition to having an upgrade space at end c, the sales of high-end products at the sea-to-sea catering end will increase as the chains in the catering industry rise.
This boosts the price of the company as a whole. Apocalypse 2: There is no room for overseas markets to ignore. Tortoises, overseas sales have increased 25 times in 46 years, taking the dominant position in the foreign markets for soy sauce, which is twice as much as in the soil.
On the ground, the movement of Chinese people abroad has helped our culture and products of soy sauce to spread abroad, laying a good foundation for our sea trip, and the adaptation and integration of Chinese enterprises with overseas cultures and local markets will open up vast market space for China. In 2021, corporate products were exported to more than 80 countries around the world.
And the region is expected to see a sustained increase in overseas sales. Profit forecasts and ratings: we forecast the company's operating income for 2022-2024 as a source of financial prosperity in the East, respectively.
The company's leader in the spice industry is the leading company in our country, which produces soy sauce, aphid oil, soy sauce, vinegar, chicken sperm, flavour, wine, etc., and whose overall product and income are ranked first in the business for many years, with soy sauce, sauce, ale oil, wine and vinegar being the most important products of the current company.
The market is gradually being occupied by competitive barriers such as size advantages, R & D advantages, channel advantages, and stronger brand power, and the current company soy market is about as high as the seafood industry, dating back to the Buddha's Temple. In 1955, 25 powerful palate gardens in Fushan were consummated, forming a “seafood oil factory” for today's sea.
In 1971, the company entered the mechanized production period. The first vacuum-bottle machine that was developed autonomously by the sea sky appeared in the sea. In the same year, the first sea-coated stream of soy sauce was built and put into operation.
In the same year, China built provincial brewing techniques: 2003: rural marketing was launched. In 2005, a total investment of 1 billion dollars was made, with the first phase of the construction of a high-yielding production base with an annual output of more than 1 million tons.
2011: The second phase of the construction project was prepared in 2008, with a total investment of nearly $2 billion, which will equip the entire technology of the day, the source of financial prosperity for the East: in 2013, the value of the sale of the day was over 10 billion and a development plan was proposed for five years to build a new sea day, a target of $20 billion.
In 2014, 10 million yuan was invested in the installation of a factory in the town of Cebu in Jiangsu province. In the same year, the company ' s shares were placed on the market.
2015: The sale of seafood and rare single items broke the 1 billion mark and became the fifth single item worth more than 1 billion after seafood, old seaweed mushrooms, seafood oil, and seafood soy sauce. 2016: launch of the "sea sky fine" construction project
2019: Seaday income is close to 20 billion yuan. 2020: accelerating informatization. 2020: new fire pots on the bottom @me
Figure 2: Sea-day development history 1.2 Senior executives have a centralized, well-managed and stable management team Most senior executives of the company have a higher shareholding, including Pankang (Chairman of the Board), Chang-yue (Vice-President), Wong Wen-biao (Vice-President), Wu Rejuvene (Deputy President)
In addition, the executive secretary of the company, Zhang Xin, Vice-President and Head of Finance, and several directors held shares in the company, with high pay and high equity incentives.
The management team is stable and motivated. Members of the company’s core senior management team have been in the division for about 20-30 years, experienced and well-staffed, making it possible for companies to be well managed and able to contribute to corporate development with long-term stability.
1.3 Soy sauce has an absolute advantage and other products are growing rapidly, with sales rising as a result of the higher rate of aphid oil.
Companies have seen steady growth in their performance, but multiple pressures in 2021 slowed the growth of their performance. The company is now larger, the share of soy sauce is still over 50%, the market may be concerned about future sustainable growth in the soy sauce industry, while the rest of the industry is not large enough to absorb the increase in soy sauce. We believe that the soy market is still on the growth track, far from reaching the ceiling, and the company still has a large growth gap.
2. The market for soy sauce is high, the head business is growing by a large margin of 2.1. The sale of soy butter in our country has not reached 5% in cagr, 5 years old. The sale of soy sauce is still growing, similar to before Japan ' s 60s-70s.
At about 9kg/year, Japan’s per capita consumption of soy sauce at its peak in 1960 was 13.7 kg/year, and the per capita sales of 70s and 60s did not change much. After 70s, with the rapid growth of Japan’s gdp, there was a marked upward trend in consumer consumption, with soy sauce derivatives gradually replacing the general soy sauce oil, showing no overall increase, and prices increasing significantly.
At a slow upturn, our per capita consumption of soy sauce is more reasonable than the data for the peak period in Japan, where the per capita demand for soy sauce remains within 52 per cent of the space for the peak period.
The price of soy sauce oil has been growing at a steady and moderate pace. In 2020, our market for soy sauce was about 85 billion yuan, and in 2015-2020, the price of cagr was about 8.30 per cent, with production increasing by about 5 per cent and prices increasing by about 3 per cent. In 2020, our retail price of soy sauce was about 6470 yuan tons, and the price of soy butter was converted to about 4,700 yuan tons per ton per ton per ton, and in five years the price of caagr was about 3 per cent.
In 2016 - 2020, cagr 5.04%. Over the overall industry price pattern, with the exception of the fall in tonnage in 2014 and 2019, average industry tonnage has grown at a moderate rate of around 3% over the last 10 years, with 100% firms growing at a slightly higher rate than the industry as a whole.
2.2.2 The rise in the share of high-end products in the price of our soy sauce is due, on the one hand, to the growth pressure of cpi and, on the other, to the upgrading of our soy sauce products, accompanied by the product
Our main price of soy sauce has moved and our share has risen. Our price of more than $8/500ml is generally high-end sauce. In 2020, our market for high-end soy sauce reached 25 billion yuan, and in 2015-2020 it was 11% capr, which is higher than the overall industry.
The main breakdowns of soy sauce are: old, raw, fresh, functional, soy sauce, and health-care sauce. Functional soy sauces are primarily targeted for use and population groups. Products for use include steamed cay sauce, Japanese sauce, pasta, seafood sauce, soy sauce, etc.; and products for population groups include health-care sauce, oil, soy sauce, low salt sauce, iron-enhanced sauce, children's sauce, etc.
Our soy sauce has grown from the earliest common soy sauce to become widely available throughout the country, and has developed rapidly beyond the old to the mainstream. In 2010 or so, high soy sauce, which is very rare, was quickly popularized in taste, while functional soybean oil jumped to the stage, and in recent years it has been added to the stage with zero-added soy sauce, which is represented by sea sky, and healthy organic soy sauce, which has contributed to the further upgrading of products.
Figure 10: The path to the upgrading of our soy sauce products.
In the order of grade, we have four levels of soy sauce: special, first, second, and third, of which the soy sauce is measured in terms of amino nitrogen. The higher the amino nitrogen, the higher the soy sauce, the higher its taste and nutrient value, and the better its quality. For example, the special soy sauce has 0.8 g/100 ml, and the third level is only 0.4 g/100 ml.
In 2015, the share of special sauce oil reached 42%, but tertiary sauce also accounted for 43% of the market, mainly in low-line cities, remote suburban counties, and rural markets. In Japan, over 85% of soybean amino nitrogen is above 0.8 g/ml, as can be seen, the increase in soy sauce is still relatively empty.
It is difficult to downgrade after upgrading. There is therefore a higher degree of certainty about the consumption upgrade.
Table 2: Prices of different grades and functional products, for example, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East
2.2.4 Compared to Japan, there is still considerable scope for the upgrading of soy sauce in our country, although there are more types of soy sauce in our country, the market is dominated by ordinary soy sauce and fresh soy sauce, which is currently sold in better quantities, mainly with steamed fish oil, red sauce and seafood sauce, with few other products successfully promoted, while functional soy sauce is relatively low in Japan, with the exception of Japan.
A wide audience of soy sauce, Japan's soy sauce products, such as ice cream, can make ice cream taste like cheese cake; cheese soy sauce, with the flavour of Japanese combustible and wooded fish chips, can produce a fresh smell of cheese; spice sauce oil, which is included in the flavours, garlic and jade, is said to be the best with white rice; ketchup oil, which tastes like fresh tomatoes. By contrast, we still have a single type of soy sauce.
According to the Japanese Bureau of Statistics, Japanese soy oil peaked in 1991 at an average retail unit price of JPY 329/L, equivalent to RMB 8.2/500ml at an exchange rate of 1:20.
One of the reports in the East's financial and intellectual boom, Seafood Industries (603288) series: the ocean leaps from fish and flies 8%, or $8.9/500ml), followed by a decline in Japan's economy and an increase in its ageing, coupled with an increase in the share of Western spices and soy oil derivatives.
The average price of soy sauce in our country is now around $7.8/500ml, which is 14% different from the retail price of soy sauce in Japan in 1991. However, Japanese soy derivatives consume the same amount as soy sauce, while derivatives are significantly higher than soy sauce. For example, at current Japanese prices, the price of gravy is 69% higher than soy sauce, the price of Worcester sauce is 54% higher, and the average price of pasta such as noodles is higher than soy sauce.
5%. Thus, if the soy sauce derivatives were included in the average price calculation, the average price of Japanese soy sauce in 1991 would be about $9.7/500ml, and my national soy sauce would still have 24% of the price increase. Moreover, our economy, although at a slower pace, is in a high-quality development phase, urbanization and consumption escalation will continue, not the same as the Japanese economy that has fallen since 1990, compared with Japan, where the price of ordinary soy sauce and soy derivatives rose.
At the same time, the average price of our market for soy sauce in 2020 was about $6,400 per ton, converted to about $3.68 per mill, but this included catering, village and town markets, which were significantly different from the price levels in 36 cities, implying a comparison of the prices of soy sauce in China and Japan: yuan/500 ml (RMB: 1:20).
Chinese prices of soy sauce ($500 ml) — average price of bottled 500 ml in 36 cities of our country: around 7.8 yen/500 ml
The price of Japanese soy sauce derivatives in 2022 ($500ml): 2.3 The concentration of the soy sauce industry has the potential to increase.
Production rose from 3.53 million tons to 5.46 million tons, with a 5-year capr of 9.11 per cent higher than the overall increase in the industry, indicating rising concentration in the industry. 2.38 million tons of seafood oil were produced in the flagship industry, accounting for 17.70 per cent in the city, 3.74 per cent in the second-highest industry and approximately 24 per cent in the industrial cr3.
Seafood and industrial end markets account for about 25% of the total, leaving a gap between their overall share and their competitors. The industry has a super strong picture, but there is a smaller gap and relatively intense competition between the second-tier firms.
Figure 13: Competition patterns in the soy sauce industry in 2020, compared to the concentration in the Japanese sauce industry, where concentration in the soy sauce industry and the share in the city of Haitian were significantly higher. As early as 1975, the Japanese sauce oil industry cr3 reached 38% and crr10 48%. The concentration in the soy sauce industry did not change much between the following decades and 1994.
Japan’s economic recession, which began in the 1990’s, was accompanied by a decline in the production of soy sauce, from 2,300 in 1989 to 1,192 in 2018, while Japan’s soybean pipeline led an increase in consumption and market concentration, reaching 53% by 2020, and 15 hundreds by 26 years.
We still have a gap of 29 pct from Japan. Figure 15: Competition patterns in the Japanese soy market, 2011-2020, is still growing, but the number of new entrants is decreasing and concentration is expected to increase.
As a result, sales of soy sauce products have increased in previous years, and the industry’s products have continued to upgrade, and the booming market has led to an increase in the number of new entrants into the industry. As of July 2022, 5276 companies in the soy sauce manufacturing industry had survived or been operating, 852 related businesses had been established in three years (July 2019-2022), and 134 businesses had been cancelled or registered in an abnormal state, with a net increase of 239 businesses per year.
As the number of businesses and industries in the soy sauce industry continues to grow, and as the number of new entrants decreases, the rate of concentration is expected to accelerate.
The company’s growth space is significantly higher than that of other competitors and has an absolute competitive advantage, but there is still much room for improvement in the share of turtles in Japan. Tortoises have 34% in Japan’s soy market market, and rely on soy sauce derivatives, soy sauce, ketchup, etc.
The product continues to open up the incremental market, and the recession in Japan’s soy sauce industry continues to grow, and it is worth drawing on it. Here we will analyse what turtles bring to the company in terms of volume and price.
In 2021, the sales of tortoise butter overseas were 82.8 billion yen (US$ 4.14 billion at the exchange rate of 1:20), about double its sales of soy sauce in Japan (US$ 42.5 billion).
In addition, it has been demonstrated that we still have 52% of the space available in Japan for the consumption of soy sauce.
As industry leaders, companies have many advantages, such as size, technology research, and development, and channels, to fully enjoy industrial dividends, so it can be assumed that there is still much room for growth in corporate sales of soy sauce.2 Foreign markets: in addition to domestic markets, we believe that there is room for corporate markets abroad.
The dominant position of soy sauce, but over the last decade or so, Chinese students and Chinese settlers living abroad have outpaced the Japanese, and we believe that China's domestic connoisseur leading enterprises, represented by China, will also go to overseas markets, that the movement of Chinese people abroad will help our culture and products of soy sauce to spread abroad, and that it will provide a good basis for the sea for our soy sauce, and that the adaptation and integration of Chinese enterprises with overseas culture and local markets will open up vast markets for China.
In 2021, the company’s products were exported to more than 80 countries and regions around the world, and overseas sales are expected to increase. 3.2.1 The inspiration from the growth path of Japan’s soy sauce production has been declining so far, and turtles can continue to develop healthy soy sauce and soy oil derivatives during the downturn in the industry.
We believe that our leaders in the soy sauce industry have the same scope to grow, and can boost sales through product expansion, product innovation, and overseas expansion. The soy sauce upgrade of turtles has two dimensions: functional upgrading, and health upgrading.
Innovations in soy sauce. The taste and quality of functional soy sauce are more variable than ordinary soy sauce, and the price is higher than normal soy sauce, which helps to increase the profitability of companies. Functional upgrading: Within Japan, sales of soy sauce have declined since the 1990s, and consumption of soy sauce per household has declined from JPY 3,500/house/year to the present.
Around 2000 yen/houses/years, the consumption of soy sauce decreased by about 1,500 yen per household. During this period, the consumption of functional soy sauce, sauce spices and soy sauce rose rapidly, from 3,000 yen/houses/year in 1992 to about 6,000 yen/houses/years at present, with an increase of 2,700 yen per household in soy sauce consumption, which completely offsets the decline in soy sauce consumption.
In 2006-2018, the share of domestic sales of turtle pasta and derivatives increased from 32.1% to 42.5%.
In addition, companies have responded to consumption trends, and the promotion of healthy soy sauce has provided strong support for the company’s soy business. Japan is ageing, the population is paying more attention to health, and the number of soy sauces used by households in Japan has risen from 16% in early 2000.
The increase in sales of the company ' s soy sauce product was driven by a 2 per cent/21 per cent share of the total sales of the company ' s soy sauce sector in 2011-2016 and 57 per cent of the year ' s cagr. Tortoise 's soy product upgrade: low-salt sauce oil in 1965 (as then known as “health-care soy sauce”) – in 1990 or around 1990
Soy sauce oil with low saltballs in 1993 (salin in half of ordinary soy sauce oil)
As discussed earlier, in addition to falling tonnage prices in 2014 and 2019, average tonnage prices in the industry have increased at a moderate rate of about 3% over the past 10 years, and the share of high-end products has risen gradually. There is some room for price increases in Japan, in the cities of the capital, and in lower-line cities, and in rural areas.
However, as a result of the slowdown in recent years, the low-to-medium output of the rural and sub-district markets and the increased competition in the markets, the prices of the company's products are under some pressure, and the price of thousands of tons has even fallen in the process of sinking, but in return there has been a strong increase in sales.
The sub-price increases, coupled with the push to upgrade the appetizers, have raised the company price of soy sauce from $502 per ton in 2015 to $5333 per ton in 2021, and the six-year capr to 1.09 per cent in 2021, although at a moderate rate, sales have also been growing rapidly in the process of sinking the channel. At present, the company’s market penetration rate is high across the country, and the growth of the sinking market in the future is based on improved cultivation of the channel, but also on the hope that the product will rise in the sinking market.
In recent years, the sea sky has responded to consumption trends by further promoting a series of zero products, organic products, top-line products, salt-cutting products, and high-end product lines such as the first single product of the company, and has led to a further upgrading of the soy sauce product mix at the end of c.
One of the reports in the Ocean Favorite Industry (603288) series: the leaping of the sea from the sea and the flying of birds in the open, the sales of the company ' s soy sauce products at the top, middle and low end in 2010 were 1:6:3 and the current ratio is 4:5:1, with a clear upward trend, but the lower and middle end
We believe that industrial access to medium- and low-end products is difficult to change, but that there is room for upgrading the catering channels, which account for 60% of the company’s sales. We still have a low chaining rate, with a domestic chaining rate of 10.3% in 2019, and an industry chaining rate that rises from year to year, but a global average of 30% of the chaining rate remains much higher than in the United States, with a global average of 54.3%.
Physical operators are more inclined to be product-powerful, high-valued and more likely to use medium- and high-end spices, and we believe that as the chain of restaurants expands, the sales of high-end products at the end of the restaurant will also increase.
The sales and prices of soy sauce are at a slow pace of growth, and there is still room for per capita sales of soy sauce, which is expected to increase rapidly after the outbreak. Prices of soy sauce will continue to rise with cpi and the overall upgrade of soy sauce.
The epidemic affects catering demand, transport disruptions: food safety risks: the volatility of raw materials.
One of the reports in the Oceanic Trades (603288) series: the ocean leaps from the fish, the birds fly from the sky, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Monszzu.
Wang Ji-ting, powder, spices and leisure foods, recommendations or opinions are directly or indirectly related.
One of the reports of the Seafood Industry 603288: "The ocean leaps from fish to birds flying in a long space."
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends. In cases where the law permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.