Brand performance + channel barriers + size advantages for long-term development Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) • Recoupling the core logic of the industry at the current point in time, based on changes in the industry.
The impact of the new coronary epidemic on the industry is becoming longer and longer, and the logic of the industry is being re-understood at the current point in time.
See: The area of spices has moved from fragmentation to integration, and the traditional monolithic pattern has moved from recombinant to compound. Overall, the appetizer industry has grown steadily, with the size of the appetizer industry in 2021 at $4,59.4 billion, and changes in the industry since the outbreak: 1) change of channel: 1 bc change: b end-of-food restaurant scene
The recovery of slow-food revenue ends has been significantly damaged, with end-of-end stock hoarding leading to a later de-stocking cycle;2 company prices compared with the trend of depth of 300 below-line changes: on-line community buy overall shocks, off-line ka malls, etc.
The overall price system is now largely stable and the impact of the low-price promotion strategy is gradually diminishing. This price system is now being streamlined over the past year. (2) Cost increases: soybean increases are close to 40 per cent of the cost of raw materials in a new year as a result of cost increases. More than 20 per cent of the cost of packages rises.
The 2021 price hikes were spearheaded by the flagship seafood industry, followed by other companies in the industry, and the current process of price increases is smooth. • Fragmentation of core competitiveness: size advantages plus extension of product categories plus access barriers + strong brand power
Tens of thousands of tons increased to 95,560 tons in 21 years, nearly 2.5 times the growth over six years. Ton production costs and ton labour costs are much better than new controls, with unit labour costs far lower than those of other enterprises, and can be reduced by the intelligentization of the company’s production base and technological construction.
Input costs incurred by producers. The best control of the appetizers has been maintained at a high level of 40% overall in the past. 2) Extensions of the product class have continued to grow and the dragons have gradually moved to the platform. From the point of view of single sales, the product structure of the sea is in the pyramid.
Shapes, out of the three traditional categories of soy sauce, quails, sauce, and soy sauce, there are currently two large singles of more than $3 billion, and many large ones of billions. In the light of the trend towards product structural upgrading, soy sauce achieves volume prices, explore future product structural upgrading trends, suggesting a trend towards healthy functionalization and large packages.
(c) Core channel barriers in the sea: dietary advantage is easy to withstand + "pay first, finish later" + distributor management system provides deep coverage of downline markets: distributor management system advantages, deep coverage of downline markets with deep understanding of cooks' needs, differences in products, prices, and terminals.
A steady and dynamic approach to the new dietary landscape is accompanied by major monolithic construction, cooks' habits, and price-for-money measures. At the same time, channels account for more than 60 per cent of the past, and the epidemic, while disturbing the drivers, is higher than companies.
The distribution of industry averages is also better than that of most of the company's counterparts in the public sector; the settlement of “pay first, finish later” is based on the relative adequacy of the cash flow; the advantage of the distributor's management system is to cover deep down-line markets. 4) Strong branding raises consumer recognition: consumer penetration and consumer penetration.
The number of hits has risen significantly. More investment has been made, branding has been made, nationalization has been achieved, critical time points have been taken advantage of, and the company has seized the opportunity at each critical point of time: one has taken the lead in proposing a two-hundredth plan, all of which is automatically packaged.
The vision of the production line;2 the early deployment of capacity and the enabling scale effect; and in 2005, total investment amounted to 1 billion dollars, with the first phase of the construction of a high-yielding production base with an annual output of more than 1 million tons.4 At the end of 2013, a new awareness of the sea was created.
(b) Increased competition in the industry, based on measures such as product structural upgrading, price increases and cost-cutting, company pressure on costs: significant increases in raw material prices, pressure on transport costs, labour costs, etc. 2) Unsatisfactory roll-out of new products by firms and damage to product structure upgrading routes.
3) Disease control and recovery are not as good as expected: catering ends are not restored as expected. 4) Food safety risks: food safety incidents. 1 Industry change process: channel fragmentation + new price increases
In this chapter, we dig into the history of the transformation of the taste products from the depth of their properties, explore the changes in price over the last 20 years, and look at the fact that, in the light of the outbreak and the normality of the epidemic, the 1.1 spice industry has the sticky content of its consumption, and the region is moving to the country.
(a) As a basic consumer of life, the taste of the food goes through three meals a day. (b) Unlike essential consumer goods such as rice, oil, etc., different flavors leave a different taste memory for consumers, once they have accumulated a delicious memory.
In the case of repeat purchases, there is an increase in the repurchase rate. On the one hand, spices are a rigid demand in consumer behaviour, so their cyclical effects are minimal.
A taste extension has been made in the course of the past development, which has led to a gradual expansion of the class. From a single salt, it has evolved to different tastes, and it has been readjusted according to the changes in time. In the past, there was a more visible geographical dispersion of the spices in the north of China.
In 2002, for example, companies began to infiltrate the county market, 50% of the county market penetration in 2014, and now have 90% coverage at the county level, while the empty market is gradually becoming empty.
Filling up, increasing coverage. In the future, we also see a geographical shift from dispersive to integrated, and a gradual shift from traditional monolithic forms to compound. 1.2 The appetizer industry has experienced industrial upgrading, and the industry has been highly competitive in shuffling.
From planned regulation to the history of industrial upgrading, (1) the first phase is pre-reform and opening up: the acupuncture industry is regulated by the government, while the acupuncture business is dominated by private enterprises. At this stage, the product structure of the acupuncture is more homogeneous, mainly a single acrylic. (2) The second phase is in the 1990s-2000: the industry is in a period of adjustment.
With the opening up of the country, as the market economy evolved, the spices diversified, and a composite taste class emerged, the industry began to develop in a disaggregated manner. 3) The third phase was 2001-2013, and the industry was in a very rapid period of development. At this stage, the catering industry grew rapidly, leading to an increase in demand for the spices.
Increased perception, development opportunities in the market for medium- and high-end spices, and an upward shift in the product structure of the spices. 5) 2019: Increased number of players in the spices industry, changes in channels, cost pressures, industry into a new era of development. The spices industry has grown steadily, with the size of the spices industry in 2021 at $459.4 billion and the 2014-2021 industry.
Inflows, according to business surveys, by the end of 2021, there were 4,196 million spices in business, a decline of 4 per cent compared with 2020. Registration fell off the cliffs in 2021, cancellations rose significantly, a net increase was significantly lower in 20 years, affected by the boom in hoarding and rising consumption levels among the population, and the taste track was also favoured by investors.
In recent years, a combination of spices has gained momentum, with the size of the industry estimated at $158.8 billion in 2021, and more than 70 times in 2014-2021, with the financing of hundreds of millions of dollars more. In parallel with the steady growth of old businesses, many new spice brands have been financed and successfully joined.
The volume grew from 18982 registered in 2014 to 90991 registered in 2020. In 2021, the industry reshuffled and some small players left.
Figure 3 Reciprocalizes the size and speed of the market: two major changes since the epidemic in 1.320: Channels and price increases Core change 1: Channels
\triangleright channel specific change 1: b end-of-end diets damaged, meals damaged and quota meals damaged, c end-of-end stockings led to restrictions on residents' travel and, based on social zero data and income analysis, quota-of-food meals were affected by the epidemic as a whole
There has been a marked decline in the revenue from meals in the early 20 years, 21 years of gradual warming, 22 years of outbreaks in Shanghai, Gilling, etc., and restrictions on out-of-house meals. There has been an increase in the share of household stockings and the demand for domestic scenes toc, which has also led to a massive influx of players in the recovery process, but in early 20 years the stocking was also a follow-up bank.
Indicators such as storage levels have had some impact, with the industrial chain moving into the digestive inventory phase, while the pipeline stock is high, 2021 days, and stock levels are gradually returning to good quality.
Chart 6 shows that the same rate of increase in catering income has been disturbed by the epidemic: the way the population consumes has changed the channel, the way performance is divided off the line, the community group on the line has changed the way it buys the whole shock line, and the market has changed.
The three main channels for appetizers are the end of a restaurant, the end of a household retailing, and the end of a food processing process. According to the statistics of the Institute, the proportion of appetizers for consumption is 50 per cent, 30 per cent, and 20 per cent, respectively, for domestic consumption and food processing.
The business channels for spices are increasingly diversified, and the epidemic has driven a more rapid shift to online and community outlets; consumers are reduced to shop frequency and centralized and online purchases are becoming more common.
Higher sales than 0.46 pct, higher torches, new boosts of 0.37 pct, higher millennia 6.24 pcct, more vinegar, more aggressive layout, more active embrace of online operations: China intends to speed up its online operations by stabilizing its development under the line of guarantee, meeting the fast-changing market demand and consumption scenes.
The Ministry of Retail Industry, Trade and Operations, and the Department of Retail Trade are responsible for the expansion of the network and marketing of products through the retail outlets (both on-line and off-line).
Figure 10: Large singles of natural sauce oil are sold on platforms on large lines, Chart 9 sales per cent on business lines, core change 2: a new round of price increases.
\triangleright cost rises, pushes to raise prices, and tap pricing has been highlighted. Since 2021, the price pressure on spiced raw materials has risen, soybeans have increased by almost 40%, package costs have increased by more than 20%, and the war in Russia has led to transportation.
The rise in costs also put pressure on the enterprise in terms of transport costs, increasing the overall transport cost as a percentage of total costs from 6.93 per cent in 20 years to 7.21 per cent in 21 years.
· Direct materials - direct manual freight for manufacturing costs \triangleright \triangleright
In the current round of price hikes, 1h 2021 seafood increased by 6.36% over the same period, but business costs rose by 13.12% over the same period, owing to higher costs of raw materials, packages, etc. The 21-year rate of direct materials was 84.39%, resulting in cost pressures on raw materials such as soybean prices, which led to a 21-year increase in the price of soybeans.
The price increases in 2021, first announced by the flagship industry, led by the seafood industry, were followed by price hikes in December 14 and March 17, respectively, followed by price increases in July 16 and October 18.
On the negative side, past performance has had an impact. On the whole, timely price increases also facilitate stock transfers by distributors, thus reducing pressure and increasing the motivation of conduits.
Chart 15 Historical Review of Favorite Prices2 Core Competitiveness: Size Strengths + Extended Platforming + Channels, Barriers + Strong Brand Power
2.1 The core scale advantage of production capacity The scale advantage of production capacity is the continued expansion of capacity in the sea. According to the 2021 report, the company produces 4.3 million tons of capacity and overall capacity.
The utilization rate has been maintained at more than 95%. The company ' s flavour production base covers an area of nearly 3,000 acres, is highly intelligent, has a natural sunbath and fermentable can with an area of nearly 600,000 square metres, more than 10 bottles of automatic packaging lines at a maximum speed of 48,000 bottles, and four warehouses with a total storage capacity of more than 5 million tons.
In 2005, the seafood industry invested $1 billion to build a production base with a high-intensity centre, and in 2008-2011 invested $2 billion to build a smart second phase. In 2014, the company was listed as "1.5 million tons of soy sauce."
After the project is completed, the company's total production capacity will be 1.88 million tons of soy sauce and 302,000 tons of soy sauce.
During the year, several production bases throughout the country have been designed and constructed, including the Nanning I production base, logistics base, etc.
The project was officially launched to further promote the intellectualization of the Haichang 2 plant. In 2018, the Haichang Oil II pilot pilot project for the production of smart intelligence accelerated the transformation of the technology, information, and scale-based smart manufacturing of the sea sky, with an investment of $10 million in the establishment of the Haichang (Gangsou) Favorite Food Company Ltd. in Jiangsu Province in Cebu City, marking the nation's deployment of the sea sky.
The construction of the plant opened, while the main part of the 2015 Jiangsu relocation plant was almost complete. The 2016 Jiangsu plant phase was operational, with the company ' s overall appetizer capacity of over 2 million tons.
With the smooth start of production and the continued increase in the operational capacity of the Jiangsu plant, the second phase of the construction was launched in Jiangsu, which was partially operational, with an increase of 200,000 tons in annual capacity, and the second phase of the construction of the accommodation base, with an increase of 200,000 tons in annual capacity.
From the point of view of the cost of tons, the cost of manufacturing and labour in the sea is better than the cost of new controls in the middle torch, where unit labour costs are much lower than in other firms.
Companies can continuously reduce the cost of inputs from their producers, while at the same time digging deep into potential efficiency gains and further unleashing the advantages of greater convergence in scale and efficiency in management.
Figure 17 Analysis of changes in sea-day costs from the point of view of production: the production of accelerates increased from 13,357,000 tons in 15 years to 264,72 tons, doubling production. The production of aphids also increased rapidly from 39,150,000 tons in 15 years to 95,566 tons in 21 years.
From a Māori perspective: the company has a better Māori rate and has a good scale effect. The best control over Hae-Tien Māori in the taste-tempo industry was achieved 17 years ago, and the gap between the two others has narrowed in recent years, but has remained largely high at 40% over the past 21 years. On the one hand, the company is more productive than at 40%.
Cost amortization, which raises the margins of the Māori rate. On the other hand, the company speeds up the transformation of the plant ' s intelligent manufacturing, and the efficiency of overall production operations continues to increase (the Māori rate has declined in the last two years, except for the increase in the cost of procurement, which has been adjusted by accounting standards). The cost of raw materials has remained high for 22 years, with pre-arranged price increases close to the end of the company ' s costs.
Diagram 22, Mäori Mäori Mäori Mäori variation chart 2.2, shows the strength of the product, which highlights the continued growth of the extended force of the product class and the gradual movement of the tap towards a platform.
A reasonable extension of the life cycle of the products of the \triangleright class, along with a timely layout in line with changes in consumption habits, three traditional business camps for soy sauce, aphid oil and soy sauce account for a large share of the company's head office (2021, the company's head office).
The structure of the products of the sea sky is shaped by pyramids, and of the three traditional categories of soy sauce, aphid oil, sauce, and soy sauce, there are currently two large single items of more than $3 billion, as well as several large ones of billions.
Figure 25 Life cycle of spices New brand-new sauce in 2014, new bean sauce in 2015 and new hot pots in 2020, moving on to the reprogramming track to achieve a steady expansion of the class.
Rapid growth, product structure and profitability, combined competitive advantages further increased; americium oils gradually developed into a national product, and became one of the most important spices in the kitchen, followed by soy sauce, and the introduction of branded sauce, mushroom sauce, etc., all received good market feedback, which enriched the sauce.
Product structure specifications, building on the foundations of the development. The special features of the sauce highlight the development of monolithic products suitable for nationalization and geographical characteristics.
Trends in trends: Healthy Functional Product Structural Upgrading + Large Packaging, in the case of soy sauce, we have sorted out the process of upgrading the seafood product structure. 1) 2014 points to high-end and segmentation: upgrades of the Seaten Gold Marble to special gold tag series; rolls out the high-end product "old word series"
Soy sauce, with new items such as "365 rare" and "0 plus" and "low salt" in the series, which has now been collected in hundreds of millions of copies. At the same time, emphasis is placed on the disaggregation: for the "sea-sky gold sauce" it is broken down into sweet and fresh gold markers.)
"Silent": Introduction of a simple nudity sauce, a simple sauce (seeking for the taste of raw food), a series of zero additions to the millet industry, and the "zero addition" market. 3) "0 series" created in 2021: "0 gold-sniffing, 0 grass mushroom-sniffing, 0 smell-free. 4) "2022 upgrades of the sea sky organic sauce.
Chart 27 Aquarium oil product matrix, based on the history of the Jaguar tap, we believe that the future will be mainly in a healthy, functional direction.
To upgrade the structure of the product. 1990s soy sauce oil: between 1989 and 1990, the use of soybeans in Japanese soy sauce was raised from 2% to 10%, and soybean soy sauce using soybeans as a feedstock began to spread.
2000s Organic Soy sauce: In 2001, the organic sauce certification system was officially implemented in Japan, with a rapid increase in the production of organic sauce from 1,600 tons in 2002 to a peak of 6,700 tons in 2006 and subsequently stabilized at about 6,000 tons of 2010s freshly extracted/boiled sauce: starting in 2011, fresh sauce in sealed containers began to grow.
According to an intagesci survey of retail terminals, the sales of fresh sauce oil in 2015 were 3.6 times higher than in 2011. As in the case of the previous healthy sauce, the fresh sauce was mainly directed at high-health consumers, whose share of sales in the domestic use market had risen from 6% since 2011.
As much as 23% have become the dominant breakdown of household consumption. Japan's soybean company, Tokuyama, also took the lead in launching fresh sauce oil in 2010, raising sales from 1.1 billion yen in 2011 to 8.7 billion yen in 2015, with cagr reaching 68%.
In recent years, the market share of turtles in the Japanese soy sauce market has been on the rise as new healthy monolithics have become popular, reaching 33.3% in 2019.
Figure 28 Trends in the price of 28 tonnes ($/ton) shows the direction of the future in terms of changes in the price of the tonnage, with the product being heavily packaged or becoming a trend. \triangleright
In 2016 and 2021, the prices of tons of soy sauce oils continued to change, with a continuous increase of $510, 5400, 5451, 5356, 5317 tons, respectively, starting in the 20th century. In the statement paragraph, the price of the finished products is indicated as the price of the finished products, which, according to the research channels, would be higher than the price of the large package tons. (a large package would have been less expensive;)
Large packages are dominated by pet bottles and small packagings are dominated by glass bottles at lower cost) Large packaging trend driver: 1) From the point of view of catering, the same food is produced and used more frequently than the old, so use is faster than the old, and the value of the package is higher than the consumer's.
Prices. 2) From the point of view of product integrity, large packaging facilitates product replacements with fewer frequency and enhances brand sticky. 3) Larger specifications are more economical from the point of view of the catering channel, allowing companies to establish good competitive barriers to the computational edge of 2.3 channels tob: creating core barriers and deep subsidence of the distribution system.
To understand the bottom logic of the ready-to-eat diet, and to understand in depth the needs of the cook: 1) in terms of products: cooks have a high frequency and long-term reuse of spices, and, in order to ensure the quality of the food and taste, often choose to use spices with safety, stability, quality, etc. (2) in terms of prices: cooks have a certain amount of value
It is customary for certain types and brands to be more sticky, so prices are less sensitive when prices are generally raised in the industry. However, now the restaurants tend to have purchasers who choose to buy more competitive products at the cook's request, so the catering market is more rational when selecting spices.
The recipes, usage habits, cooking methods, etc. require a certain amount of spices, which, after choosing a spice, will not be easily replaced to ensure consistency in the quality of the food produced, and thus have a high degree of brand loyalty. The sea is accompanied by major monolith construction, cooks’ habits, and value-for-money measures to achieve core barriers.
Prices and preferences: As early as the 1990s, the sea began to take advantage of the food supply at low cost. The main thing was to create a field presence to serve local market distributors and to recruit marketing personnel to take ownership of sales execution in order to achieve a breakthrough in the regional market, which led to the creation of a pre-emptive advantage.
One-size-fits-all, with the seafood industry as an example of steaming fish oil, which was introduced earlier in response to the restaurant's needs, is not only introduced into the sorghum restaurant, but is also a common sauce for the smelt restaurant. 3) Cooks are used to nurturing: given the stringent requirements for the consistency of the food, it is usually not easy to change the taste.
Seaday also builds on Lee's experience by working with cooks' schools to prepare cooks for the use of ketchup oil. In combination with the continued promotion of channels, the sea sky is more vulnerable at the end of b. Seaday has also sponsored the New Orientian School and several chefs' contests for dozens of years, increasing the stickyness of cooks in the use of seafood products.
In the past, the seafood industry accounted for more than 60 per cent of the Chinese channel, and the epidemic led to a certain change in the distribution of the company's channel, but the overall b-side ratio was higher than the industry channel and better than that of its peers.
\triangleright's “pay first, finish later” settlement: guarantee a relatively adequate cash flow. Seafood has the largest distribution network in the au repainting industry, with companies mainly using distributor-based sales models.
The model, which is often a settlement of “pay first, finish later,” can effectively guarantee cash flow supply and reduce bad debts. By upgrading the quality and distribution of downstream distributors, companies achieve national market coverage, and eventually sell goods to end-users through distributors.
Co-operation between companies and distributors is win-win, while helping dealers expand their channels while increasing their own sales.
The division’s management system, with the company’s local distribution agencies at all levels, can deepen the finer management of downstream distributors, and help them to open up new marketing channels to better settle their sales. So the guidance and management of distributors in the seatime industry is also a central advantage that their peers are unable to emulate.
2) Marketing channel management: the company establishes a management structure for priority distribution channels so that it can better assist distributors in opening up channels and assisting distributors in making priority breakthroughs.
(3) Coverage has continued to deepen: the penetration of the county market began in 2002; the penetration rate at the district level was 50 per cent in 2014; the total number of national distributors amounted to 7051 annually, representing an increase of 21.4 per cent over the year; the total number of distributors amounted to 7430 at the end of 2021, representing about 1.5 times the rate in 2018, achieving a rapid boom, with the outbreak of marketers contributing to an increase in operating income.
Regional distribution of distributors: The share of the north/west/central/south/eastern region in the distribution of 21a distributors in the sea is 29.25 per cent/22.65 per cent/22.30 per cent/13.08 per cent/12.72 per cent. 2.4 Brand marketing is strong and consumer penetration is increasing gradually
According to The Asian Markets Footprint of the Kedau Consumer Index, the number of consumer contacts and penetration rates increased steadily between 18 and 20 years, as did the frequency of consumer purchases. In 20 years, consumers reached 620 million, with a penetration rate of 79.4%, ranking them among China’s top ten consumers.
According to the 2021 China Brand Power Index (c-bpi) list, the sea sky is number one in four trades such as soy sauce, aphid oil, sauce, vinegar.
For 10 years, vinegar has been branded first, and acetic oil has peaked in 20 and 21 years. In addition, Haitian has been honoured by the Chinese Old Chinese Word, China Light Industries 100, China Light Industries 50, China Light Industries Food Industries, and China Light Industries 100 Technology Enterprises, showing their strong branding power.
The vinegar c-bpi index has grown over the last six years, focusing on brand image-making and continuous branding and marketing. In recent years, companies have spent a lot of advertising to raise brand visibility and spread through different types of popular entertainment programmes, reality shows, etc.
The company has also joined the "Soft Power Brands" program, which has on several occasions launched a short film on "Soft Power Works" and brand stories during the prime time of the high-profile channel, showing the quality of seafood products and corporate attitudes, and creating brands of national repertoires.
Companies continue to innovate in brand marketing strategies, increase online multimedia and community media campaigns, and interact with consumers through a variety of new media formats, such as live, grass-planting, and head-to-head collaboration. From traditional media to emerging modes of communication, a wide range of inputs enhance branding influence.
Figure 39 Collapse of sea-day branding and marketing activities since 2015, sales costs have been 10.87 per cent, 12.52 per cent, 13.42 per cent, 13.13 per cent, as a result of adjustments in the way sales freight and promotion charges are recorded) and sales costs have been 5.43 per cent in 21 years, compared with the corresponding rates
Declines 0.56 pct. In absolute terms, advertising costs increase, advertising costs increase as a proportion of sales costs increase as a whole from the market, and advertising costs as a proportion of sales costs have increased in the last two years.
3.1 At a critical juncture, seize the opportunity of every change The company has evolved over 60 years, from regional to national, to national competitiveness, which is the fundamental, product, network, scientific research, size, and competitive advantage of sea-based production.
Chart 42: A bicentennial plan, a vision of a fully automated packaging production line: in 2001, China proposed a double 100-way (one billion dollars worth of sales, one million tons of production); in 2003, the company introduced company No. 1 from Germany's original import.
A fully automated packaging production line with a packing speed of 24,000 bottles/hour; early performance layout and enabling scale effects: in 2005, total investment amounted to 1 billion, annual output \triangleright
With over 1 million tons of sea sky high-quality production, the first phase of construction began in 2008 and preparations began for the completion of the high-quality 2nd phase, with the annual production of sea sky going beyond 2 million tons.
In particular, by 2018, the goal of doubling the size and profitability of the sea, maintaining the continued, healthy and stable development of the sea sky, continuing to consolidate the sea sky's position in the spice industry and further expanding its presence in soy sauce, aphid oil and sauce.
The advantage is to accelerate the development of potentials such as wine, vinegar, and compound sauce. While maintaining a central priority for development, using the good weather platform and superior resources, we are making every effort to accelerate the expansion of new businesses and build new advantages.
From the point of view of the results, it was 17 billion yuan for 18 years, 15.18 per cent for 13-18 years, 15.18 per cent for Cagr, 4.36 billion yuan for 18 years, and 22.14 per cent for 13-18 years.
3. Price review: combined performance and valuation drivers Figure 45 changes in sea-day share prices 4. Profit projection and valuation analysis:
Depending on the overall changes in the industry, we split up the three major business lines of the company. 1) Price increases: According to the trend, the end end-of-end demand recovery is still to be observed, thus maintaining steady growth. 3) Māori ratio: corporate price increases, while reducing efficiency measures continue.
Advances, in conjunction with the upward trend of products such as corporate sauce, structural upgrades have continued, and we expect that the rate of Maori will remain largely stable for 22 years. 4) The cost side will remain largely relatively stable, with costs invested rationally, leading to a profit-matched income growth trend.
By comparison with the industry, the overall sea weather valuation is higher than the industry ' s cutting of vegetables, high torches, Angel yeast, etc., but from the company ' s own perspective, the past five years have seen p-ttm close to 60x, driven in parallel by measures such as product structuring, price escalation, smoothing costs, downswing efficiency, etc.
1) Cost pressures: significant increases in raw materials prices, pressure on transport costs, higher labour costs, etc. 2) Increased competition in the industry: unsatisfied developments in the company ' s new products and damage to the product ' s structural upgrading path. 3) Outbreak control and recovery are not as good as expected: catering ends are not restored as expected.
4. Food safety risks: food safety incidents. The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using information that is legally compliant. The data and information used in this report are from publicly available information on the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.