Wenchengsecurities cherish the "Four Bottoms"
Signals for nickel-cobalt lithium have been made clear and the end of the cycle is clear. 1) Democratic Republic of the Congo has suspended the export of cobalt raw materials to the bottom of the price of cobalt and the bottom of the price of cobalt. On 24 February 2025, the relevant authorities of the Democratic Republic of the Congo announced their decision to suspend cobalt exports for a period of four months in order to address the oversupply of the global cobalt market.
About 76%, the Indonesian Cobalt Mines account for about 10%, the Democratic Republic of the Congo has suspended for four months the export or export of cobalt raw materials, which leads to a reduction of about 25% in the global supply of cobalt, and the cobalt supply and demand balance, or a direct shortfall from excess. At the same time, because of the downside of the previous cobalt price, there is no will to keep much of the stock in the industry, and we measure the projected domestic stock of Cobalt raw materials.
In only about three months, tensions over the supply of cobalt raw materials could not be stopped. (2) Indonesia’s policy is frequent, and nickel prices are likely to rise and fall. In 2024, Jiang Soudlong was ruled bankrupt by the court, and his four-phase nickel industry projects in Indonesia combined more than 600,000 tons of nickel metal production, and the operation of his nickel industry projects or disruption to the bankruptcy of his parent company would have caused the supply and demand of nickel.
In addition, Indonesia introduced a series of policies in early 2025, such as the simbara whole-sector regulation, the natural resource export foreign exchange compulsory settlement mechanism, and the re-pricing of hma formulas, aimed at strengthening controls on the supply side of nickel, guaranteeing reasonable profit retention in the indigenous nickel industry, and dragging down the nickel price. 3) Clearing signs from the Australian mine are clear.
Qiuzu, the supply of lithium carbonate has declined. Since the second half of 2024, the price of lithium salt in the country has fallen due to oversupply pressure, 80,000 people have fallen and the price of lithium concentrate cif has fallen by $800, touching most of the cost lines in Australia, and it has suffered from loss pressures.
The Australian mine has been cut off, and the Australian mine has been able to clear about 100,000 tons of lce. The company’s upstream nickel and cobalt lithium resource configuration is perfect, and integration advantages are expected to benefit from a deep price increase cycle. 4) The Trinity ratio is expected to hit the bottom level, rising to 22.2 per cent in the future, and the trinity ratio is expected to rise as the high-end vehicle pattern rises.
At the same time, with the rapid release of the 4680 cylinder batteries, the three-dollar orthodox material is expected to benefit in depth, and the three-quarterly reporting points in the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh) in 2024, such scenes as batteries, human robots, low-altitude flights, etc., also open space for the long-term growth of materials.
Q: q3 performance exceeded expectations, integration advantages emerged from the establishment of the Equivalencies 2024/, and internationalization is expected to increase profitability. Companies have completed integrated layouts ranging from nickel to nickel smelting to deep processing of new energy materials, and participation in the nickel project has enhanced corporate nickel reserves
The Chinese-American Cobalt Industry (603799.sh) reported semi-annually in 2024, with a combined capacity of 250,000 tonnes (considering excess production) of the Chinese-fificient nickel smelter project, and a guaranteed company rating that China-Fi nickel products were released with a significant increase in the performance ring.
-2024/08/24 Steady-state profitability, coupled with the company ' s internationalization of the 50,000-dollar pre-removable energy project in Indonesia, which binds high-quality clients in North America to contribute to incremental profitability.
The first quarter of the year, in 024, reported that the downswing of prices was a drag on performance, as well as an increase in corporate equity, with an aggregate size of 1 billion dollars in cash, while companies engaged in employee equity incentives to award 0.614 per cent of total corporate equity after debt-to-equity conversion for the first time, highlighting firm corporate confidence in the potential for future development.
The Chinese-American Cobalt Industry (603799.sh) semi-annual report 2023 Investment proposal: company upstream resources are well-placed, downstream lithium materials are expected to continue to be released, and international ratings: performance is as high as expected, and lithium materials are delivered with the same amount of cargo as ever.
The resource and car giants are bound deep, growing with certainty and a deep moat. Currently, the bottom of the nickel cobalt lithium price is clear, and the bottom of the price is clear.
1.1 "Four Bottoms" - Cobalt: The lowest price in history, the Democratic Republic of the Congo temporarily suspended cobalt exports The Democratic Republic of the Congo suspended the export of cobalt raw materials for towed cobalt prices and specified base levels for cobalt prices.
On 24 February 2025, it was announced that it would suspend cobalt exports for a period of four months in order to address excess supply in the global cobalt market