The profits have been growing since 2021. In 2021, the company returned $7,956 million in net profits and, according to performance forecasts, the profits in the first three quarters of the year exceeded those of the previous year.
At a horizontal level, the overall rate of growth has remained stable with the launch of two cars in the national cellar + Tutu. Since this year, the company has been actively engaged in the “100-city integration” and the “war of the former” to boost the demand for the end of the country, taking into account the state of the starfire.
Zhejiang's sales outpaced Hunan, and the growth of low-lying foreigners. Prior to the Fourth of July, the three major brand sales companies of the Department (the State cellar company, the State cellar age company, and the Troupe company) wrote separately, as a result of the year-long quota implementation, the three monolithic “State cellars”, 1573, the 100-year-old state, were targeted.
On the one hand, the year-round repayments are almost over, passing the scarce quota numbers to distributors; on the other hand, the company's control over Wang Li's marketing and channel stocks is more sophisticated and stable.
In the strategy of Double Brands, Three Serieses, Big Monument, we've calculated that this year's sales in the cellar are expected to rise to a new 10 billion steps, in addition to this.
The Ministry of Music has also been working steadily. The old ad ad has continued the trend of selling since the change of prices, and the deal has stood at 300. The 60th edition of the special is a big 500-bit single item, dominated by past group buying channels, gradually opening up to circulation channels. This year, sales have broken out by 2 billion.
On the occasion of the Fourth of July, the company launched the "Red 60" single item, which was designed to take further advantage of the feast market and build the sub-high-priced table poles.
Under company plans, during the \triangleright 1455 period, the retail guide's "black cover" at $98 is expected to add up to 10 billion in sales.
Cedars (000568.sz): Stabilize and complete the 1.5 million terminal site, becoming the size and market leader of a 100-dollar high-quality bottle of light wine. Since the black market, companies have built a digital marketing model for consumers.
Xiangzhou old cellar (000568.sz): Teams innovate in the way the scenes are constructed and marketed, and they accelerate their arrival through two rounds of drinks.
For six months now, the Thongzhou cellar 1952 has also been launched in various parts of the country as a high price for its brands, and we believe that the product has not yet come to be a profit supplement to the channel and to take on a certain amount of sub-high-end price demand.
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; increased risk of industry competition
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing, was a researcher on the National Social Affairs Fund in Shenzhen, China. In 2015, he entered the country with sales + research experience, and in 2020 he formed a food and beverage team. The research focused on breaking through the industry and the various units.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or viewpoints in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the CSRC-approved qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.