Events: The company announced that 17,525 million yuan in operating income was achieved in the first three quarters of 2022, a year-on-year increase.
Long, with an increase of more than 40 per cent in the size of the superstition, an increase in the age of the cellars, a change in the headlines that is beginning to bear fruit, with 1952 and black cover products still in the market. 22q3, a net profit of 2,685 million yuan, a 31.05 per cent increase over the previous forecast (+23 per cent-33 per cent), fell on the top of the region.
In the third quarter, corporate sales returned $20.369 billion, an increase of 33.56 per cent over the same period, of which 22q3 returns were significantly higher, with a sustained increase in profitability. 22q3, the company ' s Māori ratio was equal to +0.98 pct to 88.49 per cent, with mainly high- and middle-end products leading up to growth and better structure; and operating taxes and surcharges.
Digital systems are being built with more precise cost inputs and more cost-effective than ever; management rates are the same as -0.32 pct to 4.92 per cent; this results in a net interest rate of +3.06 pct to 45.82 per cent, which has increased profitability since this year.
A firm dual brand is working, and the downward trend is not changing. On the basis of the nationalization of the cellar, the company wants to make further progress in the rejuvenation of the Qing State ' s brand, the return to the status of the famous wine, the old word, and the 60th edition of the Quixin, Chongqing, and Quzhou.
The pilot, China’s East and North, have gradually developed into a billion-dollar system, with a 60-yard specialized meal channel, and the market as a whole moving ahead smoothly. The trend towards the low-levelization of the cellar is continuing, and companies are expected to adapt to changing consumer demand and to achieve further nationalization and diffusion at a lower and medium level, depending on the quality of the technology.
Xiangzhou old cellar (000568.sz): All-line Xiangzhou old cellar (000568.sz): Step Xiangzhou old cellar (000568.sz): Steady
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; increased risk of industrial competition
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing, was a researcher on the National Social Affairs Fund in Shenzhen, China. In 2015, he entered the country with sales + research experience, and in 2020 he formed a food and beverage team. The research focused on breaking through the industry and the various units.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or viewpoints in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the CSRC-approved qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.