“Two brands” drive high performance, profit sustainability continues to be optimized 28 October 2022 close to the forecast cap, and two brand-driven performance increases.
The company leads from the top of the country's 1573th to the bottom of the top line of the low-level market, to the 1952nd brand pole of the old sculptor series, 60th edition of the special collection, old-word special value.
Reshaping the company's focus on the strategy of "double brands, trilogy, big monoliths" is clear and reflects enough strategic patience and determination, the cellar's basics are solid, and the 14th Five-Year Period is still expected to last around 20% annually.
Long, with a clear upward trend in prices; specials, scavengers, key price bands, and fast-growing pathways, including core urban layout and physiology, high-sight bottle price belts, and product matrices, have been refined. The Māori rate of 22q3 has risen steadily, taxes and rates have been reduced to release profit elasticities.
\triangleright Zhang Lingyu, with a sales cost of 11.48%, with a corresponding reduction of 2.24 pcts, mainly as a result of reduced spending due to the impact of the epidemic;
In mid-2022, the Quanzhou cellar (000568.sz) reported that: 3.07pcts. The contract liability at the end of 22q3 was $1.90 billion, with the ring being cut by $430 million. 22q3 vendor “double brand” drives up to 2022/08/31.
2-year-a-week review: The cellars drive fast growth, costs Investment proposal: the company has gradually completed sub-high-end shorts, and we see robust growth driven by two brands.
Motivation, corporate equity incentives and pay incentives reforms have been put on the ground, giving significant impetus to management and core staff.
The channel model for the upper row 2022/03/12 table is highly compatible with team management, and the future one-size-fits strategy is expected to continue.
Report: Profit elasticity continues to be released, equity incentives are positive for the cellar, public alcohol marketing reforms are justified when methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.