The company's performance is strong, and the state's guest, superb, and the state's cellars publish the 22-year-old 3-quarter report.
+24.2 per cent, net return to the mother of $8.22 billion, corresponding to +30.9 per cent, and eps of $5.58. The performance of the 3q22 Division is strong, the national layout is well advanced, the incentives are well developed, and the performance of the 22nd quarter of Quanzhou is maintained.
In the context of the outbreak, income continued to grow at a high rate of 22.3 per cent for the same year as the 3q22 battalion, highlighting the company ' s good ability to operate and to withstand pressure. (1) The impact of the epidemic on the southwest and north-west markets was felt, and we judge that the growth rate in the 3q22 countries is likely to slow slightly. (2) The old adjective
After several years of operating, steadily raising prices, and now becoming the second growth pole of a company as consumer acceptance increases, it is fast and long. The middle-barrel feature continues the trend of high growth in the first half of the year, with high value for product, adapting to the current consumption environment, and we judge that 3q22 is growing at 30% +.
The special 60 has been expanded from a single-challenged channel to a full-source pilot in priority markets, with better feedback from the city, and the company’s low-level launch of the special 60 in September to take over the local table market. The ring is 500 million more, and the epidemic is disturbing the company’s demand rhythm.
The product structure is optimized and costs are better regulated, and the 3q22 net interest rate for parent increases by 3.1 pct on a year-on-year basis. The 3q22 Māori rate is 88.5 per cent, an increase of 1.0 pcc on a year-on-year basis, which is related to product structure optimization and price increases. 3q22 has a cost rate of 18.2 per cent for four periods, a decrease of 2.3 pct on a year-on-year basis.
The reduction is related to the strengthening of cost effectiveness controls within the company, as well as to the fact that some of the promotion costs were not released as a result of the epidemic. The tax and surcharge rate for 3q22 companies is 9.2%, and 2.2pc is reduced on the same basis, possibly due to an uneven recognition of quarterly taxes.
Nationalization has advanced in an orderly manner, with improved incentives to actively adjust market policies in response to the epidemic, and has kept up with better developments. (1) The company pursues a regional market development strategy called “Eungjin, Nantu, China Rise.”
Building has worked, and the nationalized market has developed in an orderly manner. (2) Equity incentives have addressed the chronic under-incentives of senior management, which is currently stable, highly tied to corporate interests and performance, and has given rise to strong incentives. (3) The high cellar continues to enjoy 1,000-dollar price band expansion, old word.
The number is new, with a 300-bit boost. (4) The brand is growing steadily upward and nationalized, with some room for optimization of the company’s cost rate in the future.
Price fluctuations in Pou, Poo V. Channel stock is over-expected. The epidemic is repeated and consumption scenes are missing.
Food beverages: white wineii