The performance is in line with expectations, and the state cellar is in a state-of-the-state incident assessment report (000568.sz) The state-of-the-state cellar issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2022.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn fulfils expectations, completes the year-round goal, completes the year-round goal, and we expect low-income country guests to continue their efforts.
With higher growth, the country’s cellars are still strong, and the low- and high-level cellars are growing at a high rate. The strategy remains the same, the special 60 continues to function, and the high-end white wine camps in China are stable; the old farts in Chenzhou are charged with high prices and image.
Continuous energy, bright eyes) and scavenging wine are focused on synergizing development, fixing key prices; headline upgrades in prices, quotas, brands, etc.; black cover kicks off the nuclear process; heart city layouts and promotions; locking in state cellars for the development of Taki; and innovation products.
New models are being explored, new breakthroughs are being made, core markets are being opened up, recovery is being accelerated, the first three macroeconomic downside risks are being hit, the epidemic is dragging consumption, the cellars are growing less than expected.
3. Report of the China Securities* Corporation * (000568), incident evaluation report: performance overperformance and continuous improvement of the country ' s population
Sun Shan: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.