The low-lying cellars performed well as expected – the tri-quarterly report of 2022 was published in the Quanzhou cellar (000568.sz) incident assessment report.
Conns@cfsc.com.cn is performing as expected as a result of the year-round goal of achieving a risk-free use rate equal to 2 pct and a management cost rate equal to 0.3 pct.
• The core strategy remains the same, the state's lock-down needles, the product by product, the company's focus on the strategy of "double brands, trilogy, big monolith."
3. Report of the China Securities* Corporation* (000568), an event evaluation report on macroeconomic downside risks in the second half of the year, the epidemic's consumption drags down, the country's cellars are growing less than expected.
Accelerated recovery, hit by the first three-man food beverages group. Sunshan: Master of Economics, five years of food beverage sellers' experience, full coverage of the food beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.