Quanzhou Co.A. (000568), Quanzhou Triannual Report 2022, Quanzhou, Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan, Quan Quan Quan Quan, Quan Quan Quan, Quan Quan Quan Quan, Quan Quan Quan Quan, Quan Quan Quan, Quan Quan Quan, Quan Quan Quan, Quan Quan Quan, Quan Quan Quan, Quan Quan, Quan Quan, Quan Quan Quan, Quan Quan, Quan, Quan Quan, Quan, Quan, Quan, Quan, Quan, Quan, Quan, Quan, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q., Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q
The income rises at a new rate, and the profits are high 1) the company gains at a new rate. 22q1-3/q3 seasons, with the company's total revenue rising at a different rate 2) q3 sales are at a higher rate of income growth. 22q1-3/q3 seasons, with the company selling at a higher rate.
1) The profitability of the 22q3 company has continued to increase. The net interest rate on company sales was 45.98 per cent (+3.77pt) in the 22q3 quarter, and its growth was mainly due to the dual contribution of the Māori rate and the cost rate over time. (+0.98pt) The increase was mainly due to economies of scale.
3) Cost controls are refined and the rate decreased during the 22q3 period. 22q3 season, company sales/management/end-place sales are strong and brands are on the ups and ups. 1) The first three quarters are well-established throughout the year.
The In-depth Report on the Research of the State Dollar Securities Corporation, which completed the implementation of a full-year quota and completed the year-round repayments, says: "Acquainted tiles, the sword points to the first three, 2022.09.29."
2) The new items are on the market successfully. 22q3, the senior visitors of Xiangzhou 1952 are on the market in Chengdu, Guangzhou, Nanjing, etc. The company has successfully launched the 60th edition of the special for the banquet (R60) as an upgraded version of the 60th edition of the special.
3. High-end liquor companies are strong and brands are growing up. High-end wines are well-positioned, and the price is stable at more than $900, while the 60th edition of the old sculptor special is sold over $2 billion, successfully occupying the 500-dollar price belt.
The company is rich and white, and the country's customers, 1573, hold on to three high-end white wine camps in China, continue to grow in profitability, and the first three quarters are booming, with a strong year-round certainty. We expect the company to return to its mother, Zhu Woo-hoon, in 22-24.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.