The Fund's hosting license plate was approved for the promotion of wealth management operations.
Incident: Eastern wealth was announced on 3 June 2022, and the company's subsidiary, Eastern wealth securities, completed the preparatory work for the hosting of the fund within a month, and the trusting of the fund will be carried out externally after the exchange of securities futures licences.
▪ The Fédération d’Affaires has been granted the trust status of the Fund, and the company’s business has been upgraded to a higher level: 1) The Fédération de l’Egistrature, i.e., the Fédération de l’Affaires, has been granted the trust status of the Fédération de l’Investigation de Portfolio, which is currently being acquired by 29 securities dealers (as of 2 June 2022).
Externally, the financial institution may charge a trust fee for the funds it represents, for example, public and private fund-raising. 2) The trusting business of the fund is one of the most important for wealth management, and the bond-holders' business is stronger: the trust of the fund is one of the basic operations of financial institutions, and it is also part of other wealth management operations (e.g., financial institutions).
There is a strong link between the sale of funds, brokering, and trading operations.
▪ Supervising the competitive hosting of funds, and promising benefits for highly professional and high-quality financial institutions: 1) Fund hosting regulations are gradually being strengthened: the Securities and Investment Fund Trust Management Scheme was jointly issued by the Securities and Insurance Commission and the Silver Insurance Commission in July 2020, and the Fund's hosting industry is being regulated continuously
In the context of the trend towards institutionalization of capital markets, funds are regulated to protect against barbarous growth and to ensure that the legitimate rights of investors are protected as a point of departure for regulation.
The Bank of Suzhou has issued the same licence plate for the first time in eight years to re-open a hosting licence to the Central Bank; in addition, since 2020, the rate of issuance of a hosting licence plate to bond dealers at the supervisory level has increased even more, as a regulatory measure to encourage and guide inter- and intra-industry competition in the Fund ' s hosting business.
In the future, institutions that can provide more professional and efficient services to the Fund’s clients and have an advantage in rates are expected to gain a greater share of the market.  Hosting operations are expected to increase revenue slightly + widening institutional client rates: 1) bond dealers’ trust fund rates
(b) Quarterly reviews: R & D costs and investment returns, of which bank/column hosting assets totalled $24.70/0.52 trillion, respectively.
0.12%/0.07%. Bonders do not have an advantage because of the small number of hosting operations, so they have a lower trust rate than the industry average.) Banks account for an absolute share of the fund-hosting industry, with the bond-hosting leader: 97.96% of the bank-hosting fund assets as at the end of 2021, of which workers account for 97.96%.
The wealth of the east (300059): in 2021, the market and commercial banks accounted for a maximum of 14.75 per cent, the size of the trust fund was 3.72 trillion yuan, and the cost of the trust was 5.5 billion yuan (0.55 per cent of the revenue); among the coupons, the size of the trust fund was first in the list.
Review of the continuing growth of the wealth management pole, with a management rate of 0.07 per cent; 3) the advantages of the equity fund in the area of fragmentation, building core business with institutional clients
Long-term co-operation: the coupon settlement model promotes a competitive advantage in the bond-hosting business, and, as an Internet voucher dealer, the franchise has the advantage of a trust licence and a fund exchange, it is expected to widen public fund-raising.
Exercising the right to early foreclosure, the prospect of capital and other non-monetary public fund holdings, the Eastern Wealth City share and the industry's average trust ratio continue to see the long-term corporate stock rise, and the retail wealth management poles continue to be strengthened.
In the case of the “buy-in” rating, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has an investment advisory committee on securities.