In the first quarter of 2022, the mother-to-child net profit rate increased. Eastern wealth was released on April 22nd, 2022.
It was reported that revenues in the quarter amounted to 3,196 million yuan, an increase of 10.61 per cent over the same period; a net return to the mother of 2,171 million yuan, an increase of 13.63 per cent over the same period; and a net profit after deduction of 2,204 million yuan, an increase of 5.34 per cent over the same period.
\triangleright takes a detailed breakdown of revenues from information technology services of $1.24 billion, down 11.5 per cent from the same year; interest income of $610 million was volatile in early 2022.
Strong growth is enough to show growth resilience. Profit ends are growing well, investment styles are sturdy. Company 22q1 profits are growing at \triangleright.
Another major change in 2021 in reporting to the Middle East was the expansion of the size of its own investments, but the corporate investment style was relatively robust, with bonds rising to $447 billion, an increase of 176% from the same year. The return on solid investments was also partially offset.
The securities business grew so resilient that the ceiling was still not reached. The securities business of Dong-jin, 22q1, maintained a high \triangleright loan of $39.7 billion, an increase of 21% from the same year, but a slight decline in the ring ratio, with average interest rates measured.
Gold revenues are growing faster, mainly as a result of an increase in the city’s share and the continued growth of futures brokerage. The Fund’s sales operations are under short-term pressure to wait for the market’s recovery.
As the sun rises, wealth is being managed with the impact of the fund's overall performance, the market for the fund's sales as a whole has become depressed, adding a high base of 21q1 base gold sales revenue (mainly because of a significant increase in turnover under active market activity), so the fund's sales industry has been able to make a difference.
We believe that the core of the Fund’s sales is the revenue from tailings, with holdings at its core, that short-term market volatility has not changed wealth management trends and good corporate business models, and that once the market is warming, capital market investment, represented by public funds, remains the central asset management tool, Toyoshi.
With 17 million + high-quality flows, fund sales and holdings are expected to rebound. Rich of their own “Internet + voucher license” scarcity, industry’s leadership, and current valuations compared to their own historical valuations, we believe that the current company is significantly undervalued and maintains a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.