Corporate rating report  Non-banking financial sector Performance growth in market share of securities brokerage operations  Eastern wealth (300059.sz)
The incident company disclosed its first quarter report in 2022.
As a result, the company ' s performance has declined at a rate of growth, but it continues to outpace the growth of the market. 2022q1 achieved total operating income of 3,196 million yuan, an increase of 10.61 per cent over the same period; net equity gains attributable to listed companies were realized.
Securities brokering has grown steadily, with market share rising by 2,022q1 securities receiving $1.956 billion, a 31.39 per cent increase in the same year and a 61.2 per cent increase in total operating income, or 2.47 pp higher than at the end of the previous year. Companies have achieved fees and commissions of 1,350 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
By 28.93 per cent, taking into account that the net revenue from fees and commissions is mainly from securities brokerage, the rate of growth is much higher than the rate of growth in the industry equity base, with a further increase in the company market share expected. 2022q1, the cumulative value of the stock base in the deep two municipalities amounts to 6334 trillion yuan, and the average stock base in the day.
The Fund's operating income was significantly reduced, the Fund's operating income was affected by market fluctuations, the Fund's operating income was significantly reduced, and corporate fund operations were under pressure. As of 2022q1, the market-wide share of newly established funds was 2,46.86 billion, a 76.38 per cent decrease compared to the same period; the share of equity-based funds was distributed
At the end of 2021, the company achieved sales of $2.24 trillion, of which non-monetary fund sales amounted to 3.147 million active users per day, of which 3.9481 million active users per day and 155.12 million non-transaction days per day were active users.
The company’s Internet service platform, with the Eastern Wealth Network at its core, has a large, sticky number of users. Clients have a significant advantage.
16 billion yuan is a continuous expansion of the enabling business. With the impact of the decline in the share of new funds issued, we have modestly reduced the growth in corporate performance, but the population's asset allocation has been restructured, financial assets, equity assets have increased, equity markets have continued to grow, and wealth management is still evidence.
We keep an eye on the future of the company, keeping the “recommended” rating in conjunction with the firm's fundamentals and stock price elasticity, and I promise to present this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration is overrated.
It has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.