The third quarterly report meets expectations, and the company has taken the initiative to respond to changes in the industry. The company's three-quarter performance in the last three quarters of the year was $4,456 million in operating income, an increase of 25.87 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the net return on repatriation was $617 million, an increase of 11.99 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the basic per share return was 0.85 yuan, the same year as in the previous year.
In the third quarter, the operating income was 1,381 million yuan, or 14.74 per cent more than in the same period the previous year; the net return on maternity as a whole was expected, and some of the growth in business was slowed by the impact of the industry. In terms of operating income, the income for the first three quarters was 4.46 billion and for Fordonna 560 million, and the revenue for the Ministry was about $3.9 billion, an increase of 10 per cent in the same calibre.
In terms of operations, the single-digit increase in earnings from shock relief and interior operations, influenced by the industry’s recession, was faster than last year. Fortuna’s early guidelines were 900 million dollars a year, and are now downgraded to 750 million, one of which is industry-specific, and the second is that the company has made proactive client adjustments and, for some clients with poor capacity to pay, the company has taken the initiative.
Multiple factors contributed to a three-quarter recovery in the Māori rate, and increased development of new products led to an increase in R&D costs. The company’s three-quarter Māori rate was 27.92%, and the ring increased by 0.97 ptt. The improvement in Māori rate is mainly due to the following factors:
Client price reductions occur in the first quarter, and companies require suppliers to lower prices and implement them in the third quarter, which has a clear impact on the increase in the Māori rate.
The firm has taken the initiative to slow down the pace of building capacity, as the industry has fallen. The capital of the company's budget at the beginning of the year was $2.2 billion, and by the end of the third quarter it had only invested 1 billion. In Ningpo Kitakura, Hangzhou Bay, Wuhan, Zhe.
There are integrated production bases in Jiangping Lake, and single production bases in smoke stations, galleries, Jin-jung, Bo-Chung, etc. As production capacity and equipment are slowing down, construction work is increasing and delays are being delayed. nvh regulates the core clients of the automobile industry and actively develops new customers and new businesses.
The main ones include Gilly, Upper Steam General, North American General, Ford, Upper Steam, and so on. Gillier accounts for 40%, Upper Steam is 13-14%, North America is about 5%, Ford is about 3%, and Upper Steam is about 5%.
The company actively develops new customers to reduce its dependence on customers such as guilds, commons, etc. Covers front-line new energy car brand customers, supporting a more rapid development of light-quantified business. Light-quantified business is one of the major growth points for the Division in the future.
The Light Quantified Control Arm project is entering the harvest period, mastering three core technologies and integrating the industrial chain; Light Quantified Quantified Quantities project is capable of producing and processing high-intensity, high-precision products. Light Quantities currently cover customers such as Tesla, Biadi, Volvo.
Model3 capacity rises and company sales revenue to Tesla is expected to rise rapidly; Bialdi's first three quarters of Gond, the Broaden Hessen - Auto-Top Group control, offsets some of the Māori impact
Tupou Group (601689) Quarterly Review