Topper Group, with steady growth in the growth of products and capacity expansion for long-term development, the company issued a tri-quarter report in 2018, generating operating revenue of $4.46 billion in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase.
25.9%; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $620 million, an increase of 12.0%; net profit earned by shareholders in listed companies, $180 million, an increase of 9.9%, a decline in industry performance slightly lower than we expected.
In addition, companies have continued to expand in areas such as product lines and productive capacity for good long-term development, with a slight decline in the Māori rate and steady growth in performance. The growth in sale of Quills, upper steam, etc., has led to an increase in acillary products, coupled with an increase in Fortuna, which has contributed to a 25.9% increase in corporate income in the previous three quarters, from raw materials.
The impact of factors such as labour costs, lower prices for products, and the Fodonna cumulation, the Māori rate decreased by 1.3 percentage points compared to the same period last year. The sales rate fell by 0.5 percentage points compared to the previous year; the R&D input increased by 31.6 per cent and the management cost increased by 0.2 percentage points.
In the first three quarters, net profit increased by 12.0% and net profit decreased by 1.7 percentage points. Of this, q3 achieved income of $1.38 billion, a slower growth than in the previous quarter, management costs increased by 34.7%, and the Māori rate and net interest rates were equal to the same increase, resulting in a net gain.
In the area of the bottom plate, the company completed its merger and purchase of the Fordona chassis at the end of 2017, and invested in the development of light-quantified products, including control arms, battery bags, and large bodies.
Structures, turnovers, light-quantified chassis, and so on. In automobiles, electronic vacuum pump product revenues are growing rapidly, and systems such as company layout smart brakes, smart transitions, etc., have high vehicle value and are expected to produce in and around 2019. Product lines are expanding rapidly, and development prospects are promising.
The company has now established manufacturing bases in several locations, including Ningbo, the Hangzhou Bay project and the Wuhan project, which are in the pilot phase of production. In addition, the Xiang and Xian projects are moving ahead in an orderly manner, using market prices as a standard on October 23, 2018.
The continued expansion of production capacity provides a solid basis for companies to grow in the future.
TOP Group – A little below expectations, a little bit ahead of schedule Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.