In the semi-annual review, the merchant snakes (stock code: 001979) return to the mother a net profit of 1,448 million yuan, an increase of 2.18 per cent over the same period.
Hu Hsiao-woo observed that the cost of company sales and management costs were 2.18 per cent and 1.58 per cent, respectively, and that the company maintained a strong position in the core cities over the same period last year, with 70 per cent of the performance of the core 10 cities, up from 70 per cent.
4 pc. The company continues to build up its business base, and in the process of decolonizing, the company increased the value of the items it held in the first half of the year by 6 pct and the value of the items it started in the first half by 4 pct. Investment focus centres: 16 additional plots of land were added in the first half of the year 2025, amounting to 1.67 million floors.
In the first half of the year, the company added 41 sub-generation projects, with an additional 4.82 million sub-continental areas, to the cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Xuzhou and Fushan.
Financial soundness: tight leverage of debt. By the end of the first half of 2025, the company removed pre-collected assets, increased its operating property loans, raised its debt for a long period. In the first half of 2025, the company went on business loans.
At the end of the first half of the year, corporate monetary funds totalled $87,764 million, with a short cash debt of 1.3.
2. [Galactic Real Estate] Company Review - Development of Business Focus Core, Assets Multi-Purpose Asset Operating Synergy: In the first half of 2025, corporate full-calibre operating revenue increased by $3.66 billion.
3. [Galactic Real Estate] Company Review _ Small increase in operating income, Māori 13 Māori entry projects, corresponding to 720,000 business areas, including apartments, centralized businesses, industrial parks and hotels 3-quarter reviews in 2024 affecting net profit vendors.
The company makes use of a multi-dimensional synergy, the top half of the young asset management area is about 180,000, the 4. [Galactic Realty] company points out a steady growth in asset operations, and the investment export projects are located in Shanghai, Hangzhou, Tinless. 1) Centralized business, with the company running 50 projects.
The focus is on the central city, the semi-annual review of the commercial snakes in 2024, with a total operating capital of 3.09 million, operating income of 940 million yuan in the first half of 2025, a rental rate of 91 per cent for three years and above, and a total operating capital of about 2.06 million in the construction and preparation of projects.
In the first half of the year, there were two small assets management projects in Hangzhou, no tin, and three apartments.
In business, the company has opened up about 1.64 million projects, with a total of over 40,000 houses. In 2025, it achieved operating revenues of $60 billion and $510 million, respectively.
Leveraging, keeping cash in hand, is a reasonable level of adequacy. Based on the company’s performance in the first half of the year, we predict the risk of a fall in the company, the risk of a failure to return the funds, the risk of a failure to pay the debt, the risk of a failure to pay the debt, the business.
This report was made available to its customers by the China Galaxy Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.