The fall in costs and the increase in production helped the company to reverse the gains and losses.
24,284 million yuan, an increase of 11.96 per cent over the previous year; net return profit of 495 million yuan.
2. Our analysis and judgment that (i) production increases are accompanied by lower costs that drive performance growth
During the reporting period, the Shao-Tung, Kuang Qing Hydroluminium Phase I and thorium source carbon Phase II projects were successfully launched, creating a new profit growth point; Yunnan's new aluminium alloys project, which produces 150,000 tons of aluminium per year, became operational and expanded the company's industrial chain.
The company ' s output continued to rise in 2019, with original aluminium, aluminium oxide, aluminium alloys and aluminium processing (cost end) prices of $2699.00 and $3196.27 per ton in 2019, respectively, taxed.
(ii) Good financial position, with impairment of assets affecting performance
The cash flow of the company is expected to improve as construction is under way at the end of the month, but during the reporting period, the public administration lost $328 million in impairment of assets due to the stagnation of some of the company ' s production and construction projects, which has had an impact on the company ' s performance.
(iii) The market for electrolytic aluminium was under pressure from stocks, which had been reduced in 2019, but which had been affected by the epidemic in early 2020, with an imbalance in stocks, which had now increased from 58.3 million tons at the beginning of the year to 164.10 million tons at present.
In 2020, the national electrolytic aluminium industry continued to decline, with an average of $1437.68 per ton. In the current state of overall losses in the electrolytic aluminium industry, the industry invested new production capacity.
Or it will be limited to driving the industry to stock once the demand for the aluminium industry is warming, once the base of the infrastructure is finished, the real estate is restored, and it is expected that the aluminium price will rebound. Currently, electrolytic aluminium will be under pressure, product prices may remain low for a certain period of time, and stock companies will go through the future.
However, the company has a more complete aluminium chain and has a stronger advantage in expanding its capacity. Overall (2) The price of electrolytic aluminium is not as high as expected.