The depth of power shares (002463), the technology card edge is clear, and the arithmetic product is in harvest, Robbin.
Farming in the pcb area has been used for many years for high-end products. For many years, companies have been working on the development, production and sale of printed circuit boards, mainly in high-end areas such as communications equipment, data centre infrastructure, car electronics, and the main layouts of the production capacity are in the Qingjiang factory, Quantico electric power, Yellowstone I/II plant, etc.
Thailand’s plants, etc.. The strong demand for data centre infrastructure, such as a server, switch, etc., was driven by a sustained increase in demand for high multi-layered, hdi and other products, with the company’s operating income reaching $13.42 billion in 2024, representing an increase of 49.26% in comparison with the net profit of the mother, the net loss of the parent.
Chen Wei-gwang continued to show a high performance in the first half of the year, and in median, h1 was a net profit for the mother, a net profit for the deduction, and a clear advantage of the technology card, actively expanding the high-end capacity. Scalinglaw went from pre-training to pre-training.
After training, the reasoning phase, the accumulation of applications such as agent, physics, etc., is widespread, and the need for arithmetic still continues to grow, with the main data (up to 2025/8/4). The process of commercialization of the technology giant, both within and outside the country, has accelerated, and capital spending has remained high.
With the elimination of the i-proliferation rule, the accelerated release of sovereign a-needs provides a strong boost to the arithmetic infrastructure. It is also expected that the hdi demand will be further released.
The more drills/copper plating/pressure processes, the more demanding they are for production processes and technologies, the more energy they consume, the greater the value of their products.
The product performance continues to improve, and the volume of output is expected to grow rapidly. Asic server pcb is customized to be higher, to meet the requirements of high-speed transmission, high reliability, heat evaporation, etc., with greater demand for multilayers, and high-level, high-manufacturing, high-manufacturing, high-manufacturing, and higher-value copper-plating material.
The external data centre switch has been upgraded at an accelerated rate, from 100g to 400g to 800g, with higher requirements for specifications for pcb layer numbers/materials/processes, etc. The value will also increase. With a pre-positioning field, the company gradually reached the harvest period, with revenues from the corporate communications market in 2024.
Of the 10,093 million yuan, a significant increase of 71.94 per cent in the same year, the share of income from the i server and hpc-related pcb was about 29.48 per cent, an increase of 8.35 percentage points in the same year, and the share of income from the high-speed network switchboard and its fittings from the relevant pcb was about 38.56 per cent.
In order to meet clients’ demand for high-end pcb, the company promotes the expansion of production capacity, including new projects, such as technology adaptations and new projects.
Electricity and intelligence drive cars at a flat price of pcb. With respect to electricization, new power-driven vehicles have been added, with pcb measuring 5-8 m2 per vehicle compared to 0.6-1 for conventional fuel vehicles.
Significant increase in square metres/vehicles: at the same time, higher technical requirements and higher values are placed on pcb in terms of high voltage, electrical performance, materials, heat radiance, availability, etc. In terms of intelligence, cabins, large screens, multiple screens are trending, voice interactions/car networking/ota functions are gradually marked, pcb is used
A significant upgrade, and a more compact line density and a narrower line range in the smart cabin, is expected to drive higher demand for high-value pcb, such as hdi. And, with higher autopilot penetration, the number of sensors on board will increase significantly, not only by pulling the pcb area, but also by increasing it.
Demand for hdiboards. The company continued to contract electric and intelligently, and in 2024 it collected 2408 million yuan, an increase of 11.58 per cent in comparison with the previous year, of which millimetre wave radars, help with the use of hdi autopilots, and smart space controllers, ceramics, thick copper, p2packs, etc.
The field grew steadily, rising from 25.96% in 2023 to 37.68% of the motor panel collection. With a better business, the motorboard business is expected to improve further.
Pcb products are on the harvest, with high performance growth and close relations with major clients. The next generation of gpu/xpu computing platforms and multi-high-speed network exchange products are stored, and the technology card position is clear. In order to meet clients’ demand for high-end pcb, the company adapts and builds new items.
In the case of motor panels, the firm's deep-farming, electric and intelligent direction, the share of income from new and emerging products continues to grow and, with the success of the pcb field, the product is used at the higher end for many years.
Farming pcb has been in the field for many years, and products have been used mainly in high-end areas. The company was established in Jiangsu-kun in 1992 and has been working for many years on the development, production and marketing of printed circuit boards, mainly in high-end areas such as communications equipment, data centre infrastructure, motor vehicle electronics, etc. In 2024, the share of corporate communications market boards in corporate income reached 75.65 per cent, which has been constant for many years.
The company’s main plant areas include Qingjiang plants, Quantico, Yellowstone I/II plants, Thai plants, etc. The Qingjiang plant is mainly responsible for the production of high-end products in the area of corporate communications; Quantico is mainly used in the production of high-end products in the area of automobiles; Yellowstone I is dominated by medium- and low-end enterprise communications products, while Yellowstone II is dominated by medium- and low-level automobile products.
With regard to Thai factories, in June 2022, the company announced that it would invest in new production bases in Thailand, and that Thailand’s plants are now producing small quantities, customer certification and product importation are starting at an accelerated pace, and the production capacity of medium- and high-end products is expected to continue to be released. In addition, the company’s leading expert is engaged in the design and manufacture of chip embedded sealed circuit boards.
In 2024, the company broke the $10 billion threshold, reaching $13,342 million, a significant increase of 49.26 per cent compared to 2024, driven mainly by strong demand for data centre infrastructure, such as one server, switchboard, etc.
Inflows reached $10,93 million, representing a significant increase of 71.94 per cent in the same year, a rapid increase in pcb products, such as i servers and hpc, high-speed network switches and their accessories, and a steady increase of 11.58 per cent in motor panels. On the profit side, the company returns 25,87 and 2,546 million yuan in net profits, respectively, throughout the year.
q1 performance continued to increase, q2 forecasted to be impressive. The company's revenues in the first quarter of this year were $4,038 million, a 56.25 per cent increase compared to the previous quarter; net profit for the parent, net profit for the deduction of the parent, and $745 million for the return, respectively, increased by the same amount.
On July 10, the company released its annual performance forecast for 2025, with a single quarter net profit of about 938 million yuan in median terms, an increase of 49.84 per cent over the same period, 23.10 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of about 915 million yuan over the same period, an increase of 48.78 per cent over the same period, an increase of 22.82 per cent over the same period, and a high rate of growth over the same period.
The annual net interest rate of the company was 19.24%, an increase of 2.58 percentage points in the same year. The advantage of the technology card was evident in the cost side, where the ari arithmetic product scalinglaw was extended from pre-training to post-training and reasoning.
Model manufacturers have begun to focus on innovations based on intensive learning, thinking chains, etc., and have invested more in subsequent training, reasoning, and further in-depth thinking of large models.
Token consumption is driven by reasoning. As model performance increases and in-depth thinking models are rolled out, model applications at endb and end c accelerate further, leading to a significant increase in token consumption.
The need for extrapolation will erupt further in the future with widespread application in the fields of agent, physics, and so on. The Young In-hoon, Wethodox, said at the 2025 gtc conference that, with the emergence of the agenticai and the reflection model, the calculator is now 100 times greater than last year’s predictions.
Figure 11: Number of tokens treated by Google Month averaged, Figure 12: Doudous-Book Models averaged number of tokens processed daily, with large domestic and foreign capital spending rising. On overseas, recent technology giants such as Google, Microsoft, Meta, Amazon have continued to grow.
In terms of capital spending, the q2 capital expenditure of the four big q2 was about $95 billion, a significant 67 per cent increase over the year, mainly in cloud computing, ai, etc. In the outlook for subsequent capital spending, the four big players were very active.
Capital expenditure exceeded $30 billion, with annualized processing expected to reach $120 billion; meta again increased capital expenditure annually; Amazon indicated that q2 capital expenditure represented the second half of the year and was expected to be close to $120 billion a year.
In February, Ali announced that it would invest more than RMB 380 billion between 2025 and 2027 to build the cloud and the ai hardware infrastructure, totalling more than the sum of the last decade.
With the elimination of the i proliferation rule, the need for the sovereignty – the need for the sovereignty – will blow up even further. On the Middle East, Humain, under the Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund, entered into a $15 billion cooperation agreement with Yveida and amd in May, of which Yveida will sell hundreds of thousands of ai chips to Saudi Arabia in the next five years, with the initial deployment of 18,000.
In addition to preparing more than 20 ai super-plants in Europe, and working with local firms in France, the United Kingdom, Germany, etc., and deploying multiple blackwell chips. In addition, at the Fy26q1 performance statement, British Weida noted that several countries, such as Sweden, Japan, and South Korea, are building national artificial intelligence plants.
The performance of the data centre was slightly higher than that of the market; the non-gaap Māori rate was 61 per cent, and if the impact of h20 was eliminated, the Māori rate would be 71.3 per cent.
This quarter, blackwell contributed nearly 70% of the data centre ' s operating income, hopper to blackwell ' s product transition base, completed, while server racks are accelerating out as manufacturing improves, with supercsp deploying an average of nearly 1,000 Nvl72 aircraft per week, with expected further output. The company has now supplied gb300 samples to major csps.
Using the same architecture, physical dimensions, electrical and mechanical specifications as gb200, we expect that the next new product will be scaled up quickly with the experience of the previous generation. Foreground q2, British Weida is expected to collect $45 billion, floating up and down.
The plant’s recent year-on-month harvests have increased, benefiting mainly from the increased speed of delivery of the gb200 server. Honghai’s performance in q1 indicated strong downstream demand for the ai and the general server, with company qi servers growing by more than 50% on a year-on-year basis, and an accelerated product production slope, with q2ai servers expected to double their revenue and ring ratios and move better on a seasonal basis.
Diigitimes predicts that this year the global volume is expected to reach 1,811,000 servers, an increase of 26.29 per cent over the same year, with more than 40 per cent of the 1,088,000 high-level ones carrying hbm. With regard to market size, idc is expected to grow to $158.7 billion this year, an increase of 26.86 per cent over the same year.
Hdi needs are expected to blow up wells, with a significant increase in value. Compared to the traditional pcb perforation, hdi has inter-layer connections mainly in the form of holes and blind holes, which release more space for wiring, while also meeting the high frequency speed, high stability, and reliability requirements of the ai server. Depending on the level of additions, i.e., the subsurface processing process in the production process.
hdi can be divided into first-order, second-order hdi, arbitrary hdi, etc. Figure 23: hdi process figure 22: hdi product chart
Hole board, first step hdi (1+n+1) "n" means number of holes; "1" means first step hdi
It's done through mechanical drilling through all levels, with one more pressure and one more laser outside the entombed, blinding.
2nd Platoon (2+n+2) Any interconnected hdiboard (anylayer) "n" means number of holes: "2" means 2nd Platoon
At all levels, interconnectivity between layers is achieved through laser blindness processing, with one additional laser sub-tonon blindness processing for each pressure alignment.
There are currently two main types of i-server mainstream programs, one of which is similar to the traditional i-server pattern, such as the British Weida dgx plane, which consists of 18 components, such as computetray, and 9 switchtray.
The main new gpu module, including acceleration of the Kaoam and module ubb, pcb with a corresponding increase in the area. At the same time, the high demand for high-frequency high-speed signal transmission, integration, heat radiation etc. will increase the demand for high multilayers, hdi.
Layer design. In system-level cabinets, for example, gb200nvl72, the computetery upgrades to superchip to carry modules such as gpu, cpu, mainly high hdi design, and the switchtray primarily assumes interconnectivity, possibly with hdi or high multilayer design. As gb300 uses the same architecture, physical dimensions, electrical and mechanical specifications as gb200,
It is expected that the pcb design of gb200 will be followed, and hdi’s demand is expected to be released further. The higher the order in value, the higher the number of drills, copper plating, pressurization, etc., e.g., more than 200 rows of 5-step hdi process, high demands on production processes and technology, and high consumption of production capacity, the higher the value.
The Hdi unit price for phase I and phase II of the project for the expansion of high-end printed circuit boards with artificial intelligence chips is $167 and $164,000 per square metre, respectively. Csp is actively self-researching the asic server overseas, requiring further upgrades to pcb. Asic is the algorithmic field for specific applications or algorithms.
Designed custom chips have the advantage of higher computing efficiency and inefficiency, which are suitable for large-scale production and applications with high computing and energy efficiency requirements. In recent years, overseas cloud computing firms such as Amazon, Google, Meta have increased their efforts to develop and apply asic chips in addition to procuring British Wedgpu, with continued improvement in product performance and a promising scale of delivery.
Rapid growth. Among them, Amazonia trained the chip trainium2 more quickly than H100, with a 30-40% increase in value, with a new generation of trainium3 expected to be produced by the end of the year, with a two-fold increase in performance and a 40% increase in energy efficiency compared to the previous generation.
This year’s delivery is expected to reach 1 million of the 80-90 million items in the previous period. Asic servers have higher customization requirements, high-speed transmissions, high reliability, heat evaporation, and higher demand for multilayers, as well as high-grade requirements, high-manufacturing, high-manufacturing, and higher value.
The increase in the number of gpucards and the increase in inter-cam data communications has placed higher demands on the bandwidth of the network, and the 800g and higher speed switches are expected to be deployed on a large scale. Dell'oroggroup anticipates a rate of over 4006 data centre exchange ports for 2025.
More than 25% of the port. Switches are upgraded from 100g, 400g to 800g, with higher requirements for pcb layers, materials, processes, etc., and the value will be further increased. 400ggbpsvs.800gbpsportships
The volume delivery of products such as 400g switchboards, hpc etc. has been achieved by year, and the products for the 800g switch in 2022 have been delivered in small batches, the products for accelerated modules such as gpu, oam, fpga, and the products for ubb, baseboard have been delivered in bulk.
High-end pcb demand is further released by the high-speed switch. With the technology and product layout of the front in the ai field, the company is gradually gaining harvest time, and in 2024 the corporate communications market generated revenues of $10,093 million, a significant increase of 71.94% over the previous year, of which the income of the i server and the hpc-related pcb was about 29.48%, up from 2023.
8.35 percentage points for high-speed network switches and their accompanying pcb revenues are about 38.56%. In the new generation of product layouts, companies maintain close cooperation with major customers, in terms of computing products, in conjunction with clients, in the development of the next generation of Gpu platform products and computing platform products such as Xpu; and in terms of network exchange products.
The company developed 224gbps in collaboration with its clients, and the npo and cpo architecture switch is being developed on a continuous basis with its clients, with a clear technology card advantage.
In October 2024, the company announced the creation of a new artificial intelligence at the pre-reserved site in Kunshan. The high-end print circuit board extension project, with a total investment of approximately $4.3 billion, is planned to produce about 290,000 square metres per year.
The first phase of the implementation, in two phases, foresees the addition of about $3 billion a year, net annual profits, and the conclusion of two cooperation agreements between the company and Yellowstone City on 5 July, one with the construction of a one server line, and the other with a total investment of $4 billion in a framework agreement.
3. Electricization and intelligence drive cars at a flat price of pcb, an increase of 26.08% compared to the previous year. Of these, we are the largest marketer of new energy vehicles, with 12.87 million in 2024.
As electricization becomes the main direction for automobiles, it is expected that the volume and penetration of new energy vehicles will continue to rise, further boosting the use of pcb. In traditional cars, pcb is used mainly in the areas of power control, security control systems, motor electronics, and entertainment communications.
New power-driven systems have been added to conventional vehicles, whether electric or hybrid. In the area of pcb use, conventional fuel vehicles have used 0.6-1 m2/car, high-end vehicles have used 2-3 m2/car, while new energy vehicles have reached 5-8 m2/car, and unique power control systems have made the vehicle pcb more useful.
In terms of value, electric cars impose more stringent technical requirements on pcb in terms of high voltage, electrical performance, materials, heat radiation, reliability, etc. The value of the pcb in Te Slamodel3 is more than $2,500, 6.25 times higher than the value of the normal fuel truck, according to the Tslamodel study.
Figure 33: Demand for traditional car pcb products Auto-intelligent use increases the pcb use and further increases its value. In smart cabins, with the rapid turnover of hardware and software technology such as car chips, humans, interactives, car systems, etc., the cabins begin to fully enter the intelligent phase and are in control.
Large screens, multiple screens are gradually becoming trending, with voice interactions, car connections, ota, etc., which, according to the GDR data, have reached 75.6% penetration in the domestic smart cabin as of December 2024, will increase the use of pcb significantly; at the same time, the smart cabin will require a higher pcb line density, a narrower line width for pcb.
Higher requirements for design and manufacturing processes are expected to further drive higher demand for high-value pcb, such as hdi.
The speed with which smart cabins are spread, with penetration rates exceeding 70 per cent in 2024. Between 2023 and 2024, there was a steady increase in the penetration rate of the domestic smart cabins, which in December 2024 had a similar penetration rate of more than 2 million units, reaching 75.6 per cent.
Infiltration rate of the national smart cabin in passenger vehicles (tagged) Non-intelligent cabin - smart cabin penetration rate
In terms of autopilots, according to the Gazeta Automobile data, the penetration rate of cars in the country in 2024 was 48 per cent, up 8 percentage points from 2023. With the higher autopilot penetration rate, the number of vehicle-borne sensors has increased.
The significant increase in the number of sensors will, on the one hand, lead to an increase in the use of pcb, and, on the other hand, an increase in the use of hdi plates in autopilot systems, where the cost of laser radar hdi can be up to tens of dollars (data source: Trendforce) and the value of pcb is expected to increase significantly.
Figure 35: China ' s autopilot vehicle penetration rate is expected to exceed 90 per cent for vehicles of class 2 and above in 2030, and more than 24 million vehicles are expected to have noa functionality, which is expected to reach less than 100,000 vehicles in 2030, as consumers focus on auxiliary driving functions and increase their willingness to pay and noa function detects less than 100,000 vehicles in 2030.
The market penetration rate for smart cars above level I2 will be over 90%, and noa will pass the 24 million vehicle loads: the number of vehicle sensors required for autopilots at all levels, and the share of emerging board products will increase further. The company achieved operating revenues of 2,408 million yuan in 2024, the same amount.
Growth of 11.58 per cent maintained robust growth, with millimetre wave radars, the introduction of hdi autopilot aids, and smart cabin area controllers, ceramics, thick copper, p2pack, among other emerging carboard products growing steadily, accounting for about 25.96 per cent of the company ' s motor board ' s operating income from 2023 to approximately 37.68 per cent.
Continue to plow electric and intellectual direction. In smart driving, higher-value hardware structures pose a number of challenges to pcb. The company invests resources in technology projects such as more reliable materials, fine lines, plating capabilities with higher depths, higher-class hdi capabilities, smaller lasers.
Aperture processing capacity, higher alignment, etc.; bulk import of low-pressure chip technology has been achieved for electrodynamicization, while major reverse transformer circuit boards embedded in high-pressure carbonated silicon chips have been developed in collaboration with domestic and foreign head companies.
Pcb, using p2pack technology, can be used for hybrid power, pure electric car-driven systems, with multiple advantages such as increasing the power density and radiating efficiency of the system, reducing the cost of the system and increasing the reliability of the system.
Resource management and business performance have improved significantly, with a significant increase in business income and a significant reduction in losses. The outlook will be followed by a sharp expansion of the market for small-scale mixed-power 48v p2pack products, the promotion of the application of p2pack technology in cutting-edge areas such as pure electric motor drive systems, and the acceleration of the commercialization of technology through companies in the area of automobile applications.
By leveraging technological capabilities and making full use of existing plant and production facilities, the company seeks to achieve a reversal in 2025 by expanding its ability to process products in the lead area of hdi, such as car domain controllers, with a gradient to effectively improve output.
Figure 39: Winnie's business performance in recent years. With a forward-looking approach in the ai field, the company's pcb product for the ai server, the high-speed switcher will be harvested, the performance will grow at a high rate, and the next generation of the gpu/xpu computing platform will be stored in close cooperation with major clients.
In order to meet clients’ demand for high-end pcb, companies are expected to benefit fully from a wave of productivity expansion through technological changes, new projects, etc. With regard to motor panels, companies are working deep, electric and intelligently, and the income share of new and emerging products continues to increase, and cars are improving as they get better.
Downstream demand is less than expected: company products are mainly used in the domain of communications equipment, data centre infrastructure, automobile electronics, etc., if downstream application needs are less than anticipated, or will affect the volume of pcb shipments, thereby affecting company performance; Technology advances are less advanced than expected: the ai computing area is developing faster and the products are updated faster, if the company has relevant technology, etc.
(b) Increased industry competition: several pcb manufacturers have actively moved into the arithmetical field in recent years if the company has successfully entered the customer supply chain and delivered in bulk, or has had an impact on the company's share;
Raw materials are higher than expected: raw materials required for pcb production include materials such as coatings, semi-solidated tablets, bronze balls, copper beams, etc. Raw materials account for a larger share of operating costs. If raw materials prices rise more than expected, they may affect company performance and profitability.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.