The company's profits are expected to increase significantly in the future.
▪ The company issues annual reports and announcements on shares and tradable purchases of assets: in 2018, the company issued a report on the realization of revenue of $5.375 billion, an increase of 31.03 per cent over the same period; realized a net profit of $1.006 billion attributable to shareholders of listed companies, an increase of 52.05 per cent over the same period; achieved a deduction of shareholder belonging to listed companies
At that time, the company was planning to buy its holdings of gold from the Golden Sea, the Lim Temple Sea through the issuance of shares and convertible bonds, the rapid growth of growth hormones, the breakthrough of the vaccine plate, and the rapid growth of the company’s main business: in 2018, the subsidiary gold racing medicine industry continued to grow at a rapid rate, largely thanks to growth hormones.
Rapid growth. The reasons for the rapid growth of growth hormones are, in our view, mainly one: 1) demand side -- rising consumption leads to growth hormones and a significant increase in the number of new paediatric conditions, which boosts the growth of corporate performance.
The outflow leads to an increase in the sales of pharmacies; 2) supply end – companies increase their academic outreach, market marketing expands multiple channels, and increase the penetration of growth hormones. As companies sink further, and the sales force expands, we expect that the gold market will earn more than 50% of the proceeds.
35.4%, with the completion of the restructuring of the gold-spills industry and the continued expansion of income levels, we believe that there is still room for a rise in profit margins, as well as a high rate of growth in the 100-gram vaccine plate, in which the vaccine has been issued throughout the year.
Now 6.51 million, an increase of 33.4% compared with 4.88 million in 2017, are the core products of 100 grams of bio-growth. The market for chickenpox vaccines is relatively concentrated, but with the retirement of long-lived organisms and pox vaccines, 100 grams of organisms have the capacity to take a further share of the market, in 2018.
On the net profit side, 100 grams of organisms have increased their net profit rates by increasing the scale of sales revenue and improving the sale of rabies vaccine, leading to a rapid increase in net profits from 2017.
Hormonal exposure, good vaccine plates, company turnover, 30% return to head office in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, and further growth in 2019.
Corporate performance: The current program for the purchase of 30% of minority shareholders in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry has come out, and if the performance of listed companies in 2019 is calculated on a year-round basis for the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry in 2019, the profit forecast and investment rating will be: without taking into account the 30% share in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, we are on a schedule.
The company released its 2018 report: revenue of $5.375 billion, an increase of 31.03 per cent in the same year; net profit of $1.006 billion, an increase of 52.05 per cent in the same year, attributable to public sector shareholders in the listed company; and non-recurrent deductions for shareholders in listed companies.
At the same time, the company issues a public announcement that it intends to issue shares and convertable bonds for 30% of its holdings in the gold industry. At the same time, Changchun is proposing to issue non-public or convertable shares to no more than ten eligible selected investors, with an initial transfer price of $174.49 for the share issue price and convertable bonds.
Our point is that growth hormones continue to grow fast, and the gold-track pharmaceutical industry returns to the future and shows a strong performance of the company. The growth of the company in the future can be expected to be 2.1. Growth hormones are growing fast, vaccine plates are breaking, and the company’s main business is growing fast.
1) The Golden Race Pharmacy industry continued to see its performance, income grew by 53.36 per cent, and profits increased by 65.08 per cent.In 2018, the subsidiary Golden Race Pharmaceuticals continued to grow at a rapid rate: 3,196 million yuan a year, an increase of 53.36 per cent a year; net profit of 1,132 million yuan, an increase of 65.08 per cent a year.
The reasons for the rapid growth of growth hormones are, in our view, mainly: 1) demand-side – rising consumption leads to growth hormones and a significant increase in the number of new paediatric infections, contributing to the growth of companies’ performance. The growth hormones sink into the grass-roots market as the policy of grade-based diagnostics moves forward, while the outflow of prescriptions leads to an increase in the sales of pharmacies; 2)
The new product’s long-acting growth hormone is a priority product for the company’s future marketing, contributing to the increase in profits that began in 2018. As the company’s further channels sink and the sales force expand, we expect the gold-track pharmaceutical industry’s revenues to remain above 50%.
In the process of high income growth, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry continued to improve its efficiency, with net profit rates rising from 32.9 per cent in 2017 to 35.4 per cent in 2018, and with the return of the entire stockholding of the Golden Race Medicines industry to the spring spring and the continued expansion of its income volume, we believe that the net profit level of the Golden Race Medicines industry still has the potential to increase and provide a stronger performance for the company.
2) The vaccine has become a 100-gram biolight, driving income growth of 40.30% and profit growth of 62.97%. 100-gram vaccine plate-subsidized organisms have also achieved a high rate of growth of 1,032 million yuan, or 40.30%, in 2018, and a net profit of 204 million yuan, or 62.97%.
The year-round release of seedlings has reached 6.51 million, an increase of 33.4% compared to 4.88 million in 2017, which is the core product of 100 grams of biological growth. The market for chickenpox vaccines is relatively concentrated, but, with the retirement of long-lived biopox vaccines, 100 grams of life has the capacity to take a further market share, rising from 36% in 2018.
They expect that, with the gradual introduction of the “one shot” vaccine and the market openings created by the retirement of long-lived biological products throughout the country, the company, as the leader of the vaccine, will continue to grow by more than 30% in 2019. In terms of net profit margins, 100 grams of organisms will increase the scale effect of sales revenue, as well as the sale of rabies vaccine.
The improvement led to a rapid increase in the net profit rate of companies, from 17.1 per cent in 2017 to 19.8 per cent in 2018. 2.2. Stock exchange programmes were introduced, 30 per cent of the core assets of the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry returned to listed companies, significant increases were made in the gold race medicine industry, which has been the most important asset in the spring and the spring, and 70 per cent of the stock structure of the listed companies, the gold race.
The general manager of the pharmaceutical industry, Mr. Kim Yong, holds a 24% share and Mr. Lin Templehai 6% share. This swap scheme will allow the company to purchase 30% of the minority shareholders in the pharmaceutical industry, including shares and convertable bonds, thus reaching 100% of the holding capital: map of the stock structure of the pharmaceutical industry.
The primary product of the Golden Race drug industry is regenerative growth hormones applied in the field of growth and development of children, which, through long-term research and development and accumulation of business, have a leading role in technology and research and are awarded the National Science and Technology Progress Second Prize in 2015. Thanks to rising consumption and academic outreach, the demand for growth hormones has been on the rise in recent years, 2018.
With the introduction of long-acting growth hormones and the downfall of channels and marketing, a 30% minority shareholder equity programme has been put in place to increase the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate if the efficiency of the 2019s increases steadily.
In 2018, the company ' s core subsidiary, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals and 100-gram biology, both rapidly increased in terms of product sales and production, and its scale effects were shown, driving the net profit rate of the core subsidiary to increase by 2.5 per cent and 2.7 per cent, respectively, and directly contributing to the rapid increase in the Māori and net profit rates of the company ' s consolidated statements. In 2018, the company ' s Māori ratio rose from 81.94 per cent in 2017.
In the Māori divide, we believe that the governance structure is smoother and has a scale effect as the equity structure of the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry is complete.
The net profit level of the company continues to show that there is room for upswing. Irrigation is driven by factors that can sustain high growth and contribute to the company’s profits: 100 grams of organisms are gradually returning to domestic sales after the “vaccine incident” and, once the bioproducer process has been adjusted, it is hoped that they will be able to get out of the loss and contribute to the company.
As a result, we maintain a “buy-in” rating. Industry changes risk, product promotion sales are not as expected.