The company's announcement is planning to raise the company's core value by issuing shares, targeted convertable bonds and cash payments.
The deal is expected to constitute a major asset reorganization, which will be closed from the start of the market on 25 February 2019 and is expected to last no more than five trading days.
The parties agree that the final transaction price of the subject asset shall be determined by consultation between the parties, on the basis of an assessment issued by the assessing body and filed by the authorized State capital sector, and shall determine the value of the shares, the amount of the targeted convertable bond, the amount of the cash exchange and the proportion thereof.
The period of performance compensation is three years after the conclusion of the transaction.
Seventy per cent of equity, and the proportion of gold-challenged pharmaceutical industry and profit-taking contributions to the company ' s net return profits in recent years has been maintained 2. "Beauty and reasonable cost of income growth - high in the long run, around 70 per cent, and maintaining the momentum of rapid growth, are the absolute core drivers of growth in the company ' s performance.
Given that the overall penetration of our growth hormone market is still at a low level, and that there is competition in the market 3. "The high growth of medicines and the recognition of real estate income as a high performance pattern, we predict that the core industry of the gold-spill industry will remain high and long.
The Division is expected to fully benefit from the dividends of the expansion of the growth hormone market by further increasing its share in the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry. Reorganization is expected to act as an incentive to improve performance certainty: the trade options are still pending with the relevant parties.
It was determined that the deal included Mr. Kim Yong, director and general manager of the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry, and that the deal would easily include performance commitments and compensation agreements, which, if successfully advanced, would be expected to provide good incentives for the management of the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry and enhance certainty about the future growth of the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry.
Increased competition for competitive agent abundance: rising costs of growth hormone sales: overall regulatory risks in the vaccine industry: risks of uncertainty in this transaction.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment