The company achieved $5.375 billion in operating income in 2018.
This compares with a 31.03 per cent increase; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is $1,006 million, and growth hormones continue to grow at a high rate.
During the reporting period, the company re-organised polyethanol and stock price performance (last year) was expected to continue its rapid growth momentum due to an increase in the number of new paediatric infections, increasing market penetration rates, and the absence of corporate growth hormones.
The human growth hormone fluid completes the iv clinical trial and gets re-introductions seven months in advance, with high growth periods in the future. • Rapid growth in vaccine operations and average performance in Chinese medicine and real estate during the reporting period.
One hundred thousand and thirty-two million yuan, an increase of 40.30 per cent, and a net profit of 204 million yuan, an increase of 62.97 per cent, were realized for the main vaccine subsidiary.
With the withdrawal of long-lived life vaccines, changes in the market patterns for phoenix vaccines, rabies and seedlings, the company’s vaccine business is expected to capture a larger share of the market in 2019 and is expected to continue to grow rapidly.
The performance of the production business has been modest, with the Huakang pharmaceutical industry earning 528 million yuan, which is expected to increase further in profitability by purchasing 30% of the gold-challenged medicine industry. The company announced that it was to issue shares and convertable bonds to the gold medallion, the forest temple, and buy them separately.
Twenty-four per cent and 6 per cent of the stock held in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, and once the acquisition is completed, the company will hold 100 per cent of the stock held in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, while the company intends to raise matching funds in the form of non-public shares or convertable bonds from no more than ten eligible specific investors.
The evaluation of the Yusai pharmaceutical industry has not yet been completed, and specific distribution programmes have not yet been finalized.
The company ' s equity governance structure will be streamlined, and the central figure in the gold-spill industry, Mr. Kim Jing Bo, will officially hold shares in listed companies, whose interests will be tied to those of listed companies, and the company ' s market competitiveness will be further released.
▪ Profit forecasting: not considering the impact of this reorganization, we predict the risks to the company; the restructuring programme does not meet the expected risks. Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.