A rapid growth in performance during the first quarter of the year, with growth hormones released on 27 March 2019                                      *
Profit, $336 million – $378 million, or 60-80 per cent more than the same period in the previous year.  Real estate block settlements, which add up a quarter of corporate performance: we expect real estate operations to be settled in the first quarter of 2019 in the spring and high spring, leading to an increase in company performance.
The production business has not been settled, and in 2019 we expect the settlement to be in the range of 200 to 300 million, and the profit from the contribution is expected to be in the range of 40 million yuan, excluding this part of the increase in performance, and the net profit from the pharmaceutical plate in 2019 is growing at the speed of growth hormones, which is the main driving force behind a quarter of growth: based on grass root research, I
They expect that the growth hormone plates of the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry will continue to grow at a high rate for the first quarter of the year. Because of the lower-than-expected pace of product batch issuance, we believe that the main driving force behind the growth of the pharmaceutical plates in the first quarter of the year is the spread of growth hormones. The reasons for the rapid growth of growth hormones are, in our view, mainly: 1)
On the demand side -- rising consumption leads to growth hormones and a significant increase in the number of new cases of paediatrics, contributing to the growth of the company’s performance. Growth hormones sink into the grass-roots market as the policy of graded consultations advances, while the outflow of prescriptions leads to an increase in pharmaceutical sales; and 2) supply side – companies increase their academic performance.
Extension, marketing, and expansion of multiple channels to increase the penetration of growth hormones. As further channels of the Department sink and the sales force expand, we expect the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry to sustain a rapid increase of more than 50 per cent.
The issuance of vaccine plates has been slow, and performance has increased or will slow in the first quarter: 510,000 batches of vaccine pox were issued as of 24 March 2019, down from 1.39 million in the first quarter of 2018. The market-wide batches of pox vaccines were issued in the first quarter of 2018.
With a volume of 5.02 million, compared to 2.13 million in 2019, and the slow pace of issuance, we believe that the main issue of the “vaccine event” trend is more stringent. With the subsequent rapid growth of the vaccinations, the Golden Racers have returned their shares.
The completion of the project, considering the demand growth driven by the “one needle” in the end market and the long-lived bioproducts, will be ready for the head office, the future market vacancies brought about by the retreat of corporate profits and the prospect of rapid growth in the company's products throughout the year.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: without taking into account the 30 per cent equity balance of the Golden Race Pharmacy industry, we, 2, Long Spring High and New (000661: Growing Quarterly Performance Maintains Rapid Growth, Drug Boards
Continue to maintain a high rate of growth. 2018-10-22 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory board on securities