Focused and shared, farmed taps continued to hit 19st of the year 2020, research assistant Kim Hak.
In 1983, Wen Norwe seized the opportunity of co-sourcing, based on the “seven-house eights” , to start his own business. After more than 30 years of focused work, the meat and pork sales reached 20 million head in 18 years, selling chicken chickens.
At the same time, it has always followed a business culture of “good cooperation to make a living” to form a genuine community of interests through genuine sharing, which is the key to its creation of a model of “corporate + farm” farming.
This month, the company launched its second restricted stock incentive scheme, with two-year performance targets, to facilitate the firm’s growth by cutting core executive interests in depth. We believe that the company’s farm-raising operations will open up opportunities under this cycle of super pig cycles: 1) students.
The pig farming industry will concentrate on large-scale head businesses, and Winch will expand rapidly with his own costs, efficiency, control advantages and financial resources; 2) the shortfall in the supply of pork will lead to the replacement of poultry consumption, and the poultry industry will be expected to continue with the boom.
(ii) Management: although the financial threshold for this model is low, it is limited to the management of the enterprise's management capacity.
Wen-Chu, both management teams and farmers, as well as the application of information technology, have built up barriers to competition in their management systems and built long-term stable relationships of trust with farmers. 3) Cost: Full cost before the outbreak of the African swine plague.
The difference between the cost and the cost of livestock farming is mainly a matter of primaryity in the mode of farming. 4) Epidemics: improved biosafety prevention and control systems, with a relatively high capacity of pigs and a controlled increase in the number of plants caused by the epidemic. 5) Growing: the largest pig breeding company in the country, in the field of breeding.
Qualitative resources and breeding technologies are leading. Although the 19-year-old Wen pig populations have fallen and recovered 20-year growth as a result of the African pigpest, in the long run, the entire super pig cycle will change qualitatively, and Winch will benefit from industrial integration, accelerating expansion in 21 years.
To define the development goal of 10% of the national pig market (an estimated 70 million live poultry farming in 2027: a solid yellow feather chicken head, marching white chicken to open up the growth space. Although the current supply gap of the yellow plume ton is increasing demand faster than the supply increase, the price of yellow chicken is expected to grow in 20 years.
Ge's 19-year high, but will still be above the price of 18-year-olds and remain relatively high and operational. Winch, the leader of the yellow-yellow chicken farm, has been around 19% of the city in 18 years, well above the industry's second Lihua (exceeding 261 million, with about 6.5% of the city).
With 80% of the stock in the poultry industry, the White Feathers business is strategically deployed to diversify and upgrade the product sector and improve the combined benefits of the poultry industry, to the extent that the company has a multiplicity of advantages in terms of vaccination, cost, finance, land, and pool of talent.
It is hoped that the pig cycle will raise the city's position and grow in a dynamic manner, while the chicken-breeding plate will serve as an all-country yellow feather chicken head to further expand the white feather business, open the profit margin, cover it for the first time, give the pig a double-drawn head, focus and share it for more than 30 years.
In 1983, Wenbei made use of the opportunities offered by the joint land contracting system, based on the “seven households, eight shares” – the pace at which Winch started his business.
(a) The period of exploration (1983-1993): the creation of the “City + Farmers” and the first cooperative farm in 86 years of Ho Fung Lin;
To guide the work, and specifically to build an expert building, which will be donated to 10% of the Technology Unit in South China for comprehensive technical cooperation, covering a wide range of aspects, including the prevention of diseases in animals, breeding, nutrition and computer network technology. 2) Extension period (1994-2004): the death of Wenbei-Hing in 94, the replacement of the Win Peng-chung process, and the beginning of its expansion, including its expansion.
During this decade, the group has opened 3-4 integrated farming companies, 67 of which were affiliated by the end of 2004, more than 40 of which are located in the country ' s 13 provinces and municipalities and autonomous regions. 3) Over the period (2005 to date): Winch has been improving production efficiency and actively restructuring the industry on a large scale.
In 2007, over 10 billion dollars were earned, the "Winth and Map" trademark was recognized as a Chinese brand name, and the product brand was successfully branded. In 18, Wen's meat and pork were sold on a scale of 20 million, and 748 million chickens were sold, making it a meat pig, chicken-breeding dragon-heading business, with ducks, cows, egg chickens, pigeons, geese.
In addition to the production and marketing of livestock, the processing of food products, the manufacture of modern agricultural equipment, the production of veterinary medicines, the circulation of raw foods, and financial investment to improve the organization of the industrial chain.
At the end of 2004, there were 67 integrated farming companies, of which one 1.2 had a fragmented equity structure and a well-developed incentive for employee ownership. The core concept of the Wen’s “good working together to make a happy life” business culture was embedded in the equity structure.
At the time of its creation, the “seven households, eight shares” were in the nature of a share; in 86, Wenbei introduced a system of full-time stockholding in the interior and proposed “Winish foods, everyone's share”, which greatly contributed to a sense of employee belonging and group development. There is no single shareholder in Winch, with more than 5% of the company's shareholdings, effectively controlling the Inn family's combined holdings of 11 members, namely Winch Fen, Wen Peng Jing, etc.
16.46 per cent, with the largest individual shareholder holding only 4.08 per cent of the Win Peng Process.In December 2019, the company launched its second restricted equity incentive scheme: the award of a limited stock of 2810 members to 12 senior and middle managers, including directors, presidents, vice-presidents, managers and core technical (business) cadres.
Target, promote firm growth through deep binding of core executive interests.1 The total weight of livestock products sold in 2020 was no less than 8 per cent of the total weight of livestock products sold in 2019 or the first unlocked period of operations in 2020
Total revenue grew by no less than 8 per cent over total operating income in 2019; 1,2021 gross livestock product sales by weight were no less than 22 per cent over 2019 or the second unlocking period of battalion 2021
Total business income grew by no less than 22 per cent over 2019; 1.3. Pig chickens are driven by two wheels, and the super-pig cycle starts to develop new opportunities. Winch is dominated by pig farming and poultry farming: 22.3 million pigs out of 18 years, 59 per cent of the total, and chickens.
The company’s performance is influenced by the fluctuations in the cycle of the farm industry: 1) the pig cycle, during the 15-16-year pig cycle, released profit elasticity in the pig production business, while the fall in profits was evident during the 17-18-year pig cycle; 2) the yellow chicken, which was affected by the H7n9 flu from the beginning of 14 to mid-17 years, experienced a low-growth period in the industry.
The second half of the year began to improve, with the price of yellow chicken remaining high in 18 years, and the profits of farming operations significantly improved. The August 18 African pigpest outbreak and, as of October 19, the equal/ring ratio change by 37.8%/+0.6%, despite a rebound, will drive back the price of pigs as the traditional season of consumption returns, but the supply gap becomes more apparent.
We believe that this cycle of super pig production offers opportunities to develop: 1) the pig-breeding industry will concentrate on large-scale head businesses, and Winch will expand rapidly with his own cost, efficiency, control advantages and financial strength; 2) the pork supply gap will lead to the replacement of poultry consumption, and the poultry production business is expected to continue for a week.
Peasant pig farming: with multiple advantages, it is expected that long-term growth will be released through the cycle: "Corporate + Farming", the light asset model, which is generally divided into "Corporate + Farming" and self-sustaining systems, with warmness among listed companies.
"Corporates + farmers": companies provide piglets, feed, vaccines, etc., entrusting the fertility phase to farmers, who finance the construction or renovation of existing farms on a standard basis, and companies provide advanced technical guidance, and
Integrated management of decentralized farm-based production activities, resulting in a return to the sale of mature commodity pigs, settlement based, for example, on commissioning contracts and cooperative farm-farming management achievements, self-reliance: company-owned farms, employment of agro-industrial workers for intensive farming, integrated management, and the purchase or production of small pigs.
Forage production, unified vaccinations, training of breeders, etc., forms an integrated industrial chain of breeding, feed, vaccines, expansion, fertility, slaughtering, marketing, etc., characterized by standardization, scale, intensification, etc. The “company-plus farm” model is compared to the self-sufficiency model, which requires companies to invest themselves in the construction of farms.
Under this, the company does not need to provide piglets, but rather to build or renovate existing farms at the expense of cooperative farmers, with the advantage of: 1) reducing the cost of investment, which is partly borne by farmers (depreciation cost of fixed assets), with the head of Winch investing about $1,000, which is significantly lower than the top investment of about $1,500 in herds; 2) resolving the land problem, and scalding it.
While the demand for land has increased in the context of the trend towards greater environmental protection in recent years and the difficulty of obtaining land has increased, the “corporate + farmer” model has made full use of the land resources of farmers.In financial terms, the asset-liability ratio at Winch has remained at around 30 per cent in recent years, below 50 per cent in herds.
At the rate, the first average financial cost at Winch is at a single-digit level and is lower than the first average financial cost of about $50 for herds. Figure 10: Comparison of average financial costs at Winch and herds. 2.2. An excellent regulatory system creates barriers to competition
The “Corporate + Farmer” model requires that firms have excellent managerial capabilities, and Winch’s management of farmers, and the application of information technology, has created barriers to competition in their management systems. From the management team, the company’s core management team has accumulated more than 20 years of industry experience and depth in the industry.
At the same time, companies continue to improve their management teams and people by training core technicians and cadres internally and by bringing them to the outside world, in terms of management of farm households: 1) pre-opportunity, prior knowledge of farm households, and choice of good-credited farm households.
2) Protection of the income of the breadwinner is relatively stable, prior to raising a farm, has concluded a contract for commissioning, clearly priced, reduced the market risk of the farmer, the company takes the risk of loss when it is low, and when it is good, increases the income of the farmer. 3) Strengthening of management, corporate unity of supply, uniform supply, unified supply, unified vaccination, training in unified technical services, unified acquisition,
At the same time, information is uploaded to headquarters on the management of farm farming processes at every step of the process, the intake of meat for each batch of pigs, chickens, feeding volume, time out, vaccination time, etc.
For 18 years, 50,000 cooperative farmers (or family farms) received RMB 8,147 million, with an average income of RMB 15,448 million, of which more than 20,000 were co-operative farmers.
The average number of entries was approximately 650 per batch. Management techniques led to the establishment of a large enterprise data information management centre, an Internet management strategy for “decentralization, data migration” and the use of big data to support business decision-making and to effectively control operations throughout the country
Modules. The company ' s erp information management system, based on feeder networking techniques and a highly integrated erp system, has built up financial sharing systems, oa office systems, pig and chicken and cow and farm equipment management systems, cooperative farming (or family farm) management systems, and many operational systems, such as those that enable full authorization, stimulate in-house business dynamics and improve management efficiency.
2.3. Costs remain low in the industry and are relatively high in disease prevention and control. Corporate cost control capacity: Total costs of pig farming have gradually declined to around $12 per kilogram over the past few years, below the average cost of small-scale farming in the industry of 1-3 yuan per kilogram, below the average cost of bulk farming of 3-5 yuan per kilogram, cost
There are significant advantages. The cost of wiping out Wen-Win and Herdsland is 0.5 yuan per kilogram higher than the cost of herds. The difference is mainly due to differences in herding patterns, where the full cost of herding consists of about 200 ploughs per fat pig, while the “corporate + farmer” model makes it more expensive to manage, while the herds have a heavy asset model.
In the wake of the outbreak of the African pigpest, the company has taken a series of measures to prevent the spread of the pigpest: 1) physical isolation, complete closure of sites, strict control over the movement of people and goods in and out of the pig farm, and strengthening the need for people, materials, transport vehicles, etc. that affect the biosafety of the pig farm.
With the company’s cooperative farming activities being relatively small, farm personnel, less contact with the outside world, the means of transmission are relatively manageable. 2) Hardware facilities, improved biosafety control systems, upgrading of old sites, new automated, efficient equipment and additional quarantine facilities directly increase vaccinations.
Facilities such as air, water flow disinfection, regular isolation, etc.) marketing measures, regional point-to-point matching, ensuring smooth marketing. As a result of the effects of the African pigpest, the cost of the company’s vaccinations has increased, and the biological systems that are being built, including disinfecting centres, transit stations, and equipment for the pig plant’s internal facilities, have been largely cost-effective, with 19q3.
Total costs are raised to about $16/kg, and the cost remains manageable due to excellent vaccination capabilities. 2.4. Pig breeding is the largest in the country.
In '05, the Boar Department of the Wen-Cong, China, successfully developed and validated the country's four-sector plant-breeding river. In 12 years, a pig-planting company was set up, and in 13 years, a National Centre for Engineering Research in the Plantation of Pigs was set up based on the Towing Group and the University of Agriculture of South China. At the same time, it built up a research and development platform with the advantages of the University of Agriculture of South China and Nanjing.
The agricultural universities, the Chinese agricultural universities and the Nakayama universities have established close “production research” and research and development systems, and the company has developed six major products, including long white, large white, Dolock, Pitland and local quality pig species, in terms of seed resources.
In terms of breeding techniques, whole genome selection, cell cloning, and big data genetic assessment techniques are the first or the leading industries. In terms of strains, four and five systems are created, and the meat pig integrated productive energy industry is leading.
The company is the country’s largest breeder: it has nine breeding sub-firms (emerging breeding, clearing and breeding, Chinadong breeding, Wen-chung-chung-chung-chung-chung-chung-chung, Xianyang-chung breeding, North Xin, Quzhou breeding, Shandong breeding), covering the South China, China-dong, China-Cong, North China, North-East and South-West regions.
The company’s capacity has expanded rapidly, using the light asset model, from 1.218 million to 22.3 million during the 2014-2018 cycle, with a compound growth rate of 16% and a simultaneous expansion of fixed assets. According to the 18-year output pattern, the output of the company has increased rapidly, from 1.218 million to 22.3 million.
This is about 50% of the total, 25% of the total, and about 10% of the total, and the expansion of the distribution of commodity pork production in Shandong and Southwest regions. Although affected by Africa’s pigpest, Wen’s 19-year-old pig production declined, and growth resumed in 20 years, in the long run.
Look, the whole industry will change qualitatively in this cycle of super pig production, and Winch will benefit from industrial integration. Before the outbreak of the plague in Africa, our pig-breeding industry was scattered, dominated by scattered farmers, with small households below 500 a year standing at about half, with the largest city in 18 years accounting for only 3%.
Weak and underfunded production lags out, and industry integration accelerates. For the mature U.S. pig farming industry, Smithfield has a 15% share, with the top three leading firms accounting for more than 25%.
Wen-chung also identified a 10% target for the national pig market (expected to be about 70 million head in 2027), 3. Poultry farming: a steady yellow feather chicken head, marching white chickens opening up the growth space 3.1. Avian meat consumption is expected to replace the yellow chicken industry with a sustained climate cycle
The yellow chicken is the dominant local species in the country, mainly in the South, dominated by household consumption and characterized by long growth cycles, low weight, high meat prices, and better taste than white chickens. The price cycle is longer than white chickens because of the longer cycle of yellow chickens. White chickens have had four cycles for 12 years, up to a maximum of 31 months.
Yellow feather chicken undergoes a three-cycle cycle of up to 37 months. Figure 20: Comparison of yellow and white chicken price cycles (RM/kg)
In the second half of 17 years, the price of the yellow feather chickens rose sharply, and in 18 years, the total figure rose from 3.7 billion to 3.84 billion, while overall capacity supply continued to increase in the production cycle.
Controllable. The price of yellow feather chicken fell in 18 years compared to the second half of 17 years, but it is still high, with a single plum profit year-long demand gap of 10 million tons of pork, leading to a strong replacement consumption of poultry meat. With the effects of African pigpest, there was a supply gap of about 13 million tons of pork in 19 years compared to 18 years. Considering the high base of pork production in the first half of 1900.
One third will be transferred to poultry consumption, with an increase of about 4 million tons.) Further measurement of the replacement gap for yellow feather consumption: 1) calculated on the basis of 3.8 billion yellow feather chickens in 18 years, 1.8 kg in each column, 65% of the total reloading rate and 4.45 million tons of yellow chicken in the year. 2) calculated on the basis of a 20% increase in yellow feather chicken production in 19 years, total
5.34 million tonnes (up 890,000 tonnes) per year of yellow feather chicken production, taking into account the gap of 13 million tonnes in 19 and 15% of yellow chicken replacement (up demand 1.95 million tonnes), which can be calculated as a 24% shortfall in supply and demand for yellow chickens throughout the year, and 6 million tonnes (1.56 million tonnes in 18 years) per year of yellow feather chicken production in Wenhouse, which is 30% less than pork and imports in 18 years.
A 15% replacement rate of 3 million tonnes for meat and 2.19 million tonnes for yellow chickens compared to 18 years for demand can be calculated as a 14% shortfall in demand and supply for the entire year. While in the current production cycle, the demand from the pork gap is growing at a higher rate than the supply increase, and it is expected that the price of yellow chicken will be higher than the price for 18 years in 20 years, although it is below 19 years.
G, keep it running relatively high. 3.2. Yellow rooster heads, marching white roosters, starting with chicken business, creating a “company + farmer” model, which is now the largest pheasant in the country.
In recent years, industry concentration has steadily increased to headlines, accounting for 41.5% in the 10 companies of 17 years ago and 2.4pt more than in 15 years. In 18 years, 748 million pheasant chickens were sold at Winch, accounting for around 19% of the country’s yellow pheasant production.
At present, the company has 48 high-quality chickens, pure families, 47 chicken varieties (accompanied systems), a variety of products and a comprehensive product covering basically all the high-quality products on the market.
In October 19 the company acquired 80% of the shares in the Kyoto Sea poultry industry with cash of $640 million, and the business was strategically arranged for the White Sea chicken business.
The industry is at the forefront, producing 8 million chicken seedlings for white feather parents each year, 100 million chicken seedlings for commercial products, and more efficient production, such as breeding performance, integration, etc. This acquisition has created a strong complementarity of species with the company’s already existing yellow chicken business, resulting in a diversification of the current category and an increase in the combined benefits of poultry production.
4. Profit forecasting and investment rating 1) pig farming, which has reached an all-time high in Africa due to the rapid rise in pig prices due to the effects of the plague, although according to the Ministry of Agriculture, the 4 per cent increase in the stock of hogs in November 19 was followed by a two-month recovery in a row.
In the first half of 20 years, pigs will remain in a state of scarce supply, and production efficiency will decline in the second half of 20 years as uncertainty between breeding densities and the outbreak increases the three-dollar retention. We expect the price of pigs to remain high for the entire 20-year period. Assuming the price of pigs is 19/30/20/20/kg in 19/20/21, the price of pigs at the Wenstock will remain high.
2) The poultry industry chain, although currently in the production cycle, has generated a demand increase higher than the supply increase due to the pork gap, which is expected to remain above the price of 18 years in 20 years, although below 19 years of record high, and to remain relatively high. Assuming an average of 15/14/13 kg of yellow chicken in 19/20/21 and 9/10/11 billion in Winch chickens in 19/20/21.
This cycle is expected to raise the market rate and increase its momentum, while the chicken-breeding plate, as the head of the national yellow feather chicken, further expands the white feather business, opens the profit margin, covers it for the first time, and gives a "buy-in" rating!
If the price falls short of expectations (an estimated average price of $30/20 per kilogram for 2020/2011), it will result in a 30-per kilogram increase in plate farming operations, with an impact on profits of about $1.7 billion per 1 million variation. Epidemic risk: if an outbreak like the H7n9 outbreak in 2013, it will lead to a decline in consumption demand, with production capacity accompanying it.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has an investment advisory committee on securities.