A steady increase in sales of coal and a recovery in performance in the second half of the year occurred: on 27 August 2025, the Xiaoxi Coal industry released its semi-annual report for 2025, and the company achieved the Xiaoxi Coal industry (601225.sh)
Revenue from the industry was 77,983 million yuan, a 14.19 per cent decline in the same year; the net return to the mother was 7,638 million yuan, a positive increase in the sales of coal, a decline in prices that affected performance and cost control remained stable. On the side of production and sales, companies achieved 87,396.4 million tons of coal in the first half of 2025, an increase of 1.15 per cent in the same year;
The increase of 0.92 per cent over the same period in the production of 125,892 tons of coal was achieved, with a 21.9 per cent decrease in the same year in the sale of self-produced coal, with companies continuing to promote cost control, with the original coal unit fully forming at $280 per ton, a 0.49 per cent decrease in the same year, with a significant cost advantage.
342.59 yuan/megawatt hours, an increase of 0.01% in the same year; the cost of coal combustion is $224.42/megawatt hours, subject to a one-time tax charge on lower coal prices and the liquidation of the capital plan, with short-term performance pressure in the second quarter, which is expected to pick up in the second half of the year. The company’s net profit ring in the second quarter fell, on the one hand, in the coal market.
On the other hand, the company's second-quarter clean-up exits the “New Judds II” scheme, and the rise in income tax fees has had a one-time impact on profits in the second quarter. With the steady rise in coal prices and the elimination of one-time tax impacts, we believe that this is the case.
The coal master industry is growing robustly, and high-quality production is gradually releasing. Companies are continuing to build high-quality production capacity, with a subsidiary, Elm Forest City, in the first half of the year 2025, with the production capacity of the Yuen Yao-Yung mining company Ltd.
Eight million tonnes/year increase to 10 million tonnes/year, further enhancing the company’s core competitiveness.
A sustained development of the momentum during the period of the Mid-Securities Co., Ltd., 5th and 5th.
In the first half of 2025, the Yooyang plant completed its transport two months earlier, saving nearly $1 billion over the proposed budget and consuming coal.
The industry average is 15% lower. The company holds a total installed capacity of 20280mw of coal-fired generators, with a total installed capacity of 8960mw of coal-fired generators, and a total installed capacity of 11320mw of coal-fired generators, with wide potential for future power plate growth.
In keeping with the concept of positive returns for shareholders, profit projections and investment ratings: We believe that the coal industry will continue to be supply-inelastic and demand-resilient over the next three to five years, and that the domestic power coal price hub is expected to operate at a medium and high level.
The coal industry has high-quality coal resources in the north, with significant cost advantages, and a coal power integration strategy, with considerable incremental space at a later stage and a promising outlook for corporate development. Risk factors are not taken into account: macroeconomic uncertainties; geopolitical factors influence the global economy;
Uncertainty in coal- and electricity-related industrial policies; accident of safe production in coal mines, etc. Dr. Zhoming, registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s pool of experts, member of the China Price Association ' s Coal Price Commission and former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (chairman)
Over a decade of research and advisory services in the coal and energy-related fields, over a period of more than 10 years, under the auspices of the “13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Programme”, the revision of industrial technology policy and enterprise-related advice, and in June 2016, under the auspices of the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is currently responsible for research in the coal sector.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio Research and Development Centre in the fields of coal, steel and upstream and downstream, Li Chunch, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, and Master of Financial Sciences, Nanjing University.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert and assistant to the China Institute of Technology on petrochemical economy and led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Cultural carbon peaks and implementation pathways” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the national ministry's oil and gas industry planning, the construction of a new energy system, and the development of a new energy system.
In March 2023, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research and research in the petrochemical sector. Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin School, Texas University, United States; Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University.
Three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, in virtual power plant applications, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry research, and in July 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in public sector research at the University of Jilin, with a Master ' s degree in industrial economics.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the stone industry.
Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research Centre, Li Dung, University of Southern California, Master of Architecture, January 2023, and Research in the Coal Industry, Tang Ji-yu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, April 2023.
Liu Bo, a major management student at Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 to conduct research in the coal and steel sectors. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.