A matrix of "Photo, Angkor and Cosmetics", push-Photo (600436) covered for the first time under a multi-nuclear drive strategy, the company is expected to form a matrix of "Photo and Angknoll and Cosmetics"
The main strategic matrix. The company will continue to consolidate and deepen its core position, consolidate its efforts to build a new growth pole for the brand-new brand-new An-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho, promote the upgrading of the cosmetics industry and achieve a steady growth of the public sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho-Sho.
1) At the end of the raw material, the company's natural oxen and mussels are well supplied, and through a public belief that upstream raw material resources can be sustained at least until 2027; 2) at the end of the channel, we follow the National Pharmacy and Sky Cat.
The share of income from the National Pharmacies has been decreasing since 2015, and the share of income from the Halls has been decreasing as the new ones were added in 2021.
(a) The experience hall and distribution channels, which will gradually increase in the future as the company increases its direct-line investment and its income ratio;
The company holds the right to raise the price, and in the long run the consumer is less sensitive to the price. At the end of the demand, according to our model, the penetration rate is now well below 2%. So, from the point of view of penetration, with the company's input in the redevelopment of the crop, it's high net value.
The number of people has risen, the public health awareness has increased, and the demand for small arms has grown considerably, and the potential consumer population is expected to become the company’s new growth engine, and the company’s product penetration is low.
In the cardiovascular area, the trend of ageing means that the apocalypse has a high demand for ceilings.
The late city, s027052203001, the market share has continued to grow since it was marketed in September 2020, and the market share has been higher in real medicine, combined with the experience hall, the National Pharmacy, etc.)
2) has an advantage over raw materials, which are one of the six companies that produce two natural euphoria herbs on the market, and the upstream raw materials, both natural musk and natural yolk, are rare and valuable medicines.
This is the biggest barrier to the production of the ammonium herbs; 3) the company's ammonium herbs contain two of the most growthable regulations. The data shows that the single and two natural ammonium herbs have similar growth patterns, and the company's products are expected to differ from one another.
(iv) brands, channels, and new and old products are linked.
In high net-value groups, consumer contact is expected to boost the company’s fast-disburst of Xenmao’s Quantico Quantico, and the company’s Quantico Museum will help to raise the brand value of the Xiao Xiang Xin’s Quan Quantico.
The division's management has made adjustments, and the entire cosmetics terminal has been fine-tuned and is expected to raise prices together with the core product pieces. The company's cosmetics lines are more numerous, the Queen's brands are two-wheel-driven, and will in the future rely on the company's marketing platforms, research and development platforms, and mining.
Prospective profits and investment proposals: company core product pieces are scarce, new products are safe.
It is expected that the max and the cosmetics business after business has become a new growth driver for companies Risk factors: good policies do not meet the expected risks, raw materials are under-supplied, research and development are under-developed, demand is divided between pharmaceutical and health-care uses.
1. Disaggregation of income: split income by the two direct-camp main pharmacy channels, the National Pharmacy, the distribution channels, the Kyouta and the Skycat Platforms, measuring the annual income-to-income trend of the different channels, and calculating the average price of the entire channel in conjunction with the prices of the different sources of supply, thus measuring the volume of sales;
Measuring the future stock of natural musk in each case and analysing the extent to which natural musk can be sustained at different speeds of increase; and (2) measuring the company ' s natural demand for and stock levels and further measuring the company ' s annual stock of natural yolk trends;
3. Disaggregation of demand: it is divided into pharmaceutical and health care. Drug use takes into account four treatment areas: non-alcoholic fatty hepatitis, alcoholic fatty hepatitis, acute hepatitis B, chronic hepatitis B, and health care takes into account the population group of low-cost consumption and the high net rate of gift delivery, with four demand end penetration scenarios of 2%, 5%, 10%, and 15%.
China's treasures, high barriers are rare and become pharmaceutical medals 1.1 Chinese characters and brand barriers are strong.
Founded in 1999 and listed in 2003, the company became one of the first “old Chinese” enterprises to be identified by the Ministry of Commerce in 2006; in 2008 it became one of the first “national high-technology enterprises” to be identified by the Ministry of Science and Technology and was continuously reviewed through high-technology enterprises.
Reconfirmation: In 2011, the "Standard State" was included in the third series of the "National Intangible Cultural Heritage Corporation" with a strong brand name, ranked first in the field of pyrolysis for four consecutive years in the field of "Technastic competition for Chinese medicine" and won the title "National Model Industrial Branding Enterprise" and the "2022 Quetobrandz Top" in the film.
The Chinese brand is ranked 33rd, top of the “2022 Hu Yun China’s Most Historic and Cultural Best” list, top of the 2022 Hu Yun brand, top of the medical health brand, second in the 40,937 billion brand, and second in the “2023 Old Mark” brand, with year-on-year innovation.
The company's operations cover the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry, medicine circulation, cosmetics, solarisation, etc., producing more than 20 mestizos, ammonium, ammonium, ammonium, amphiboles, hysteria and helium capsules, etc., at the national level, the core varieties of meth protection, their prescriptions and crafts are classified as national secrets, and traditional production techniques are selected as national non-materials.
In 2021, the company’s board optimized its development strategy by implementing a new blueprint for a “multi-nuclear drive, two-way development” that will continue to consolidate and deepen the core of the film, and build a new growth pole of the mahogany.
Promotion of the re-upgrading of the cosmetics industry. 1.2 Shareholdings held by the State Finance Committee, stable equity structure, its fully-owned subsidiary, the State Capital Operating Group Ltd., and the State Property Investment Bank of the City of Kyongzhou.
In total, Camp Limited holds 3.48% of the shares of the company, and Xilongjiang Group Ltd. of Xilongjiang City, Xizhou City, shares of the company are held directly or indirectly by 54.78% of the shares of the company. The company is effectively controlled by the Xilongjiang Group Ltd. of Xizhou City, which holds 90% of the shares of the company, i.e. 49.3% of the shares of the company indirectly.
Shareholders Wang Fuzi held 4.48 per cent of shares in the first quarter of 2023, with no change in the proportion held over the years; the remainder included Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd., China Securities and Finance Corporation Ltd., and institutional funds.
Over the last 20 years, income and net profits have increased at a double-digit compound annual rate The company's operating income and net return profits have increased steadily over the last 20 years, from $214 million in 2003 to a sustained decline in sales costs due to the outbreak, and sales rates are expected to level or rise in the future
The administrative cost rate has been stable at around 7% since 2017. The largest share of marketing, marketing and advertising costs is allocated to the Bida promotional, marketing and advertising fees, which include, among other things, the costs and promotional costs of operating campaigns, removing the effects of the epidemic, periodic increases and decreases between 2016 and 2020, and corporate sales.
The cost rate is also positively related to this cost increase. After the doubling of advertising costs from 2018 to 2020, the cost of advertising was significantly reduced in 2022, while the cost of intergenerational operation of related operator services, sales commissions, etc., generated by the sale of products on e-commerce platforms increased significantly.
Business structure optimized, Māori rates and net interest rates continued to rise, and Māori rates in pharmaceutical manufacturing led comparable enterprises. Corporate Māori combined rates and net interest rates continued to rise since 2017, from 43.26 per cent in 2017 to 30.30 per cent.
The increase in the Māori ratio has benefited from continued optimization of the company’s business structure. Since 2017, the company’s high Māori pharmaceutical industry has seen an increase in revenue, from 39.41% in 2017 to 49.94% in the first quarter of 2023, and the low Māori business medicine business.
Figure 12: Trends in corporate income per segment Business efficiency indicators are positive, corporate capacity is steadily improving, and 1.4 Industrial plates contribute major revenues and Māori
The pharmaceutical industry, pharmaceutical commerce, daily goods and cosmetics and food products have achieved double-digit composites from 2017 to 2022
We're combing the company's product lines by dividing the company's pharmaceutical industry products into four categories depending on whether or not they contain a “pitt” component and the content of the “poo” and one category each) of the core “poo” products.
(b) Perimeter products containing a small amount of “polypanic” components, including double-polymers, double-polymers etc.; (c) products that do not contain “poly-poly-poly-polysing” products, including chromium, hexafluorescent, etc.; and (d) classic formulas, including two natural and mono-natural sizes of vessel, vessel, vessel, etc.
Figure 18: The company ' s pharmaceutical industry matrix of products, the shoals, the shoals, the shoals, the shoals, the shoals, the shoals, the shoals.
Quantified cerebral cerebral vascular medicine is growing strongly as hepatopathic drugs contribute to the main performance.
Hepatopathic drugs contribute to the company ' s main income and Māori revenues from the industrial plate in the first quarter of 2021, 2022 and 2023, if this is due to the increase in sales of the core product, the Queen ' s Oxyster pill. Figure 20: Māori structure of the company ' s pharmaceutical industry
The most representative products in the field of company hepatitis drugs and cardiovasculars are a cythopaedic and cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral pills, respectively.In terms of growth, cerebral cerebral physiology and cerebral vascular drugs increased at a combined rate of 21.43% and 97.06%, respectively, between 2017 and 2022. The cerebral vascular medicine was purchased by the company in 2020 and marketed in September 2020.
Annually, 72.23 per cent of the same rate of increase, first quarter of 2023, $121.37 million in income, and one quarter completed
There has been a slight decline in the rates of Māori in the area of company hepatitis and cardiovascular drugs, mainly due to the increased cost of upstream raw materials. The company is actively saving upstream resources, while being able to raise prices, and the Māori rate of company hepatitis and cardiovascular medicines is expected to remain stable over the long term.
2.3 R & D pipelines with a branding feature in layouts that insist on technological innovation as the central driver of enterprise development, with full use of Chinese medicine characteristics, focusing on the secondary development of a variety of niches centred around high clinical prevalence, lack of effective treatment programmes, market prospects
A wide range of chronic diseases, difficult-to-control diseases, new drug-innovation drugs, classic brands, chemicals-innovation drugs, etc.
Pzh1201 for the treatment of intestinal stress syndrome. Pzh1201 for the treatment of intestinal stress syndrome, pzh1204 for the treatment of intestinal stress disorder, pzh1203 for the treatment of bone arthritis, and pzh1203 for clinical research for the treatment of osteoporosis.
In conjunction with Yeen Cory, the study is being developed for pain swelling, etc., caused by the cystic hysteria of the knee, and is currently in the second stage of the development of the dominant varieties of Xiahua, Angang Oxymaru, etc.
(c) Development of a new type of chemist 1 drug, pzh2111 for the treatment of late-stage physical tumours such as choline cell cancer in the liver and urinary skin cancer; pzh2108 for carcinogenic pain; pzh2107 for the treatment of fibrous muscle pain.
Figure 26: Companies in line of research (as of 5 July 2023) Channel 3: Straight-line occupancy ratios are more conducive to the promotion of Māori (Māori) for products, 3.1 brands are strong and sales are less expensive
In recent years, the cost of sales has fallen from less than 10% to 5.49% in the first quarter of 2023, far below comparable companies, including co-conspirators, Darren Hall, Fashion House, etc. The 74 companies listed in the Chinese drug plate have been ranked from low to high, with the highest ranking since 2015 being 13 in 2016, followed by year-to-year rankings.
Migration, ranked second and third in the first quarter of 2022 and 2023, respectively, shows that companies have a strong brand appeal, and that core products are exclusive products, have a fixed consumer population, and the epidemic also has an impact on below-line sales inputs.
Figure 28: Cost of company sales ranked annually among the companies listed in China Pharmacy. On 4 July of the year, there were 74 listed companies listed in the China Pharmacology Block; the order grew through several leadership reforms, ranging from low to 3.2 sales rates.
Over the past decade, companies have undergone different management changes, and marketing strategies have been continuously reformed and deepened. Since the inauguration of President Liu Jianxiao in March 2014, a series of stories has been launched, together with a collection of museums, to form a business model of “studies plus museums plus traditional circulation.” By the end of 2020, the number of galleries had reached the end of 2020.
In April 2021, Chairman Panjie took office to fight the bulls through a series of measures and took ownership of the channels. In May and July 2021, respectively, he opened direct lines such as the Big Pharmacator's and the Big Pharmacist's Royal Pharmacist's, and increased the volume of the offline market and the return to stability of the market order.
(b) In December 2021, President Lin Lakchi took office around a “multi-nuclear” layout, emphasizing that steady performance growth is the main line, leading product swaths with stable prices at the heart of the market and a large scale of expansion.
Main; channel emphasis on integrated self-employment and deeper cooperation with the mainstream chain, two-way development, bottom-down end movements Chart 29: Corporate leaders' marketing initiatives for the last three years have continued to develop an experiential layout, a confluence museum, and a business model of a “studies plus museums plus traditional circulation”
At the end of 2020, there were more than 300 "Photos" in the country's camps, and Chairman Liu Jiansun took office as a strategic layout for the development of the Pavilion north of the Yangtze, covering most of the country's provincial capitals and major economically developed cities.
• Through a series of powerful measures, the market order has returned to stability and the problem of “one drug is hard to get” has been solved.
(b) On the two-line retailing side, the construction of an online marketing platform was initiated, followed by a single-line drug store, a small-scale drug store, a small-scale drug store, a small-scale restaurant, and a dedicated inspection team.
Chairman Panjie has taken over the company's executives, who have personally led the conduct of a compliance patrol of the provincial experience halls, set up a mobile patrol team to extend the tour to the national experience halls and distributors, resolutely combat market price speculation, and further strengthen market surveillance and control.
3) A comprehensive rating of clients, adjusted to the end-to-base accuracy rate and the rating of the performance of the performance; a comprehensive rating of clients, adjusted to the end-to-base accuracy rate and the rating of the performance of the performance in relation to the accuracy of the customer's sales deposit rate, the geographical location of the store, compliance with the performance of the sale of the series of varieties; and a comprehensive rating of the client to the end-to-entry validation rate and the rating of the performance of the performance adjustment.
• The “multi-nuclear” pattern, based on steady growth in performance, with market management and convergence of major product lines: with a stable market at its core, the market and price situation have reached historically high levels throughout the year, with silhouettes being sold at the top of the liver urinary medicine used in the Skycat health and the Kyoto Healthy Teleelectric Platform; the promotion of the marketing of various product codes such as the Xiotc version, the 2-particles package and the 4-particles package has been highly market-friendly; and the promotion of the Xanax capsules has been strengthened.
Nucleus 2: Large-scale expansion of channels 3 series of products: state of productive capacity of the consortium, scientific distribution, breeding of large varieties 2021, 12,09
The Director of Lin Laiqchi has taken up his post as Chairman of the Committee to coordinate the development of self-employment channels in close strategic cooperation with the mainstream chain, to develop two-way and to promote the development of blank areas, with high-quality marketing at its core, with down-sinking and fine-tuning programmes, to enhance the flow of new media such as small red books and tremors, to increase the stickyness of consumption, and to promote overall marketing efforts such as market order, channel layout, end demand, etc.
In the month, the company will be able to access all drug-related products and health-care foods, purchase, sell, inventory, etc., and maintain a system of access, unified information management and real-time control of the data from the library. The company will upload all empirical information and important material into microsystems, electronicizing and systematizing it. The department will undertake a process of collecting information on the area of the library, improving the collection of information on the institute, and obtaining information on the site as a whole for more comprehensive and accurate purposes.
3.3 The share of direct-camp revenue has increased, with sales channels for off-line and off-line companies being divided into domestic sales and overseas sales. Domestic sales are dominated by pharmaceutical stores, supported by sales on the courtyard line, which are mainly run by the membranes, regional distributions, retail pharmacies, etc.
Overseas sales are made on a general distribution basis through centralized drug purchase platforms in various locations for the sale and supply of company lines to hospitals.
3.3.1 Channels of distribution: high profitability and declining income share of distributors Corporate distribution models are based on selection of local powerful distributors with a certain marketing network; at the same time, companies have established marketing offices, overseas operators and distributors in priority areas throughout the country
Together, a multi-modal, multi-channel extension service terminal will be organized, and product managers will be set up for integrated management, depending on how the market operates. But the bid and retail prices will remain at a high price differential of $180.
We have measured a year-on-year decline in the share of proceeds from distribution channels since 2016, from 77.23 per cent in 2016, and an annual increase in the number of direct lines, which reduces the share of income from the experience hall.
According to the company’s semi-annual report in 2022, the company has covered more than 50 chains of 5,000 end-to-end shops throughout the country, promoting market access for core products.
The sales of pharmaceutical stores in Chinese cities rose from year to year, with the first breakthrough of 1 billion yuan in 2022, an increase of 33.90 per cent over the same period. In the case of pharmaceutical products produced in hepatitis, the share of the market in this treatment subcategory rose from 31.9 per cent in 2016 to 43.7 per cent in 2022e.
Figure 34: Sale of end-of-life tablets in Chinese cities, 2021; “-” representing sales of less than 100 million) 3.3.3 National Pharmacies & Straight Up Line: National Pharmacies have a lower share of revenue and a higher share of straight-line income
In addition to marketing through pharmacies everywhere, companies are actively building up the company’s direct company Pharmacies and Pharmacies Specialized in Pharmacies in order to expand the amount of retail sales at the point. According to our estimates, the revenue from the National Pharmacy Channel as a percentage of the company’s total income has declined from 5.85% in 2012 to 1.17% in 2019, mainly because of the development of the experience during the period.
In May and July of 2021, the company, in order to fight the bulls, took the initiative to open up a large pharmaceutical store, a direct line on the line between the cat and a small pharmacy. The company went straight to the front door.
Retail prices are sold to end-users, and the Māori rate is higher than the distribution channel.  From third-party sales data, the establishment of a straight-line pharmacy in 2021 has led to an explosion of channels on the line for old and new products, the Antxle.
Minnet data show that the sales of the Xanax at China’s online pharmacy terminals rose from less than 100 million yuan in 2020 to more than 900 million yuan in 2021, an increase of 1282 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and the sale of the Xanax capsules achieved a rapid increase of 100 million yuan at a rate of 327 per cent.
Mirror data show that in 2021, the company ' s total sales of the Kyoto and Skycat platforms amounted to $1,092 million, an increase of 65.99 per cent over the same period, and income growth of 783.93 per cent, driven by the on-line direct drug store for the Eastern Platform hepatitis, the line of the cardiovascular drug, the direct drug store and the new product, the Quantino An Quantino max, a 5056.86 per cent increase.
In 2022, the two-digit growth trend was maintained.
In the future, sales inputs will increase, with a further increase in the share of straight-line pharmacies expected to contribute to the increase in the company’s Maori rate.
Share = direct store/company liver medicine income in Kyoto and Skycat; real share is high, we sell it conservatively through straight lines) 3.3.4 Experiency Pavilion: raising brand awareness and introducing innovative models of “authorization for business out of business”
In 2015, for the first time, the company launched a sales model called the "Scaffle of Pods", which is a series of products for major sales companies and subsidiaries, and promotes the awareness and loyalty of high social consumption groups to the brand and their desire to buy products. The company has set up one or two Pods of Pods, mainly in the capital city and in priority cities, and has “blanked” radiation to the rural and urban areas of the region.
The company has been able to improve the management of prices, eliminate “combined goods” and maintain the operator's operating space, while also selecting the sites of the labs to be located in the best interests of the country, airports, cultural neighbourhoods, or commercial areas.
By the end of 2021, there were 331 theatres throughout the country; by the middle of 2022, there were nearly 400 such places; they used an innovative model of “authorization to operate out of business”.
The company’s head office is responsible for the unified regulatory management of the experiment and the provision of goods.
The company selects the main factors for the evaluation, including economic strength, the human base, business experience, etc., in order to ensure the success of the Institute.
We have measured an annual increase in the share of income from the Institute since 2016, from 20% in 2016 to 2021, and the volume of sales has increased significantly, reducing the contribution of the Institute’s income.
4.1 Prices: Prescription and strictly processed exclusive products, with companies holding the right to raise prices. According to the 2020 Chinese Pharmacy, we have 616 medicinal preparations and tablets and 1607 formulations and monomer formulations.
On the one hand, in accordance with the Regulations on the Protection of Chinese Medicines issued by the State Council in 2018, the period of confidentiality of protected varieties at the Chinese level varies from 30 years to 20 years and 10 years, while the period of confidentiality of protected varieties at the Chinese level is 7 years.
It is a long-term secret for the five-year-olds, the Xanax, the Xanax of the Quanzhou Qingxing Pharmacy, the Xiaoyu of Hangzhou Reyun, the musk pavilion of Shanghai and Yellow Pharmacy, and Shanxi Guangqin. The Xiaoyu is born in the last year of Ming Dynasty, with a history of almost 500 years, and is a Chinese drug protection variety and an old Chinese word at the national level.
The traditional production techniques are listed as national intangible cultural heritage. At present, the company promotes the otc version, two pieces, and four pieces of the code.
According to the company's 2022 annual report, the drug is made up of natural musk, natural cow yellow, San-Hu, snake chords, which account for 3%, 5%, 7%, and 85% of the raw material content, respectively.
The price of the rest of the Chinese medicine is being procured through market channels. Unrequired market relations between supply and supply have led to an increase in the prices of natural cow yolk and natural musk, which has significantly increased the cost of the upper end of the strip. The price of natural musk rose from 360,000/kg in June 2020 to 450,000/kg in June 2023, a 25% increase;
The company priced the tablets almost 11 times between 2007 and 2023, showing that the company holds up a price increase of a 4.2 volume: the average 5% compound annual increase does not affect the double-digit compound growth in sales, and we split the tablets and the capsules into national dispensaries and straight-line sales, experience halls, distributors, etc.
and to estimate full-channel average prices (excluding taxes) based on their respective income weights, with a compound annual increase of 5.27 per cent from 2016 to 2022, further measurement of the volume of sales in China from 2016 to 2022 as a result of a compound annual increase in volume, and a return to growth in sales fork in 2021, indicating that, in the long term, reasonable increases do not affect the growth of sales and the elimination of sales in China.
Cost groups are less price-sensitive. 4.3 Supply: access to resources in the area of scarce upstream raw materials 4.3.1 Natural mussels: State quotas added to artificial farming, conservatively estimated to be available until 2027
Measurement of natural musk demand for titanium & capsules The measurement makes no distinction between titanium cystic capsules and titanium silicons for the same composition; assumes that hepatic medicine is received for entry/pharmaceutical industry income for titanium & capsules/hepatopathic medicine for sale after 2023.
The combined rate of increase is 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, counting the demand for natural mussels at different rates of increase, 908 kg 1307kg/3253kg in 2025 and 2030, respectively. Musk is a dry secretion in male musk capsules and is a traditional and expensive Chinese drug. The resources for mussels in our country are extremely short.
In the absence, the State has taken a series of measures to ensure the survival, recovery, development and continued use of musk resources, adapting mussels from national level 2 to national level protection of wildlife, strengthening the merger of mussels, strictly limiting the use of natural mussels to drug varieties with a focus on special effects, critical medicines, etc., for domestic mussels.
As the domestic market continues to grow in demand for natural musk, the national treasury faces the depletion of natural musk resources and the artificial production of mussels, the company ' s access to musk resources is mainly through State rationing, artisanal farming, seed stocks, and farm run-off, among others.
State rations: The public treasury is allocated to only four varieties, of which one is a company ' s piece, and there are currently 13 enterprises that qualify for natural musk use (except those that use mussels, which are replaced by artificial mussels and are required to identify "artificial mussels" among the main ingredients of the drug).
The country has introduced strict regulations and quotas for natural musk, and has approved only the use of the natural musk quota provided by five pharmaceutical companies, such as the titanium, the concubine, the Shanghai Reyong industry, and the Suzhou Reyon medicine industry (the " Sixth Ox " ), and the Xiamen medicine factory (the " Tabdan " ).
Currently, organizations vary in the total annual quota data for the natural musk treasury, stating that the total annual quota is 1,200 kg, 500 kg and 200 kg, with a larger annual quota of 500 kg.2 Artisanal farming: the industry is expected to maintain an increase of more than 20 per cent.
The State has provided legal and policy guarantees for companies such as Tsai to increase their investment in the development of the forest herb production industry. In September 2018, the National Forestry Service issued a reply (No. 1713 of 2018) to the Recommendations for the Reform of the Management System of Natural Musk for Artificial Growing, which eliminates the limits on natural musk, according to “who invests, who owns, and who benefits.”
Incentives for the introduction of non-limits for the sale and use of natural mussels produced by artificial scavengers; and, at the same time, the de-licensing focus on the granting of permits for the production of scavengers in accordance with the law after expert verification, validation or determination by a professional certification body that they meet the relevant technical standards and standards.
In terms of social benefits, large-scale pharmaceutical companies have been introduced as a base for producing raw materials for the production of musk end-products, the radiation-induced industrial transformation of feed production, raw material processing, etc., has led to a doubling of economic benefits; the chain of end-product industries has been created, not only to create more jobs, but also to increase local government revenue collection.
It can also lead to higher incomes for poor and remote mountain farmers, with an average gain of about $10,000 per year on the head.