Treasure steel shares (600019.sh) q1 continue to rise in relation to the ring, looking forward to the realization of synergies after the merger Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
The company published its annual report for 2016, which achieved operating income of $18,546 million in 2016, an increase of 13.23 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of $8,97 million in the parent company, an increase of 849.33 per cent in the same year.
The Division disclosed the first quarterly report of 2017, which achieved operating income of $8.5 billion, an increase of 76.79 per cent over the same period; net profit of the parent company of $3.786 billion, an increase of 142.89 per cent over the same period, an increase of 12.41 per cent over the same period; performance of q1 continued to rise. Company q1 realized a net profit increase of 142.89 per cent over the same year.
Continued growth of 12.41% is the fifth consecutive quarter of the profit ring and the highest single-season profit in 12 years. q1 tons of steel net gain of $348 per tonne after considering the combination of steel and steel. In addition, q1 achieved a cost reduction of $2 billion compared to 2015, exceeding the annual target; and Q1 achieved an annual target in the first quarter.
The 16-year-old performance showed a significant increase in the ring ratio, maintaining that “the second-highest profit in the purchase of more than tons of steel, and the second-highest in the purchase of steel. For 2017, companies are expected to revalue, “buy in”
Achieving targets such as “business performance in the first ton of steel profits in the country, top three globally; cost reductions of over $6 billion; full profits from the Chanjiang steel; and a 6 per cent or more increase in the labour efficiency of the regular workforce”.
In February of this year, the stock of Bo-Seam completed the integration of the shares of Wu-Seong. After the merger, the company became the largest steel company in the country, ranking third in global crude steel production, third in automobile board production, and first in silicon production.
Together, work has begun on the 100-day plan, “Synergy digging.” According to the 17-year target, synergy is expected to exceed $1 billion. (Incl. taxes), which account for 51.77% of the net profits attributable to the parent shareholders in the consolidated statements.
The value still has a high level of upscaling space The downstream demand is not as high as expected, and the Chamjiang project is not as high as expected.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.