The silicone industry is growing in three quarters, silicon production is expanding rapidly, and the company published its third quarterly report in 2022, which generated business income of $2,596 million in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase.
Billion dollars, a loss of gain over the same period in the previous year. Three quarters, operating income of $950 million, an increase of 0.97 per cent in the same quarter, net profit from non-repatriation of $64 million, a gain of two consecutive quarters. The previous three quarters, gross profit from sales was 22.37 per cent, an increase of 7.64 pcts in the same period; net interest rate of 5.16 per cent, the same rate.
In the first three quarters and in the first quarter, the company recorded high growth rates, mainly due to the demand for downstream semiconductor products, and the company’s output, output and output.
In the case of profitability, the Māori rate for the first three quarters of the company rose by the same year, 23.3% for the first quarter of the third quarter, 7.02 pcts and 0.79 pcts for the same quarter;
The main semiconductor silicon supplier in the country, 300 mm of silicon production and output, has continued to rise. According to the report, the company's subsidiary, Shanghai, has accumulated over 5 million pieces, production capacity has been increasing, and monthly output has been increasing. The new Shanghai circuit has also completed a 300-million/month integration circuit with a 300-mm high-end silicone extension project.
In addition, the company raised $5 billion in shares from specific target groups to promote the construction of “300 mm high-end silicon production and advanced production projects” and “300mm high-end silicon-based material research and development pilot projects”.
The active expansion of 300 mm silicon can further strengthen the company’s business base and increase market access. Silicon production can be further enhanced below 200 mm, and the product structure is being optimized. According to the Central Report, the company’s son’s silicon production line has been expanded by 200 msoi silicon production line, with capacity raised from 30,000 silica/month to 40,000 silicon/month;
The subsidiary, Okmetic Finland, launched the 200mm semiconductor-specific silicon expansion project in Vantaa, Finland, to expand the capacity of 200mm semiconductor silicon silica silica silica silica silica silica silica silica silica silica silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
Market position in high-end segmentation areas such as power devices, radio-frequency filters and integrated non-source devices; The development and production of the insulation products of the film-lined material for the condensed silicon is progressing well, and some of the passenger drop-outs have been completed.
The company’s product structure continues to be optimized, it is more risk-resistant, and we are not sure we will be able to contribute to the company’s performance. The company’s capacity has expanded rapidly, and the Māori rate has risen significantly, taking into account the rising cost of research and development, maintaining the company’s profitability projections.
The Silicon Industry: A Shorter Net Profit Transfer, Rapid Expansion of Productive Capacity
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations