q3 high performance growth, semiconductor silicon taps leading to the replacement of national production 28 October 2022 Summary of events: On 25 October, the silicon industry published its three-quarter 2022 report.
Realization of 2,596 million yuan, or +46.90 per cent; realization of maternity net profit of 126 million yuan, or +25.12 per cent; realization of non-mortality net profit of 89 million yuan, or loss of profit. For 3q22 alone, the company achieved a high rate of growth in its quarterly performance, with a significant impact. The company ' s 12 inches of silicon production could reach the end of 2021.
\triangleright net profit for the mother is $64 million, and the ring is going up 125.03% higher than the high speed. The company’s performance continues to grow at a rapid rate, mainly as a result of the continuous upswing in the company’s productive capacity and the loss of net profit from non-repatriation for the second quarter of a row.
The s010521120004 shows that the firm ' s scale effect has already been demonstrated and that future performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. \triangleright
At the end of the first half of the year, the company's 12 inches of silicon has accumulated more than 5 million pieces, and monthly shipments have been innovative. In response to a strong domestic demand for semiconductor silicon self-controllable silicon silicon, the company seized historic opportunities and expanded its production of 12, 1.
Q: q2 is a profit, the profit point is now 2022/inches semiconductor silicon, the largest volume of 12 inches of semiconductor silicon in the country, and the full coverage of applications such as logic, storage, image sensors (cis) is a strong safeguard for the country.
In addition, in the first half of 2022, the company completed 300,000 new films/monthly series.
Open circuits are financed by a 12-inch high-end silicon expansion project and are expected to contribute to the expansion project, leading national production at speeds of 2022/04/13 3. Silicon industry-u (688126) depth report: national production half-guided
In the first half of the year, at the Car Code level, silicon silicon pieces of 8 inches and below are the main products of the silicon subsidiary Shanghai \triangleright and Finland's kmetic.
In the face of high demand in the areas of semiconductors, industrial semiconductors, etc., the company activated 8 inches of semiconductors and below 10,000 pieces per month; Okmetic started a new round of expansion of the niche silicon market for 8 inches of semiconductors. In addition, both companies continued to optimize the product structure by removing bottlenecks and improving production efficiency, 8 inches and so on.
The following silicons are expected to contribute to a sustained improvement in the performance of companies. Investment proposals: to maintain a “recommended” rating, taking into account fair value change gains and losses, such as transactional financial assets held by companies, in place of the national production of semiconductor silicon, leading the national production of semiconductor silicons.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.