Medium- and Far-Sea Energy (600026) Transport high point in oil transport markets and improved efficiency in foreign trade operations
In the first half of 2023, the Middle and Far Seas Energy (MEW) published semi-annual reports, and as of 30 June 2023, the group had 154 tankers with a combined capacity of 2.242 million tons. In the first half of 2023, 86.169,000 tons of traffic (excluding lease) were achieved, a decrease of 3.3 per cent compared to the same period; and 26.739 billion tons of transport turnover (excluding lease) were achieved.
• Taking advantage of high-level opportunities in the international oil transport market, optimizing the global deployment of routes, and improving the efficiency of the foreign-trade tanker fleet. The volume of crude oil transport trade remained high in the first half of 2023, with the increase in the number of routes derived mainly from Russian exports to Asia, long-range European imports, and Chinese imports (especially from the Atlantic Ocean)
According to kpler data, the global average shipping distance for crude oil increased by about 5% by the same year in the first half of 2023, with Russian crude oil exports increasing by 37% by the same year, bringing about a significant increase in transport demand for Suez and Avra. The flow of finished oils to the same sustained and structured processes.
According to the kpler data, the global shipping distance for finished oils increased by about 4% in the first half of 2023; the export distance for Russian finished oils increased by 85% in the same year; the import distance for European Union finished oils increased by 25% in the same year, supporting the demand for lr and mr-type transport.
This compares with an increase of 81.3 per cent in the same year, and an increase of 67 per cent in the same year of 1.290 billion yuan in the production of oil products from foreign trade. Recovering, the crude oil transport market has generally experienced a steady rise.
In the first half of 2023, there was a gradual recovery in the domestic consumption of finished oils, but overall pressure on the domestic market for the transport of finished oils was felt during the first half of the year, as a result of the increasingly balanced distribution of domestic refineries, the gradual replacement of traditional northern southern shipments with near digestion, and the impact of the development of new sources of energy on diesel consumption.
Crude oil yields 1.73 billion yuan, an increase of 12 per cent over the same period, domestic finished oil revenues of 1.280 billion yuan, and profit forecasts and investment proposals: we see a number of factors influencing the high price elasticity of the foreign-trade oil transport market, public strength and a sense of development confidence (2023-02-04).
2. Medium- and Far-Sea Energy (600026): oil tanker recovery elastic 3. Medium- and Far-Sea Energy (600026): Internal Trade and Trade Guarantee
(a) Camp efficiency, which provides elasticity in the performance of oil shipments from foreign trade (2022-09-05). The annual volume of crude oil vlcc from foreign trade was 46, 46 and 46, respectively;
Assumption 2: The global supply of oil tankers is tightened and the recovery of demand is expected to push up the price of the tankers, taking into account the scenario of the tanker market. Assumption 3: The projected number of days of operation of the crude oil tankers for foreign trade is 350, taking into account the duration of the tanker repairs each year. Assumption 4: The market for the transport of crude oil, finished oil, within companies is more stable, taking into account the expansion of the production capacity of China's refineries.
We expect to maintain a certain rate of increase in revenues from the transport of crude oil and finished oils within the country, while taking into account developments in the first half of 23 years, Noone has received no direct or indirect compensation for, and will not receive, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.