Agricultural Bank (601288): 1-quarter review in 2021 The negative rate of decline & recovery in the provision coverage incident: Agricultural Bank operating income of $194,452 million in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of 4.15 per cent;
The net profit of 65,861 million yuan, an increase of 2.61 per cent over the previous year, corresponds to 0.18 dollars per share. The total net profit of the research assistant Tau Chul Air industry increased by 1.5 per cent over the same period, and we believe that the performance of agricultural banks is in line with market expectations.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Agricultural banks perform relatively well in comparable counterparts during the first quarter, and while the pressure of net interest differentials in State-owned banks has led to slower income growth, non-interest income from agricultural banks has grown significantly better than that of their counterparts. In addition, asset quality advantages have been maintained, and the negative rate of downside + provision coverage has been maintained.
And the current valuation is close to the bottom of history, and we look forward to a strong recovery. We expect the agricultural banks to grow their assets & liabilities: the size of public loans has expanded, with deposits growing robustly, but with lower life expectancy.
More quickly, loans and peer assets are the main driving force. (i) Total loans continue to grow at a higher rate than at the beginning of the quarter. In addition, the discounting of instruments has been reduced, with credit lines concentrated mainly on loans, largely in line with counterparts; (ii) peer assets have increased significantly by 18.3 per cent from the beginning of the period, mainly by buying back money.
In comparable trades, but the share of current deposits is between 1.8 pct and 53.4 per cent, down by a small margin, and a quarter is a time of intense competition where state-owned banks actively market time deposit products to attract customers, and therefore the share of current deposits is generally lower than it is. We believe that deep-deep, widely accessible agricultural banks will be at the end of the debt line in the future.
In addition, there has been a contraction in the size of other types of liabilities, where the share of interest-sensitive liabilities has been reduced slightly, and the ratio of deposits has been raised, in a way that smooths and resists the cost of indebtedness, compared with the environment in which market interest rates have been raised this year.
Annual Report: What's the reason for the net difference in interest? 2021-03-31 Agricultural Bank net interest income increased by 4.8 per cent on the same calibre for the first quarter, although the net difference was not disclosed.
However, through the relevant interest-bearing asset line and the net income estimate for interest, it is expected that the net interest difference in one quarter will be higher than in the three-quarters of the year: a strong provision with a low quarterly repricing; and (ii) a relatively low interest rate ratio of public and micro-credit.
We judge that the rate of cost of the interest-bearing debt has remained relatively stable during the quarter, and that, despite the optimal overall debt structure, the ratio of deposits has risen, the proportion of current deposits has fallen. Looking to the city, we judge that the net difference in the state-owned highways is expected to be stable, rising in the second half of the year, mainly due to new developments.
Overall, we suggest that there should be reasonable optimism about the future trend of net interest differentials in state-owned banks.
The net income from fees and commissions increased by 12.2 per cent in the quarter, a significant recovery from 2.2 per cent in the year 2020 and a marked improvement over that of colleagues. As a result of the increase in bank card charges, fees and commissions increased by 73.9 per cent in the year, but fees and commissions increased by 17.8 per cent in the same year.
Business, as well as trust operations such as funds, treasury, etc., showed a significant increase in income in the first quarter, while indicators such as settlement and liquidation fees, bank card charges, etc., which had negative growth in the last year due to the epidemic, were also expected to warm up during the year. Non-interest income other than fees fell by 7.5% in the same quarter, delaying the increase in total income.
At the end of the expenditure: the cost-earner ratio is down, and the credit-depreciation margin remains relatively stable. The agricultural bank’s cost-earning ratio is 22.35% in the first quarter, and 0.40 pct in the next quarter, and we expect the company to continue this year.
The strength of the plan has remained stable, although it has also resulted in a year-on-year net profit increase of less than the rate of 1.2 pct per quarter of the year. The failure rate has declined, the provision for coverage has been tightened, and asset quality pressures are expected to improve gradually throughout the year.
By 264.61%, the risk countervailing capacity is sufficiently strong. We believe that, at this point, agricultural banks’ asset quality and risk countervailing capacity are ahead of their peers.
NDI rate = (net increase in non-performing loans + write-off regulations)
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board