Events: On the evening of 25 April, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2019, during which it achieved operating income of 57,011 million yuan, a decrease of 9.48 per cent in comparison with the previous period; total profits, China ' s Shunhua (6,1088.sh)
\triangleright Small drops in coal prices, coupled with increased costs, have led to a decline in plate profits. \Since the mine disaster in the Kyogi area, the company Guo Jia Bay and Qinglong Temple fell in the first quarter of 2019, and the company produced 71.5 million tons of coal (Yoy-0.8%) in the first quarter of 2019.
There has been a slight decline in sales of 105 million tons (youy-3.0%). The annual and monthly annual annual annual annual sales of coal, 51 million tons (yoy5.2%) and 42.9 million tons (yoy10.3%), respectively, have increased by 48.5% and 40.8%, compared to the same period in 18 years, and by 4.8 and 4.9 percentage points respectively, and the combined sales of coal by companies in one quarter have increased by 7.4% over 18 years, accounting for about 89.3% of total sales of coal, and again over the year 2018 level.
Zhou Jie Research Assistant has increased by 7 percentage points, with a high percentage of COA’s coal support plate performance stable. In terms of coal prices, the company’s coal spot price dropped by a quarter to $369 per ton (Yoy-8.7%) less than the monthly COA coal price of $471 per ton (Yoy-11.6%) and increased extraction from open coal mines such as Halo.
The impact of the increase in electricity consumption in coal production by Wang Chimin Research Assistant and the Inner Mongolia Region, where the cost of producing the company ' s own coal unit increased by 2.4 per cent over the same period, as a whole, the fall in corporate coal production, the fall in coal prices and the increase in cost resulted in a small decline in the profitability of the plate, but the share of coal in the company ' s president ' s agreement has steadily increased, and the ratio of coal in China ' s association with the market has steadily increased.
The price twin-track system has stabilized the coal price hub, and we expect that in 2019 the coal price hub will probably be running at a high rate, and that in the long run, with the return to normal production of open-air mines such as Harusil, company-owned coal costs are expected to decline further, and coal plates will remain more profitable. > Coal prices will fall and will be sold at higher prices, while power plates will remain superior to good-quality assets.
Assessment: Coalheads with a strong cash flow and a strong and well-selected integrated power supply. In January 2019, the company paid for the cut-off of the Fire and Power Assets with the joint national electricity company, which reduced the capacity of the power plate by 30,83 million kW to 31,119 kW; Quiz, 208101 China (601088) Tri-quarter reporting point, 2018
In 18 years, 317 yuan/megawatt hours were increased by 1.89 per cent, with an average cost of 261.5 yuan/megawatt hours (Yoy-0.6 per cent), lower cost of coal, higher price of electricity, public comment: the integration poles performed well and the company’s cash flow was strong for the future Division’s power plate maintained the advantage of high-quality assets. The combination offsets the former power plate’s revenue of 15.53 billion yuan (Yoy27.9 per cent), the Māori rate of 23.8 per cent, compared to 23.8 per cent.
A 2.9 percentage point increase over the same period of 18 years. In addition, a joint venture was formed during the first quarter of the year and the revenues and costs associated with the financing of the assets were no longer consolidated into the company's statement, the company increased its long-term equity investment in the joint venture and subsequently measured its investment returns for the first quarter of the year in accordance with the equity law, amounting to 1,324 million yuan, up from 18 years
Itd is 1,275 million yuan long, of which 1,121 million yuan is invested in assets and 128 million yuan is invested in assets.
Ports and ports have developed in tandem with vertical integration, and coal sections have performed well. Corporate railways, ports, and shipping operations have generated $9.65 billion, 1,369 million, $752 million, or 4.5 per cent, 6.1 per cent, and revenue and Māori have increased by 5.5 per cent and 1.2 percentage points, respectively, over the same period.
Corporate performance, combined vertical integration and development of shipping routes, will further demonstrate the company’s combined strength. Debt ratios continue to decline, and cash cow attributes increase. \triangleright
Net cash flows generated amounted to $23,631 million, representing an increase of 81.2 per cent over the same period of 18 years of $13,044 million. Interest income on deposits increased during the first quarter, resulting in a decrease of 45.3 per cent in the company ' s financial costs during the first quarter, while the current rate of 40 per cent of corporate dividends and cash or other cash assets on the books was about 120 billion, with further decline in interest-bearing debt, the company ' s projected capital expenditure in 2019 was $27.1 billion, the company ' s cash flow was robust and sound, and we expect interest to be covered by future operating cash flows.
Prospectives and ratings for profits: taking into account the company’s joint venture to form a power company, the reduction in power loads, and the impact on the company’s overall performance, but with the strong operational advantages of corporate integration, the integrated vertical business model, the synergies between corporate coal, electricity and transport plates are emerging in the larger context of high-coal price shocks and corporate profitability.
Capacity remained robust, maintaining the company's “growth” rating; risk factors: lower than expected macroeconomics and higher than expected coal prices; and security implications of corporate mining.
Toming Zhok, a Ph.D. from the China Mining University (Beijing), a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, a member of the Chinese expert bank for business auditing and auditing, and a former deputy director of the Industry Advisory Office of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and research in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Research, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, and in June 2016, the Union Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal industry.
Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering of the China Mining University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal sector. Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering of the General Coal Science Research Institute, Master of Business and Industry Management of the Chinese People’s University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal industry.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.