Corporate performance bulletins issued in the first quarter of 19 years, yielding 57.01 billion yuan (Yoy-95 per cent) in one quarter, resulting in a net profit of $12.59 billion (Yoy-plus 8.2 per cent) to the mother, yielding a return of $0.63 per share, were largely in line with expectations.
Assets are sold, coal prices are reduced and the profits from electricity generation are higher, investment returns are recognized and gains and losses on fair values are higher. Corporate profitability is stable, 19-year performance is growing steadily, and the “buy-in” rating is maintained in conjunction with the current valuation.
Million tons, yoy-3.0 per cent, average sales price of $411 per ton (excluding taxes), yoy-6.6 per cent, coal sub-units have achieved revenues of $44.460 billion, yoy-8.9 per cent, influenced by a decline in sales and purchasing prices from the outside, and the coal sub-sub-sub-sector Māori ratio increased by 0.7 to 28.6 per cent on the same basis.
It is worth noting that the share of annual and monthly sales of higher prices per company unit increased by 3.8 and 4.9 percentage points over the same period, while the share of spot sales of lower unit prices declined to some extent to ease the downward pressure on coal prices.
Establishment of a joint venture, where the division of fire and electricity assets contributed to an increase in investment returns: the joint venture between the company and the national electricity and electricity co-group, with 49 per cent of the shares held by the company, the shares and assets of the company were cut off on 31 January of this year, the portion of the cut was no longer included in the financial statements, and the related proceeds were recorded in the Investment Gains Section.
This has affected the total generation of electricity over the period of the power generation division, which increased by 1.9 to 323 yuan/megawatt hours, while the cost of generating electricity fell by 0.6 to 261.5 yuan/megawatts per year, and the Māori rate for the power generation division increased by 2.9 to 23.8 per cent per year, bringing Māori to 3.58 billion.
The performance of the transport and chemical panels is stable: the company's own rail transport turnover, the quantity of coal in the port, the volume of shipping cargo is 6.78 billion tons, 62.1 million tons, and 26.4 million tons.
In the coal industry, the sales of polyethylene and polypropylene a quarter were 95,000 tons, 92,000 tons, yoy + 3.7 per cent, + 11.8 per cent, and the coal division achieved Māori 40 million and yoy + 11.0 per cent sales.
Delayed, overall year-round coal production or less than expected, subside pressure on coal prices; (2) full recombination of the Sharuzin open-air mine with the same incremental output of the Bozheele coal mine in 19 years, with the company maintaining a small increase in coal production throughout the year; and (3) a large line for rail transport from yellow to Shandong.
In the mill, with a capacity of 40 million tons, or 224 kilometres, traffic is expected in the second half of 19 to facilitate increased coal sales, leading to an increase in the performance of the transport sector; (4) in 19-20, several companies were able to build and build, and the power sector continued to increase its profitability.
The company’s performance in 19 years will therefore be judged to be growing steadily. Profit forecasts: lower operating income, taking into account asset fragmentation, and lower coal prices, chinaresearchdept.
Figure: Average Coal Power Price Index Data source: Choice, Bonded Securities Collapse, Report prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. Investments and investment services provided by Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.