The company recently published the three-quarterly report for 2019, with operating income of $8.62 billion in the previous three quarters, representing an increase of 4.3 per cent over the previous three quarters.
A single-quarter revenue of $2.79 billion was realized, an increase of 4.3 per cent over the same period; a net return to the mother of $360 million was achieved, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period; a net profit of $410 million was realized, an increase of 17.9 per cent over the same period; sales and administration fees were reduced and cost structures were rationalized.
One of the reasons for the decrease in sales costs is the withdrawal of the 15 million quality deductions that were pre-inscribed to sales costs, and the conversion of 15 million sales costs to management costs resulting from the transformation of the US sales company into a platform management company.
Even so, management costs have decreased on a year-on-year basis, reflecting the company’s management capacity. Refrigeration air-conditioning plates have grown steadily, with a significant increase in the volume of steam zero. q1-q3 real operating income and net gains of $23.5 million and $281 million, respectively, for refrigeration plates, with an increase of 1.5 per cent and 1.2 per cent, respectively.
The microchannel q3 has grown well, benefiting from the impact of open-source currents, with a significant increase in the three quarters of the year, a slight increase in the first half of the year, a flat three quarters of the year and an increase in profits, while the Avico consolidation remains less than ideal and is expected to continue to suffer losses during the year.
New energy zero orders entered the harvest season. New energy sales in January-September 2019 were 43%, and q3 was two points higher than the next one. In new energy orders, hand-held orders have reached $14 billion over the life cycle, with a high probability of 16 billion at the end of the year, with orders coming from domestic and foreign customers, domestic Biadi, Jili, upper and north, the country.
External public, Daimler, Volvo, BMW, U.S. companies, common customers, etc.
Quarterly Māori rate has improved significantly, and São São São Paulo (002050) depth report - home
Power and steam zero double-wheel drive, new-energy vehicles, tri-channel (002050) review report, tri-channel (002050) review report.
Liu Wei Ho, Master of Business Administration at Nakayama University, Industrial Design at Zhejiang University, Bachelor of Science in Computers.