Quarterly Performance Review, 2019, Recommended (first coverage) Performance Increases in line with expectations, Refrigeration and Zero Operations Double Drivers
28 October 2019 Event: 3-quarterly report of 2019 published by the company, with 2,790 million yuan in revenues from the company 2019q3, an increase of 429 per cent over the same period; to Wei Hongmei
The net profit of the mother was $363 million, an increase of 4.91 per cent in the same year, and the non-net profit of the parent deduction was 17.91 per cent in the same year. Performance in the third quarter was higher than expected and net profit gains of the non-mortality were higher than expected.
Growth of 4.91 per cent, ring growth of 3.62 percentage points over 2019q2, net profit not attributable to the mother and increase over the same period
One billion yuan, or 1 to 2 per cent more than in the same year. Corporate zero operations achieved 764 million revenues, or 10.64 per cent more than in the same year; and 2019q3 generated about 440 million yuan, or 21 per cent more than in the same year, significantly higher than the 10.64 per cent increase reported in the same year, with 2019q3 zero profits exceeding $80 million, which is similar to the increase in income.
The new performance indicator for air conditioners is expected to improve the air conditioner cooling operations, and the new energy zero operations are expected to be phased out.1 In the context of the new performance target for air conditioners, the level 5 energy efficiency standard was introduced by 2022; from 2022, the level 3 energy efficiency standard, i.e., level 4 and level 5 air conditioners, will be phased out from 2022 onwards and will be fully phased out.
The increase in frequency will become a trend in air conditioning, with the company-owned electrical refrigeration operations expected to be combined with the upgrading of air conditioning structures, with the company-owned electronic expansion valves accounting for more than half of the global market, with higher energy efficiency standards and increased penetration of the change frequency air, and given the important role of the electronic expansion valves in upgrading the energy efficiency indicators of the converted frequency air conditioners,
The replacement of traditional valves, such as heat-inflating valves and caps, will accelerate, and the penetration of electronic expansion valves is expected to increase significantly in the country (currently less than 30 per cent of the global air-conditioning electro-inflated valves), and the sales and profitability of companies' refrigeration operations are expected to rise.
The company of origin, which now has orders from the public, Daimler, BMW, Ody, psa, Jaguar, Road Tiger, etc., has a number of new energy platforms in the country, mainly Gilly, Biadei, Upper Gas, which are equipped with water coolers, chillers, valves, pumps, assembly products, etc.
A bicycle package is worth $5,000. The recent addition of US General Motors Electronic Pumps is close to 1 billion orders. The Māori rate and net interest rate have both improved. The Māori rate and net interest rate split were sold by q3 in 2019 because of better cost controls at the company, integration of refrigeration systems and a zero-boil upgrade of the product.
The first three quarters cost 13.65%, an increase of 1.13 percentage points over the previous year, and the investment proposal: first coverage, recommended rating. The new air-conditioning capability for enhanced air-conditioning refrigeration was improved by a depth 300 index, the “market index” reference point for this rating system.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.