And the next city, the new energy source is ordering more than 10 billion-three billion dollars-three million-dollar smart-control events.
The company issued a public announcement on 13 November 2019 stating that the full-fledged subsidiary had been identified as a global exclusive supplier of the Bev3 battery cooling component and various heat management valves on a global strategic motor vehicle platform, with an estimated cumulative sales value of nearly RMB 2 billion over a six-year life cycle.
The General Bev3 platform will be launched in 2021, with an expected 200 million more revenue, and a new generation of electric vehicle platforms - bev3 - announced at the General Investors Conference in New York in early 2019, aimed at supporting the R & D team with a high degree of flexibility in designing the development process and responding quickly to consumers.
Market value in circulation (millions): Demand. The platform will be imported into the country to benefit from the demand dividend of the domestic market for new energy vehicles. The platform is currently in the process of being tendered and will become operational in 2021.
Each year, as the platform comes into operation, it will grow by 200 million dollars, raising the company’s revenues by about 1.6 pct. The combined company announcement in September revealed a generic order of 1 billion yuan dollars for an electronic pump, with a combined order of 3 billion yuan for three flowers, which will be released gradually over a six-year life cycle.
With more than 10 billion new energy orders in hand and more certainty in performance growth, companies began to harvest huge new energy orders in 2017: 1) strategic partnerships have been established with Tesla, exclusive supply of models/x (mono-package value of $200), model3/y (single)
The Tesla Shanghai factory was built at the end of October, and as the model3/y rolls out, Tesla's operations will grow rapidly and become an important link in the growth of triple-flower performance; 2) cooperation with the entire international fleet, including Daimler Electronics.
Three-quarterly review of the National Dollar Securities* Study: Water Pump Order ($1.5 + million), BMW Management Component Order ($230 million), Volvo Water Coldboard Award, Zero Fire Management Futures, with continued benefits for Tesla’s national production*
Automobile parts* are filled with spare parts like Pon*20191025 million and spare parts orders such as general-purpose electronic pumps ($3 billion). Combined, the rise of new energy vehicles has now led to a huge leap in the value of the auto heat management system and a huge increase in the value of bicycles.
The importance of heat management systems has increased further, and the three-pronged approach to new energy trends has moved into the international mainstream of new energy supply chains for new drivers and drivers, with the simultaneous growth of new energy sources and certainty of performance growth.
High, driven by zero-breeding operations, the overall corporate elasticity is further enhanced. This leads us to predict that the company Xue Rain and Ice, which sells downstream cars less than expected, and that the new energy heat management system does not penetrate as much as expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.