On December 12, the company issued an announcement identifying it as a supplier of BMW clar/faar-we, two main platforms, with the Etxv project as the global sole supplier and the Chiller+exv project as the sole supplier in China.
The company is the leading player in the global cooling control component, and now accounts for 87% of the household power business, which is growing steadily, and is increasingly tied to large customers.
The market for electronic expansion valves, quadrants for valves, electromagnetic valves, and omega pumps, among others, is a global leader. The 13% share of the zero-breeding orders is fully available, providing an engine for performance growth over the next five years.
1. "Stable performance, expected to spread all over the steam zero business -  Heat-inflated valves, electro-inflated valves, electron pumps, oil coolers, water coolers, batteries, voltage 2. "Stable performance, home-based cash cows, zero steam. "
Products such as blocks, worth about $2,000; and exclusive supply of models/x electron expansion valves. Model3 nationalization accelerates the growth of corporate performance, and the demonstration effect of the Tesla industrial chain is favourable to companies expanding product types (one-size-fits-all) and further developing high-quality customers.
One-quarter Maori pressure, business cash flow changes, and a fleet of steam zeros, with nearly 16 billion orders in hand. With an absolutely leading car expansion valve, the company entered the main electric vehicle supply system in Europe and America: one of the most difficult to access, BMW supply chain, unique.
Domestic supply clar/faar-we platform, with a total sales value of about 600 million over the life cycle and about 2 billion over the estimated annual life cycle of the relevant vehicle model. The company currently holds nearly 16 billion orders and has a guaranteed performance.
Car-market downturn: declining growth in the domestic electricity sector: new energy vehicles are not growing as expected: commercial refrigeration pioneers are not doing as expected; refrigeration product markets are falling; exchange rate fluctuations; market sales are not as high as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment