{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}Teasla benefits from his performance.
During the first three quarters of 2019, the company achieved an operating income of 8,621 million yuan, an increase of 4.3 per cent over the same period, and a net return profit of 1,056 million yuan, an increase of 3.2 per cent over the same period.
In the first three quarters of 2019, the company ' s net profit on revenue and return to the mother continued to grow, with high client structure and performance growth stable. In the first half of the year, the company ' s Māori ratio was 28.74%, a 0.4 percentage point increase over the first quarter, and a 0.45 percentage point increase in the net profit ring over the second quarter. We believe that the main driver of growth in the company ' s performance is a package.
Includes: 1) high client structure, good cash flow, and sufficient new orders; 2) sustained benefits from Tesla ' s domestic production; 3) increased share of new energy automobiles in zero, with a gradual increase in the Māori ratio; 4) higher company cost of 13.65 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019, representing an increase of 1.13 percentage points in comparison, mainly due to an increase of 1.13 percentage points.
(i) Increased human costs and research and development inputs result in increased management costs, and (ii) lower exchange rate earnings result in higher financial costs. Corporate operating cash flows increased by 101 per cent in the previous three quarters of the year, mainly as a result of increased sales back-to-back funds, and cash flows from financing activities decreased by $610 million in the same year, mainly as a result of a net increase in borrowing.
The domestic electricity industry is at a downside risk, and new energy cars are sold at a lower rate than expected.
"Attached Autobots" 3x10: Three Flowers, Zero BMW, Global Market Extension" 3x10
Continuing improvements in automobile operations and improved profitability
Xu Jialine, the author of the Institute's sales team, has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.