3x50 company review report, zero heat management, and Tesla's national production continue to benefit.
The company issued its third quarterly report on 25 October 2019. Of the $8,621 million in operating income in the first three quarters, the company collected $2,789 million in the third quarter, an increase of 4.12 per cent in the same year; and the net return to the mother was $363 million, an increase of 4.68 per cent in the same year.
The Māori rate has risen, the repayments have increased, and the Stable Company has been operating at a rate of 13.65 per cent for the fourth quarter of the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 1.13 pct over the same period last year.
Net growth of 101.1 per cent over the same period was mainly the result of an increase in sales back-to-back, amounting to 1,127 million yuan.q3 costs fell, Māori rose, profitability increased by RMB 1 billion, an increase of 4.68 per cent over the same period. 29.64 per cent of corporate Māori in the three quarters alone, up from the same period last year.
With 1.05 per cent, we believe that the increase in corporate profitability is influenced by two factors: 1) company time-cost controls have been effective, with a rate of 12.47 per cent in the third quarter, down 0.71 pct from the previous period. 2) The company has significantly expanded the global mainstream of new energy vehicles and is now successful in gaining access to the general public, Daimler, BMW, Volvo,
Audi, psa, Jaguar, Lugger, etc., new energy platform orders; in the country there are mainly Gilly, Biadei, upper steam, etc., with water coolers, chillers, valves, pumps, assembly products, etc.
The heat management system is an essential part of a new energy vehicle, and Tesla's production is very profitable.
The core engine of the car, which controls it within a reasonable temperature range, improves efficiency: the value of the new energy car heat management is expected to hit $7,000. The company, as the engine of the new energy car heat management, is Xue Rain Ice.
With the future growth of orders from major mainframe plants and the establishment of a factory in Tesla Shanghai, the downstream sale of cars has fallen short of expectations, and the new energy heat management system has failed to penetrate expectations. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.