The company expects to achieve the harvest in the third quarter of 2021.
In the first half of the year, the company invested $1,007 million, an increase of 115.72 per cent over the previous year, mainly because the company had significantly increased its investment in technology and technology. The company’s total production of photovoltaic silicon was growing in the first half of the year, and g12 silicon production was sold.
By the end of June 2021, the production capacity of the company's semiconductor, photovoltaic materials, had risen by more than 55 per cent to 70gw, with a 110 per cent increase in the same size. In the first half of 2021, g12 silicon films had market penetration rates.
From 6 per cent to 15 per cent at the beginning of the year, the company ' s market share in g12 silicone was over 90 per cent, and the single crystal product master product (COMO) project at 50gw (g12) for solar-scale single crystalline silicone material intelligence plant (Ningxia Mid-Ring Six) was expected to move in equipment in the fourth quarter of the year and to become fully operational in 2023.
The production capacity of the company g12 single crystal silicon is expected to be continuously upgraded in the future, and the g12 silicon production capacity is maintained in the industry. Semiconductor operations are accelerating, and industry is continuing to optimize production efficiency at 4.0 per cent.
The silicon a-product rate continues to rise, silicon material use is improved, and the unit-product Māori ratio is improved. As the company initiates the construction of the new factory in Tianjin and accelerates the implementation of the Jiangsu Yi-Hing II project, capacity will expand rapidly, gradually reaching 1.1 million metres per month, 8 inches per month, 12 inches per month, 6 inches and below.
The industry ' s 4.0 production approach has been applied to the company ' s industrial plates, processes and operating scenes, with a significant increase in per capita labour productivity, higher product quality and consistency, better consumption of raw materials and capital consumption, sustained reductions in plant operating costs, and higher costs.
Profits from the thick manufacturing end, better absorbing the adverse effects of the rise in raw material prices in the previous three quarters, support the public sector’s high growth performance. The company’s new investment projects in Tianjin and Jiangsu Hing City are well under way, and will in the future contribute to the acceleration of corporate semiconductor operations.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.