The net assets of shareholders are 21.490 billion yuan, up 11.9 per cent from the beginning of the year, and the company’s profitability continues to improve. Billion dollars, up 141.8 per cent from the same year, up 12.4 per cent from the same year, and $1.28 billion from the same year.
316.1% with 36.5% growth in the ring, and high growth in the two main industries, the photovoltaic plates and semiconductor plates. Although the first three quarters of the year were influenced by the imbalance in supply and demand of the industry supply chain and rising raw materials prices, cost pressures were passed on to the various links in the industry chain, to some extent affecting the development of end demand, companies turned through the product structure.
High performance growth has been achieved through initiatives such as technological advances to increase product productivity, maintain good supply chain partnerships, and scale up semiconductor operations. g12 products have increased rapidly in size and have become better structured.
The advantage is that the larger size is conducive to reducing unit processing costs for components and key components, and is an important direction of industrial progress. The company’s g12 product has been scaled up faster, the product structure has been transformed smoothly, taking advantage of the g12 product’s differential advantage, easing the cost pressures of downstream customers, and enhancing its competitiveness.
The scale of g12 products continued to increase at the end of the end of the 21st year of the Xingxia medium-cycle project. In line with the established strategy, the company accelerated the pace of planning g12 for capacity-building, leading the largest single-body solar-scale monocrysilica investment project in the industry - 50gw (g12) The solar-grade monocrystal silicon material intelligence plant (Ningxia medium-cycle six) project is well under way and is expected to be in progress by the end of 2021
The production of semiconductor materials has grown rapidly, with sales of major products rising by more than 90%. Corporate semiconductor materials production has continued to grow in size, with 8-12 inches of polishing, extended output accelerating, and production and sales increasing by 90%.
By the end of the third quarter of 2021, the company had a monthly production capacity of 86.5 million pieces, 12 pounds.
100,000 inches, small new layout extension and 8 inches of new products; monthly production capacity is expected to be achieved by the end of 2021, with 8.7 million inches and 1/270,000 inches.
The corporate sector has developed a certain technical advantage, and the equity incentive programme has given new impetus to corporate development, and looks forward to the company's future. For the first time, the company has been given an “enhanced” rating.
A securities investment advisory business is an activity in which the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants provide securities investors or customers with information, analysis, prediction or advice on the investment of securities, as well as direct or indirect charges for services.
The data used are from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be unique.