Launching of the Quality Return Double-up program, contributing to the distribution of the Lithium Resource on March 02, 2024.
Nguyen Xiaoyan, research assistant Hu Jinjun : On the evening of 1 March, the company issued a programme of action entitled “Stand-up of qualitative returns”, the main measures being:
(i) Continue to pursue a development strategy of “upstream, middle-stream and downstream”; (ii) accelerate the pace of technological transition and create a platform for intellectual excellence; (iii) maintain the spirit of craftsmanship and continuously improve the core competitiveness of the Department; (iv) continuously improve the quality of information disclosure and efficiently communicate corporate values;
• Continue to harden the upstream lithium resource layout, and consolidate the leadership of lithium resources. The company also deploys high-quality lithium mining resources for hard rock and salt lake lithium, in order to hold the wholly-owned subsidiary of Venfield, Telison.
The Sichuan Yajiang Tsola mine, owned by Greenbush and held by the company, is a resource base and, by investing part of its shares in the som and Zabuye lithium industries, has further expanded the strategic layout of the high-quality salt lake lithium mineral resources both within and outside the country, and the company is now 100% self-sufficient in lithium resources.
On the basis of publicly available information from the companies concerned, the company’s available resources for Greenbush mine amounted to 416 by the end of 2023.
Tens of thousands of lce (26 per cent of interest), 510,000 tons of equity (80 per cent of interest), 2.39 million tons of metal lithium (22 per cent of interest) in Atacama Salt Lake and 360,000 tons of equity (20 per cent of interest) in Zabuye Salt Lake, total
In the future, companies will continue to pursue the idea of a globalized industry that will provide more security for companies’ long-term resource-sustainability capacity. Focusing on increasing productive capacity and steadily moving forward with project construction in an orderly manner.
There are currently five production-in-progress and two construction-in-progress or planned projects for the production of lithium chemical products. In this regard, on 21 December 2023, the Su Ningan housing plant confirmed the production of a product that meets the battery-grade lithium carbonate standard; lithium hydroxide products produced in Quinana, Australia, have been delivered
In addition to the declared planned capacity of lithium chemical products, the two will total more than 140,000 tonnes in the future. In the future, the company will continue its established business model of “vertical integration”, which will be implemented steadily in line with market conditions.
The company will develop strategic partnerships with top- or bottom-up firms in the value chain. The company will be entitled " Lithium Tian Qian " (002466): running steady, lithium prices.
Continue the strategic deployment of new energy materials in the new energy value chain and their downside performance, including solid-state batteries.
Cooperation in operations such as battery recycling, focusing on investment in electric vehicles and storage applications, active participation in downstream investment layouts, failure of the lithium industry (002466); performance in the new battery applications to make better use of lithium.
Three major financial forecasting tables for the Lithium Tin Qi industry. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.