New growth dynamics are strong, building core competitiveness, banks, stock-based banks, ii, three business cards, and growth dynamics are strong. Companies are pushing at the heart of the comptoir + investment strategy.
The transition has been scaled up from "Big Investment Bank, Big Capital, Big Wealth" to "Calcular, Investment, Exchangeable" banking, with a focus on green banks, wealth banks, investment banks, three business cards, a clear path to reform, a stable strategy, and a strong future growth dynamic.
The two-track approach, in line with the structural transformation of our economy, is leading the country's domestic banks and is conducive to leveraging its own resource endowments to translate its previously accumulated customer resources and investment capacity into tangible economic benefits.
The transition has been very effective, moving towards integrated light banking. (1) The comptoir + investment campaign was very effective. By the end of June 2022, the company had reached $7.65 trillion. Of this, the non-financing balance was $3.44 trillion. The four “greater than” were kept, “light capital, light assets,”
The efficiency of the transition has been demonstrated. (2) The size of the wealth management asset, the income from the management of the business, the size of the bank's financial custodians have remained industry-wide in the third place. In the first half of the year, 12.634 billion yuan was collected for the processing of the wealth banking business, an increase of 8.44 per cent.
During the period of business transformation, the pace of expansion slowed and the rate of growth of the harvest declined significantly. After 2017, the restructuring of the company's operations was largely completed, its size expanded steadily, the quality of its assets gradually increased, the comptoirs + the investment industry brought new development dynamics, better performance growth and profitability on the market.
The Bank of Hewlett Bank (601166.sh) reported a positive performance of 2022 semi-annually, with a high level of risk as a whole. The Bank of Hewlett Bank (601166.sh) - 2022 - quarterly reviews - plus technology and zero.
Profit forecasting and valuation: combined with relative and absolute valuations, we consider the stock of the Corporate Division to be reasonable.
Their judgments have an impact, as seen in the text. Foreword: new growth dynamics are strong without historical baggage.
In our view, the future of the transformation of the boom banks is certain, and companies have opened the second growth curve. Companies insist on a “bank-bank-bank” development strategy, ranging from “big investment, big capital, big wealth” to “settlement, investment, trade-type” banking, investing in green banks, wealth banks, investment banks, three names.
The company’s core investment logic has become clearer, its historical burden has been removed, and its growth dynamics are strong. Moving away from dependence on real estate, government platforms, and building a new business style around the new economy.
As of the first half of 2022, the balance of the company’s own loans, bonds, non-target lines of business had gone down to 1.63 trillion yuan in real estate, with a negative rate of 1.85 per cent, and the projects were concentrated in economically developed markets, such as large deep-line cities and provincial capitals. The balance of the local government financing platform’s debt was 25.23 billion yuan.
Three business cards were polished and growth was strong. Three business cards – “Green Banks, Wealth Banks, Investment Banks” – which companies are investing in – have achieved significant results, with a steady increase in non-interest income and a net non-interest income of $43.4 billion in the first half of 2022, an increase of 17.21 per cent over the same period, with net non-interest income accounting for 37.48 per cent of operating income.
Businesses are growing rapidly, deep-growing green supply chains, semiconductors, biopharmaceuticals, new energy sources, carbon captures, collaborations, robotics, power semiconductors, etc., with a deep industrial base and far ahead of other banks.
Large distribution channels. The investment bank has a strong presence, and the comptoirs and comptoirs have achieved significant results. The comptoirs and comptoirs have developed an eco-compete strategy: build core corporate competitiveness. Companies are upgrading their transformations and building their own core competitiveness, with the comptoirs and the comptoirs at the centre of the comptoirs' strategy.
Parallel to the two-tracking process, it is in line with the structural transformation of our economy, is in a leading position in our domestic banks, and in the same time it is in the interest of leveraging the advantages of our own resource endowments, translating its previously accumulated customer resources and investment capacities into the advantages of its own resource endowments, in line with the structural transformation of our economy.
The economic structure continues to change, and the pressure on traditional deposit operations is highlighted. Banks’ traditional lending operations are often characterized by high leverage, heavy assets, and spread income through rough credit.
As the country’s economy is undergoing structural transformation, the growth of the infrastructure and real estate sector has slowed, while the concentration of bank risks has gradually increased. As the industry has been restructured, it has become new and advanced.
National priority industries such as manufacturing, modern services, etc. will be the main driving force for future economic development and will generate corresponding credit needs. New priority industries often do not have collateral assets, rely on credit alone, and cannot meet their financing needs.
In 2013, regulation began to strengthen regulation of off-the-shelf operations, and since 2016, regulation has further triggered financial deleveraging, de-routing, tightening controls on trade, finance, and off-the-shelf operations.
At the end of the year, 19.6 percentage points were raised; end-of-period deposits accounted for 58.3 per cent of interest-bearing liabilities, a significant advantage over the public sector at the end of 2016. Companies are strong in public business and have a strong customer base.
Business clients form a valuable resource for the comptoir + investment business. Corporate customers grow at the forefront of the industry, and small and medium-sized clients have a high level of resources and a strong demand for diversification of corporate financing, providing an opportunity to develop the comptoir + investment business. Figure 8: Small and medium-sized enterprise clients have a very high level of resources.
The company built up a vast circle of friends, thanks to previous business ventures. On the inside, the company created business synergies through multiple intra-group financial plates, and on the outside, the company was able to efficiently consolidate its financial assets to other banks, financial institutions, etc. on a solid basis of co-operation.
The classic case of a bank, comptoir + bank, is a model of banking that is driven by an enterprise’s integrated financial needs.
At the same time, banks can rely on financial institutions such as bonds, funds, and so on to achieve broader business investment linkages. “Boards + Investments” can be divided into three main types of lending alliances, large capital market operations, and traditional investment-banking operations, with the company’s “bank + investment” model being the main one.
Lending-led operations. Figure 11: Breathing Bank “Commercial + Investments” Model Crystal Energy: Producers of Quality Photovoltaic Components
Crystal Energy Profile: Crystal Energy is a US-owned listed company and an early-scale enterprise in the country that develops and manufactures photovoltaic technology and photovoltaic products. Since its establishment in 2006, the company has developed inputs and autonomous innovations, quality product quality and extensive marketing networks, from 2016 to 2019.
The Bank's involvement in the Crystal Energy Return Project through M&As and equity investments, and it led its US share-share clean-up operations throughout 2021. The Bank's operations: double loan lending is on the market.
At the same time, the interest bank used its investment portfolio to finance a green-credit scheme for the release of crystallized energy, with an initial amount of $690 million to cover the shortfall in funding for new projects.
On the financial side of the enterprise, the Bank, through the Crystal Group as a whole, gives a combined amount of RMB 12 billion, of which RMB 8 billion is publicly available and can be used in a variety of short-, medium-, and short-term projects.
Long-term types of business, including traditional and class credit, are ranked first in terms of size, variety, and in terms of the total amount of credit granted by the company, both in Crystal Energy and in all the banks that have been approved and activated by the company. In retail finance, the bank is deeply engaged in exploiting the needs of its customers and providing them with wages.
Specialized operations such as cash distribution, personal cash management, money pool, etc., also help companies solve supply chain finance and employee foil technology: domestic soft-packed battery taps, fook energy technology brief: fook technology was set up in 2002 to focus on the use of lithium ion batteries for new energy vehicles.
And the production and development of systems are high-tech enterprises with international ownership of intellectual property. Companies are domestic and 2.27gwh; in the area of soft-packed batteries, the volume of output and load of their products is ranked third in the world and first in the country for two years in a row in 2017 and 2018; and in 2019, they continued to be number one in the country.
Business: A full-scale strategy to work together to meet corporate financing needs. A strategic cooperation agreement was signed in 2019 between the Energetic Bank and Ferguson Science and Technology, which will provide integrated letters of credit, international settlement and trade finance, and supply chain financial services.
In partnership with the Beijing Motors Group Industrial Investment Company Ltd., China National Council Investment, Industrial and Monetary Bank Asia, and Hangzhou Gold Control Company.
In addition to completing the Fulcan Science and Technology C-Screen financing, the Bank of Employing has invested more than $1 billion in direct equity as an ordinary partner through its subsidiary, the Cintel Asset Management Corporation, a holding company, Xifu Taizhou, and Quan Quan Green.
Transformational effects: emerging from the business master's dilemma, “Commercials + Investments” have had a clear “financial deleveraging effect” and corporate strategic transformations have been accelerating, with an increasingly strong focus on fpa (for public financing balances).
Of this, the non-traditional off-the-shelf financing balance of the off-the-shelf investment banking business is $3.00 trillion, and the traditional off-the-shelf “banks + bank” strategy has been very effective, with four “more than” showing new growth dynamics. Companies are pioneers of the domestic “banks + bank” model, starting with the introduction of the Commercial Bank + Investment Bank strategy in 2017.
In the first half of 2022, the net non-interest income of companies was $43,422 million, representing 37.48 per cent of total income. The success of the investments continued to be solid, with non-financial institution debt financing instruments covering $36,344 million, the second largest share of the market.
The company's four “greater” performances continued, with the group's outward-to-public financing balances growing faster than the public financing balances in the table in the first half of 2022, the green financing balances growing faster than the public-financing balances, the net non-interest income rising faster than the net interest earnings, the subsidiary's growth faster than the parent's growth rate, “light capital, light assets,
The effectiveness of the “efficient” transformation continues to be evident, with strong growth dynamics. Wealth management: complementary to the Bank's strategy.
The wealth management business and the investment business complement each other and form an important part of the value chain of the Wealth Management-Asset Management-Investment Bank. A company can tap high-quality non-target assets from a host of client resources from which it operates, resulting in asset consolidation, product creation, and product sales forming a chain of value chains.
Contributions include both direct benefits and indirect benefits, such as asset management fees, consulting fees, commissions, etc.. Indirect benefits are the deposit of large amounts of low-cost deposits for companies, increased customer brand loyalty and combined contributions, and the combined benefits of developing in synergy with other business blocks such as the IPO.
The success of the B & B business is clear, and this will help companies to build the closure of large wealth management operations. According to several large banks abroad, Morgan Chase’s wealth management business is one of the most important factors is that Morgan Chase’s leading major investment business provides a huge amount of high-quality assets and high-quality assets to the wealth management business.
At the same time, the advantages of wealth management operations have further boosted the rapid growth of major investment operations. At the end of 2021, Morgan Chase’s total assets under the assets and wealth management plate amounted to $4.30 trillion, of which aum was $3.11 trillion, brokerage assets was $1.19 trillion, and companies managed products proactively.
In 2021, the asset and wealth management sector achieved income of $16.96 billion, with net profits of $4.74 billion, accounting for 13.5 per cent and 9.8 per cent of the total income and net profits of Morgan Chase, respectively.
The new growth dynamics of the wealth management business builders, the expansion of the wealth management business, the expansion of the money management business, the continued improvement of the product system, the development of systems and the development of marketing channels have yielded remarkable results.
It works with the financial institutions of banks in the creation of products, in the creation of channels, and in the construction of wealth management assets at the end of the spectrum: product systems are diversified, and investment is a source of life for wealth management. Companies invest in the creation of a financial environment with a central focus on money-management, based on trusting, finance, futures and futures, etc., within groups.
In the first half of 2022, corporate governance had a clear edge, and bond underwriting had kept the market ahead. Companies had dug deep into investment client resources to provide high-quality assets for wealth management.
98 institutions, with the same scale of increase of 35.35 per cent to $178,781 million in “rich” asset flows. 121 joint lending institutions, with 350 projects in place, increased by 133 per cent from the end of the year, and maintained an efficient flow of assets. During the same period, companies achieved investment income of $2.610 billion, an increase of 18.34 per cent over the same period; and key clients of the group of investors achieved an increase of 18.34 per cent.
Settlement deposits averaged $556.662 billion per day, an increase of $78,459 million from the end of the previous year.
The Grand Boss created an open platform for online distribution of wealth for the core app system, operating online and offline, and a large “money handler” for a variety of customers such as retail, corporate, institutional, business, and all kinds of retail sales channels for wealthy companies.
In the first half of 2022, a monthly average of 21.37 million households, or 106.53% more than at the end of the previous year. The silver and silver platform, the Treasure Cloud, is directed to State-owned banks, equity banks, regional banks, and rural finance.
Retail customers, such as institutions, sell money, a powerful cooperative distribution network that companies have long cultivated. For the same period, the “rich cloud” held the size of $273.6 billion, an increase of 53.44 per cent compared to the end of the previous year. At the same time, the silver and silver platform, which is oriented towards its co-workers, has a holdings of $120.465 billion, an increase of 176.71 per cent compared to the end of the previous year.
At the annual performance statement for 2021, the management of the banks indicated that, as small and medium-sized banks transitioned to marketing, there would be greater scope for working together in wealth development, and companies had set the goal of “100 billion in business”, with 100 cooperation agencies out of 100 in 2022, while small and medium-sized banks managed to sell 100 billion yuan in fiscal holdings and a total of 1 trillion yuan in sales.
In the first half of 2022, the group retailed 3.07 trillion yuan, an increase of 7.79 per cent compared to the end of the previous year, of which the management of off-the-shelf assets accounted for 70.78 per cent. The company maintained a second place in the industry in line hosting products of 34,006.
At the end of the year, 5.76 per cent increased. Of this amount, equity investment funds were held at $2.36 trillion, an increase of 10.65 per cent compared to the end of the year, while equity investment funds were held first in the banks; trust products were held second in the industry; bank accounts were held third in the industry; and wealth banks with light capital and weak cycles were achieved.
Business fees generated 12.634 billion yuan, an increase of 8.44 per cent, of which $7.521 billion was generated by financial management, green finance: the advantages are clear, there is wide room for growth, top-level designs point the direction of development, and double-carbon targets provide a huge investment space.
In 2020, we clearly set a “carbon peak” “carbon neutrality” target, and in order to successfully achieve the carbon peak goal, the state gave a series of policy directions from the top design level, and the achievement of the “double carbon” target became the focus of the 14th Five-Year Plan. In this context, the green sector has vast development space and significant investment opportunities.
A study by the Green Finance Specialized Committee of the Chinese Financial Society shows that over the next three decades, China will generate a green low-carbon investment demand of $487 trillion in 211 areas identified in the Green Industry Directory. China’s silver industry currently provides green credit of about 10% of the total public loan balance, but according to estimates.
The future share of green investment in social fixed assets should be more than 25%, and green credit, as green and melting green finance for more than a decade, has a clear pre-eminence: companies are pioneers in the domestic green finance sector and have a clear pre-eminence.
In the first half of 2022, green finance received good and low returns. In the first half of 2022, corporate green finance loan weighted interest rates of 4.66 per cent, non-performing credit rates of 0.48 per cent and marginal returns.
Green finance: the fresh blood of comptoirs + comptoirs Green gold companies provide rich resources for comptoirs + comptoirs.
These customers tend to be better-growing and have strong financing needs in the emerging sectors of green supply chains, semiconductors, biomedicals, new energy sources, carbon capture, collusive robots, power semiconductors, etc.
Green gold businesses generally have lower credit risks and higher asset quality than traditional ones in terms of asset quality. Companies can develop more high-quality products and market exposures through their ability to dig for and integrate their own assets.
The comptoir + Illustrates contribute to the green gold to enrich the matrix of products and meet the integrated financial needs of the enterprise. The company uses its subsidiaries to build a comprehensive product service system.
Green Philanthropy Trusts, etc., with a green business of $41.6 billion as of 2021. Green bond underwriting, green banking, green mergers and acquisitions, green equity investments Retail loans, supply chain finance
Direct lease, sale and return lease, manufacturer lease International Trust
Esg Thematic Portfolio Investment Trust, Green Philanthropy Trust, Green Sector Equity Investment, Green Bond Distribution, etc.
After the year, the restructuring of the company's operations was largely completed, the scale of its non-standard business continued to decline, the quality of its assets was constantly rising, and the “business + investment” gave new impetus to development, with corporate revenue growing faster than industry after 2018.
In terms of profitability, the company has remained above industry averages for years. The scale expansion has been steady, and the structure has continued to optimize.
Thus, the company has been actively restructuring its operations and the pace of asset growth has slowed down. After more than three years of restructuring, the company’s size has returned to steady growth since 2020, with loans continuing to rise as a proportion of total assets.
After several years of business restructuring, the risks of off-the-shelf stock operations have been largely cleared and the negative rates have continued to decline, we assume that the key drivers of growth in corporate profitability are as follows: (1) total asset growth: after more than three years of business restructuring, the firm has returned to steady growth in asset size.
(2) Net interest differentials: Policies continue to guide financial and financial concessions to the real economy, while the adjustment of prices by lpr will also cause a significant drag on the net difference. As a national equity company, the Episode Bank is expected to face future net interest differentials.
Mistakes, for which a sensitive analysis of the net difference is provided in the table below; (3) Quality of assets: In recent years, companies have increased their levels of bad recognition and disposal, and their stock loads have largely been cleared. In the face of shocks such as the epidemic and the downside of the real estate landscape, we expect a slight increase in the future of the company’s negative rate of production, but
Given the high volatility of market interest rates, the net difference is highly uncertain about the projected impact, as follows: we use both absolute valuation and relative valuation to estimate the reasonable value range of the company; we use three-stage ddm valuations for the short term for the next three years (for the first stage, detailed profit projections, see table).
9) The next 10 years will be the medium term (phase II), followed by the long term (phase III). The former \triangleright risk rate of return is about 2.7 per cent, while the market-wide risk premium is about 7.2 per cent, i.e., the market-wide long-term return.
The rate is estimated to be around 10% (e.g., the long-term return on the PPI 500 since 1927 is about 12.0% on this basis. Differences in the discount rate can lead to changes in the company’s intrinsic value, and we also have a sensitive analysis.
As a country-wide shareholder, we believe that economic growth will continue to be largely assured in the long run.
Consistently, it assumes that the company will grow at 3.0% per cent per annum. Long-term growth prospects have a significant impact on the company’s valuation, which we have also conducted a sensitivity analysis.
The table below provides an analysis of the sensitivity of the company’s absolute valuation to these two factors of change. Together, we compare all listed shares horizontally, taking into account the epidemiological and real-estate climate.
As the epidemic is brought under control and as the effects of steady growth policies become apparent, we expect that the suppression of the valuation of the shares of the country will ease and that the central value of the valuation of the stock of the country will rise slightly. Companies insist on a strategy of “bank plus investment” development, ranging from “big investment, big capital, big wealth” to “big investment,”
“Calculation, investment, transactional” banking, green banking, wealth banking, investment banking, three business cards, clear path and strategic stability. The company’s core investment logic has increased, and in 2023, Roe consistently predicted a linear regression, we believe that the bank’s reasonable valuation is based on the fact that it has been able to build a new bank.
We use absolute and relative valuation methods to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company, but the valuation is based on more assumptions, particularly with respect to the firm's discount rate and the rate of constant growth.
Assuming that many subjective judgements have been included in the selection of valuation parameters for both and comparable companies: (1) there are a large number of investors in the market, with varying investment terms, financial costs, opportunity costs, etc., and therefore each investor may have its own discount rate, which may lead to a market-to-company margin.
Consensual judgments of value are not consistent with the conclusions we have drawn. For this reason, we have conducted a sensitivity analysis, but sensitivity analysis does not necessarily fully reflect all investors' discount rates; (2) our assumptions about the company's constant growth rate are subjective. We have conducted a sensitivity analysis, but we do.
The situation is likely to fall outside the sensitivity analysis zone: (3) The risk of fluctuations in the overall valuation of the market may not be fully taken into account in the relative valuation, i.e. the change in Beta. Given the current low overall valuation of the bank plate, there is also an underestimation of the industry as a whole as a result of the relative valuation method.
The uncertainty about the company’s future profitability projections stems mainly from two factors: one is the high volatility of market interest rates and the fact that banks themselves adjust their asset liability classes, durations, etc. to market interest rate fluctuations.
The impact of market interest rate fluctuations is compounded by the fact that, in the case of non-performing loans and the corresponding provision, the bank itself has a greater room for subjective adjustment, which may lead to a greater difference between the actual situation and our hypothetical situation. For possible deviations from the net difference, we have conducted a prior sensitivity analysis; and there is a potential for asset quality.
Companies’ industries are subject to strict regulation, and their operations are heavily influenced by macroeconomic and monetary policies. If there is a major adjustment in future industry regulation, monetary policy, etc., it may have an impact on the company’s operations.
The banks are engaged in high-risk operations, including credit risk, interest rate risk, and liquidity risk. Changes in the macro- and interest rate environments may have an adverse impact on the company’s financial data.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them