The company released its semi-annual report for 2020: operating income of $1.658 billion, a year-on-year increase, during the reporting period.
37.91% net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 93.73% on a year-on-year basis; storage, mcu, driven by h1 performance, grew significantly. The growth in corporate revenue in the first half of the year was mainly due to: about 310 million yuan in storage operations, $71.57 million in microcontrol operations and sensors.
This represents an increase of $7.05 million over the same period due to the consolidation of single-month income only in June during the same period in the first half of 2019.) The main reasons for the increase in net profit returns were: 1) higher income, $218 million higher for Māori over the same period, while the cost of sales, administration and R & D increased by approximately $133 million over the same period; 2) loss of asset impairment
This represents a decrease of approximately $2.39 million compared to the same period; 3) government-subsidized projects met the conditions for carry-over income, resulting in an increase of approximately $2.348 million over the same period; 4) financial costs were reduced by $22.28 million, mainly as a result of an increase in the exchange rate as a result of the United States dollar exchange rate; and 5) income tax costs were reduced by approximately $1.55 million.
Building platforms based on three main directions: storage, mcu, and sensors. The company has three main lines of operation: storage, mcu, and sensors. 1) Flush products have accumulated more than 13 billion b/t/x series, representing the highest standards in the spinorflash industry; 38 nmslcnand.
The production of process products is stable, and the 24nm process product continues to progress. 2) The cumulative volume of mcu products is more than 400 million. During the reporting period, the company successfully released the latest product, gd32e232, based on the armcortex-m33 high precision.
Real-time industrial control e507/e503 series mcu. 3) Sensor operations, where companies actively optimize optical fingerprint products in mirrors, optical fingerprint products in very small envelopes, ultra thin optical fingerprint products, large-scale tft optical fingerprint products.
In the field of dram, the company is actively setting up the dram products, and in September 2019 it released an additional advance to raise funds for dram chip autonomous R & D and industrialization projects and additional liquidity. The project development objective is to develop dram under a 1xnm-level process.
Technology, design and development of ddr3, lpddr3, ddr4, lpdddr4 series dram chips. For example, the autonomous dram project is proceeding in an orderly manner until market prices are collected on 28 August 2020.
In April 2020, an agreement was signed to promote close cooperation between the two sides in the marketing of dram products, surrogates and engineering. Currently, a marketing and operation system for dram has been put in place, and the number and performance of clients have grown steadily.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business. Flash, mcu demand is not as high as expected; new products are not as advanced as expected; and business integration is not as high as expected.