Business progression is largely in line with expectations 603986.sh) Uncertainty in sales for the second half of the year
The semi-annual report issued by Fu Chu-Yung achieved revenues of 1,658 million yuan in 2020h1, an increase of 37.91 per cent in the same year; net profit returns to mothers of 363 million yuan, an increase of 93.73 per cent in the same year; and eps 0.81 yuan in the same year.
The company's performance is basically in line with our expectations. In the first half of the year of storage of the chip, Zhang Szén achieved a revenue of 1.316 billion yuan, an increase of 30.8 per cent over the same period, and is expected to remain non-existent.
Flash is the third-largest market in the world; mcu accounts for 247 million yuan, an increase of 41.2 per cent over the same year, and keeps growing faster. The company earns 90 million yuan a year in sensor operations through the acquisition of Slim, and despite the same growth, it has performance commitments at the time of the acquisition.
There is a risk of a commitment to performance when the acquisition cannot be completed. The company’s growth in the first half of the year is the result of an increase.
With the spread of the Internet, the construction of the 5g base station, the increasing intellectualization of cars, and the outbreak of the tws-represented wearable equipment, the downstream areas of the nonflash product are growing and demand is expected to continue to rise, and companies are expected to grow as global champions.
The period benefits and further expands the market share, but the new crown epidemic will have a certain impact on short-term demand, with sales likely to be affected in the second half of the year. (ii) The dram project is well advanced.
In addition, the company has continued to promote the 12-inch crystal memory development project, and has signed several deals with the compost.
The framework agreement, which promotes close cooperation between the two sides in the marketing of dram products, surrogates, and engineering ends, is now largely based on the establishment of marketing, operating systems, and a gradual growth in the number of customers and performance. Given the non-recurrent gains and losses that companies have transferred this year, we anticipate the profits of companies.
“Male innovation: lower than expected but better product structure” has overstretched future development expectations and maintained a “neutral” investment rating. “Mmmage innovation: performance is largely in line with expectations and business is steadily moving forward
Progress is expected to be a storage tap. Noorflash needs are not as high as expected, and dram is not as advanced as expected.