The South-West Centre for Securities Research and Development (SWCRD) reported high levels of re-innovation and positive innovation.
Summary of performance: The company disclosed its mid-2020 performance of $1.66 billion in operating income for 2020h1, an increase of 37.9 per cent over the same year; net return to the mother of $360 million, an increase of 93.7 per cent over the same period; excellent growth in performance for 2020h1, an increase of q2 over the same year and a rise in the ring ratio.
(b) Net profit on maternity: net profit on maternity in 2020h1 was $360 million, of which q2 net profit on maternity was 200 million, an increase of 32.7 per cent, and ring growth of 16.1 per cent.
In the first half of the year, companies experienced strong growth in their profits.
We believe that this is mainly a combination of the following factors: 1) There is a strong external demand: the rate of growth in the Chinese integrated circuit industry, particularly in the design industry, which benefits from the acceleration of national production of integrated circuit products, is significant in 2020h1, with only a 25.2 per cent increase from 2020q1 and a sales value of 57.440 billion yuan; and the manufacture and sealing of chips at the same time.
During this period, companies, in conjunction with supply chain suppliers, transferred part of their production resources to domestic suppliers to deal with the production chain in an orderly manner. There was a slight increase in the volume of goods delivered in the first half of 2020 compared to the same period in 2019.
Within, the company ' s R & D costs amounted to $221 million, an increase of 57.95 per cent over the same period last year.
The chemical industry is becoming more and more widespread, and companies are committed to producing high-precision, high-accessible mcu products that meet the level of industrial applications. The firm’s core competitiveness and industry influence will continue to be enhanced by research and development in the area of dram products.
The funds obtained were mainly for research and development and production of the dram project, which aims to develop 1xnm grade (19nm, 17nm) dram technology, design and develop ddr3, lpdddr3, ddr4, lpdddr4 series of dram products.
The net return profit over the next three years will remain at a compound growth rate of 43.1%. Given that the company is a Chinese-led design firm, there are industry-led technologies and less than expected in the areas of memory storage, microcontrolrs, and sensors; and shareholder risk reduction.
The company was founded in Beijing in April 2005 and placed on the market in August 2016 as a global chip design company with China as its head office. The company works on the design and development of storage, control, and peripheral products.
The year was certified by the National Integrated Circuit Design Enterprise. A sample of China’s first serial flash product was sent in October 2008. The product was awarded the “China Quill” Best Market Performance Award for three consecutive years in 2010/2011, thanks to its outstanding market performance.
In April 2019, the company invested 300 million yuan in remunerative claims, and in May it completed the acquisition of 100% of Slim’s shares by issuing shares in private.
Continues to develop 1xnm (19nm, 17nm)-grade dram technology and production through a non-public distribution of shares in several countries and territories in mainland China (Beijing/Yung Hoon/Sien/Shanghai/Hin), Hong Kong, Taiwan, South Korea, the United States, Japan, the United Kingdom, etc., with branches and marketing networks around the globe, along with several world-renowned crystallized mills, seals, etc.
Installation testing plants form strategic partnerships to provide high-quality border localization support services to their clients. The company currently operates in the main business, including the storage of chips, microcontrols, and semiconductor designs of sensor chips.
The company focuses on chip design, built and extended, and delivers the full platform development of the storage chip, with the main applications covering the full range. The company, as the leading domestic flash chip design firm, currently has noorflash, slcnand as its main product.
Flash and 32bitmcu, with a heavy weight cut into the action dram track, are committed to building the country's only storage chip-all-table company. As intelligent industrial manufacturing (industrial 4.0), artificial intelligence (ai) and network (iot) are driving the growth of the market, corporate products will be widely applied to hand-held mobile terminals, consumer electronics, pc and peripherals, network telecommunications equipment, and medical care.
Equipment, office equipment, auto electronics, industrial controls, etc. Figure 1: Corporate solutions currently cover the main applications. Corporate business structures: The main three main components of the company's current revenues are: storage chip sales, microcontrolr sales, sensors.
The collection structure: The revenue from the storage chip sales business of company 2020h1 was $1.32 billion, or 79.4 per cent of the total revenue, which is the company ' s current revenue of $900 million, with a ratio of 5.5 per cent. Māori share: Māori 10.0 billion, Māori 76.6 per cent, and Māori head of company in 2019; Mār 200 million, or 15.5 per cent; sensors.
The Māori share of business is $100 million, or 7.9 per cent, and the Māori share does not differ significantly as the level of the three operations is not very different. Corporate profitability: Māori rates and net interest rates as a whole have increased since 2015.
In terms of the three rates, the company’s sales cost rate has remained relatively stable overall, the financial cost rate has been based on the company’s emphasis on research and development and continued investment: the company’s R & D expenditure has been increasing since 2015, while the R & D expenditure has been rising.
The share has also been rising, with research and development spending of $210 million in 2020h1, an increase of 57.9 per cent and 13.3 per cent in the same year. Companies have increased their investment in research and development for new products, expanding their research and development workforce, improving the salaries of research and development staff, and implementing equity incentives, leading to a sustained increase in the cost of research and development. The company ' s research and development team has continued to grow, with a total of 586 R & D staff and R & D personnel as at the end of 2019.
The patent covers key areas of chip technology, such as noorflash, nadflash, mcu. Scenario 1: storage chip sales: according to China’s flash market, Nandflashmarket predicts that global nandflash
The global dram market grew by 21 per cent year-on-year; the company's current storage was expanded from noorflash and nadflash to a trend of substituting domestic production for semiconductors, and the company's recovery is expected to increase at a significantly higher rate than the global average. Thus, scenario 2: microcontrolr sales: based on projections from icinsights, the global volume of mcu exports in 2020 will increase by the same amount as in 2020
7%. With the introduction of the company ' s industrial application level - high accuracy, high reliability, coupled with the object network in scenario 3: Sensors: the company ' s sensor business is currently primarily a microscreened fingerprint chip, currently has ultra thin and large area unlocking features, and entering the large customer supply chain during the bidding process in mid-year, it is expected that the volume will be large between the second half of the year and next year.
We've chosen the same technology as the chip design industry, the purple emblem, the whole-of-the-art technology as a comparable company, with an average of 81 times the average pere in 20 years and 60 times the average perpe in 21 years, and we think that companies, as leading companies in the domestic chip storage field, with significant international leadership, size advantages and synergies, should enjoy a certain value premium.
Multiplier, the net return profit over the next three years will maintain a compound growth rate of 43.1%. Given that the company is a leading Chinese design firm in the area of memory storage, microcontrolrs, and sensors, it has industry-led technology and products, looking at the company’s business layout at $244, which is the first to be covered, with a “buy-in” rating.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.