H1, with bright performance, storage + components driven by two-way beneficial consumer conglomerates - a strong mark of innovation - corporate profitability increased significantly: 1.658 billion yuan in 20h1, an increase of 37.9 per cent in the same year, excluding non-repatriation.
The net gain of $310 million, an increase of 95.6 per cent over the same period, followed by a significant increase in net interest rates of 6.3 to 21.9 per cent, and the Maori rate. It is worth noting that at the end of the period (h1) there was a 64 per cent increase in monetary funds over the beginning of the period, resulting from fund-raising and the sale of middle-core international equities; other accounts payable decreased significantly by 84 per cent over the same period, with a Slim value paid in 19H2.
..flash+mcu double-wheel drive, with product upgrades up and up, we believe that the strong harvests are from: 1)flash and mcu products are booming. In conjunction with the 19th and 20th reports of the Department of Public Affairs, 20h1flash was delivered to 3 billion, with marginal increases.
2) Product upgrades continue to improve profitability. Noorflash upgrades to vehicle-borne, industrial-controlled areas; 38 nmnand stable volume production, leading industry; mc-v kernels with an initial Mcu product on mcu, which is planned to be a "mcu department store".
• The layout “All-storage + control + sensor”, h2 fully benefits from consumption, high iot scenes, and with a series of acquisitions and collaborations, companies are now working outside the nor, across the Nand and dram storage, and into the field of control + sensor.
The accelerated penetration of medium- and low-end mobile phones and pc; tws headphones, smart watches, as the area of most electronic consumer certainty, are expected to boost company performance in h2 and longer; and smart homes, etc., are built with the spread of 5g equipment, and the company's “mcu department store” strategy is expected to benefit fully.
The medium- and long-term dimensions suggest that the company, as one of the strategic platforms for national storage chips, will benefit in the long term from the national production substitution trend in the storage domain — and the company's leading industry in the ddr field is expected to fill the gap in the country's dram field.
• Profit forecasting and investment proposals 2019 Performance guidelines meet expectations and noor volume increases boost performance outbreak 2020-01-20
"O3 performance is more than expected, industry is better than expected. "O2 performance is better than expected.
♪ The Flying Flying Head ♪ 2018-11-15 ♪