q2 performance ring improvement, and a significant breakthrough for dram - mid-2020 reported 852 million yuan per quarter for 20q2, +14.3 per cent for the same year and +5.8 per cent for the same period; 195 million yuan net profit for 20q2 for the mother, equal to the same year
The q3 downstream demand is expected to improve as Europe and the United States reboot and the epidemic is gradually under control. Product lines are further optimized, beneficiary networks, tws, 5g, etc.
1. Large capacity, advanced process flash. Noorflash city has risen to 18.3%, ranking third in the world. The Department has issued the first 2gb high-performance spinorflash in the country, actively expanding industries, vehicles, ai, and 5g, creating high-performance, high-capacity, low-capacity, small-sized, etc. product lines, with a cumulative output of over 13 billion.
The art nodes are mainly 65 nm, with a focus on 55 nm products in the second half of the year. 38 nmslncnandflash is stable, 24 nm products are continuously moving forward, and the gap between mainstream process nodes is narrowed. 2, mcu focussing on networking, industrial control markets.
Two new mcu series products were released and produced, and now accumulated over 400 million items, with more than 20,000 clients, beneficiaries, networking, engineering, smart terminal scenes. 3, Sensor products were optimized. The company was the first company in the country to have a full list of fingerprints, a global share of fingerprint chips.
9.4 per cent, ranked third, optimized lens optical fingerprints, super small envelope optical fingerprints, ultra thin optical fingerprints products, released large-scale tft optical fingerprint products, and the development of mems ultrasound was well under way.
In June, the company completed a grant of $4,324 million, focusing on the development of dram technology under the 1xnm (19nm, 17nm) process, and the ddr3, lpdddr3, ddr4, lpdddr4 series of dram chips. In April, the company signed an agreement with the Fatty Chang-jung to cooperate in the marketing, surrogate and engineering end of the dram product.
Ddr4, lpdddr4x memory chip and ddr4 module with high speed transmission, low power consumption, high reliability and product approval from domestic and foreign customers.
The company is the leading global repository chip and mcu supplier, benefiting semiconductor autonomy trends, and the country's 2.
Departmental Review: Noor has a high profile, has a large number of operations, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity and Investment Company Ltd., and has obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.