25/08/2020 Keeping the performance high and new products expanding the new frontier
The company issued a semi-annual notice in 2020 that it achieved operating income of $1.658 billion, an increase of 37.91 per cent, and net profit of $363 million to the mother, an increase of 93.73 per cent.
Without fear of the effects of the epidemic, the performance of the company has remained high, and without fear of the effects of the epidemic, specifically: storage has increased by about $310 million, or 30.83 per cent, over the same period last year; microcontrol has increased by about $71.57 million, or more.
40.69%. The storage sector benefits mainly from increased sales of noorflash products, and mcu circulation market value (millions): mainly from increased demand in consumer groups, computers, etc., and the sale of new products.
Looking ahead, in the context of the e-consumption season and the introduction of new products, the company’s performance in the second half of the year, apart from maintaining a high rate of growth in its performance, has been marked by the introduction of new products in the first half of the year.
The size of the market, according to cinnoresearch, noorflash, is about $2.5 billion, and the size of the market, according to cypress, in such areas as vehicle loads, industry, etc., is easily innovative.
Nearly US$ 1 billion. With products in consumer areas such as tws headphones rushing to the top three in the nonflash market, the company will embrace a wider market when the product's capacity expands to 2g. In addition, the Department has launched mcu in the m23/m33 series, in the form of a optical transceiver, a light module, access to the network, etc.
"Assessment of the Dollar Securities Corporation - A moxic innovation" (603986): completion of the "Better scope for future growth in the area of storage." Storage + Control + Sensitization strategy, re-routing to the future "2020.03.
The company announced in early June that it had successfully completed the replenishment for the purpose of carrying out its own research and development projects. The successful completion of the fund raising meant that the company had taken an important step forward in the dram field.
In addition, the company's investment stock is at the forefront of the country's ddr4/lpdddr4x storage chip and
The ddr4 memory module, which is gradually increasing production capacity, has become an alternative to the dram. As the company’s autonomous dram research and development project, the combing capacity and productivity rises, and the company’s cooperation with the Changjing is deepening, future development is most imaginative.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved operating income of $1,658 million, an increase of 37.91 per cent over the same period in 2019, a quarterly revenue of $707 million for the second quarter of the company, and a comparable increase in the impact of the epidemic.
Figure 1: Quarterly revenues and growth (millions of yuan) attributed to the net profits of shareholders of listed companies of $363 million, an increase of 93.73 per cent over the same period in 2019. The net profits of the parent company increased significantly over the same period, mainly because of the lower corporate base in the first quarter of 2019.
Figure 2: Quarterly net profit return and acceleration (millions of yuan) Sub-operations show that corporate storage operations increased by about $310 million, or 30.83 per cent, over the same period last year; microcontrol operations increased by about $71.57 million, or 40.69 per cent, and mcu increases were mainly due to consumption, calculation and calculation
In addition to the same increase in demand in markets such as machines, as well as the sale of new products, sensor operations increased by $7.05 million over the same period, owing to the consolidation of only single-month revenues in June during the first half of 2019. In addition to maintaining high performance growth, the company’s biggest highlight in the first half of the year was the introduction of new products, which expanded the company’s operations.
In the first half of the year, products with a capacity of up to 2 g were introduced and provided with 512 mb, 1gb \triangleright.
and 2gb. Full compliance with the aec-q100 certification level supports a wide range of 2mb to 2gb, a series of products focused on industry, vehicles, ai, and related applications such as 5g that require large-capacity storage, high reliability and hypervelocity data absorption.
The company’s previous nonflash products were dominated by consumer-oriented electronics, and its new products were directed to industry, vehicles, ai, and related applications such as 5g. The nonflash market was about $2.5 billion, and its medium-car, industrial, and so on was close to $1 billion.
In the area of fees, noorflash rushes to the top three markets and, after expanding the product capacity to 2g, will embrace a wider market with future growth prospects. In the area of microcontrols, companies have successfully issued two series of new products in the first half of the year, based on each.
Series. The gd32e232 series is very beneficial in the application of industrial control systems such as optical transceivers, light modules, and access networks, and the high-precision real-time industrial control e507/e503 series mcu provides a richer low-power model to meet the client's different fields of operation, in addition to the general addition of integrated industrial scenes, ethenet, can, etc.
Figure 5: Company product arcum ' s coltex-m series of mo, mo+, m3, m4, m7, m23, m33. The smaller the number, the simpler the computational performance, the lower the power, the cheaper the price, the larger the table.
Two figures for m23/m33 indicate a higher value for money. The dominant market product is m3/m4, which is easily the leader of the home-grown m3/m4. M23/m33 is also on the rise with high value for money. The company ' s introduction of the m23/m33 series means that the company has more product coverage.
Wide enough to better meet market demand, with a wider range of applications and future growth in the areas of optical transceivers, optical modules, access to the network, sensor operations: companies actively optimize optical fingerprint products in optical fingerprint sensors, etc.
In the development of the mems ultrasound fingerprint sensor, it will be based on a successful ultrasound replacement structure and a process platform with edges.
The signal processing system further expands its application in the direction of human interaction, physical monitoring, and car electronics. 3. Fund-raising is successfully completed, and the dram giant will be waiting for the company to announce in early June that it will successfully complete the replenishment, the purpose of which is to launch the dram autonomous research and development project.
The successful completion of the project means that the company has taken an important step forward in the area of dram, and the issuance of this increase is only about 1% lower than the collection price of the day, indicating good confidence in the future development of the company. Moreover, the company’s investments are in the lead nationwide in the area of dram and are already online.
The ddr4/lpddr4x storage chip and ddr4 memory module, which is gradually increasing production capacity, has become an alternative to dram. As the company's autonomous dram research and development project progresses, the compost production capacity and the rate rises, and the firm and the dram work together in depth, a dram giant belonging to mainland China.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.