The Chengdu bank is expected to continue to benefit from the advantages of the regional economic environment and the building of a two-city economic circle, which will be expanded or will strongly support high-performance growth. The company has improved asset quality since 2016, low-cost liabilities support low risk preferences at the end of the asset, and a virtuous cycle of indebtedness, assets, asset quality and enhanced liquidity.
High-growth and scarce targets, included in the recommended mix, focus on debt-to-equity transition processes. Regional economies have rapidly increased their strategic support, and high-performing growth is expected to continue.
We believe that the high performance growth of Chengdu banks is expected to continue, owing to geographical economic advantages, the opportunities offered by the bi-circle construction of the economy, and the competition of the local market of the Chengdu banks, the continued improvement in the quality of assets, and the fact that the cost advantage of indebtedness underpins the low-risk preference of the asset.
Since 2016, Chengdu banks have improved asset quality and poor indicators. At the same time, companies have adjusted their own risk preferences and structures, increased investment in low-risk assets (public infrastructure, retail mortgages) and control of new production and asset quality trends.
We believe that the quality of corporate assets is expected to remain robust. Focus on the 8 billion dollar debt-transfer-to-equity process.
By the end of the third quarter of 2021, the capital adequacy rate for the capital at the capital core level in Chengdu was 8.34 per cent, higher than the regulatory threshold (7.5 per cent), but the capacity to deliver the assets was constrained. The capital at the capital bank in Chengdu had issued $8 billion to convert the debt. According to static calculations, the capital adequacy at the core level would be raised by 1.53 percentage points.
As a result of the downside of the economy, the quality of assets deteriorated beyond expectations and financial regulation exceeded expectations.
1. The regional economy has rapidly increased its strategic support, with high performance growth expected to remain the most central driver of performance. In recent years, the capital bank has maintained its rapid growth in size, with a 16.8 per cent increase in asset size and a 33.1 per cent increase in total lending in the first three quarters of 2021 compared to the previous quarter.
Figure 2. Chengdu bank size is the greatest contributing factor (the first three quarters) and we believe that the high performance growth of Chengdu bank is expected to continue, mainly due to geographical economic advantages, business opportunities arising from the construction of a two-tier economy, and the increased competitiveness of Chengdu banks in local markets:
(1) Benefiting from the advantages of the regional economic environment, according to the semi-annual report 2021, 72% of loans and 71% of points are concentrated in urban areas, with 90% of operating income coming from urban areas. Economic development in urban areas is positive, with an increase of gdp (8.6%) in urban areas in 2021.
Higher than the national average (8.1%). The good growth of the regional economy provides a solid basis for the expansion of the operations of the Chengdu Bank. (2) The strategy of building the two-city economic circle opened up the space for growth.
Total investment of $183.5 billion a year accounted for 9% of the urban gdp in 2021 (US$ 1,991.7 billion). It is expected that the construction of the two-city economic circle will start, and the opening of the capital bank will develop space to support a rapid increase in the size of its assets.
According to the city-to-city situation of Chengdu banks, since 2017, Chengdu banks' loans in Chengdu have been increasing as a percentage of the RMB of urban financial institutions, reaching 5.1 per cent by the end of 2020, and we believe that Chengdu, on the one hand, shows an increase in the competitiveness of the banks in the local market; and on the other hand, the Anbar Group, a major shareholder of Chengdu comptoirs, has taken over in 2018, or has had some impact on their operations.
The banks take the opportunity to strengthen their regional competitiveness.
Figure 5. Regional distribution of bank loans and collections
Since 2016, Chengdu banks have increased their asset quality clearances and improved book indicators. By the end of the third quarter of 2021, the ratio of non-performing loans to Chengdu banks was 1.06 per cent; and the ratio of non-performing loans and loans of concern at the end of the six-month period was 1.10 per cent and 0.64 per cent, respectively.
At the same time, Chengdu banks have adjusted their risk preferences and structures, increased their investment in low-risk assets (public infrastructure, retail mortgages) and controlled their new generation and asset quality. In terms of loan structure, the ratio of capital-based loans to mortgage loans was 47% in late 2021 and 22% in late 2015 (24% and 18% respectively).
Figure 7. The negative rate in the Chengdu region has continued to decline. Figure 8. Increased capital and mortgage lending by the Chengdu Bank.
The city is focusing on the development of the “5+5+1” industry, accelerating the construction of modern and open industrial systems supported by advanced manufacturing, modern services, and the new economy. The report on the work of the government in Chengdu, 2022, proposes to promote advanced manufacturing industries that are strongly supported by large integrated circuits, new displays, and other industrial advantages, focusing on high-end chips, high-end software, etc.
The construction of China’s “storage valley,” the construction of an integrated industrial biosphere of the “chip-based soft-think network,” aims to increase the value of the electronic-information industry by 12%. We believe that Chengdu’s industrial transformation is in line with the upgrading of the country’s strategic transformation, and that it is likely to receive more resources to support the development and risk management of the capital bank’s asset-end operations.
The build-up of the two cities supports the build-up of capital projects. The build-up of the two cities’ economic circle and investment landings help to boost local economic growth, protect the regional economic environment, and provide capital banks with project opportunities to sustain rapid expansion on a future scale.
While growth opportunities are presented by strategic upgrading, another central factor is the choice of asset-side projects that result from the capital bank’s cost advantage over its liabilities. In comparison with banks, the cost of interest-bearing liabilities (2.17%) in the first half of 2021 was only higher than in Ningpo Bank (2.10%) in the upper-middle-town comptoirs; and, at the same time, the advantage of asset-side political resources and the concentration of points in the central-west as well as the liabilities of the capital bank.
With regard to market concerns about the higher share of mortgage lending by capital banks, we believe, on the one hand, that the future of the Chengdu region is good for public projects, that it is more flexible to become a capital bank, and that it is active in allocating loans for advanced manufacturing, medium- and long-term projects in line with the country’s strategic orientation.
On the other hand, during the volatile external environment and the transformation of domestic economic dynamics, we believe that a more “moderate” and “stability” of regulation will weigh the impact on the economy and people’s livelihoods in terms of policy advancement and landing. In a fast-tracked approach, capital constraints are faced in the short term. As of the end of the third quarter of 2021, the heart of Chengdu banks is one.
The capital adequacy rate of 8.34% is higher than the regulatory threshold (7.5%), but the capacity to release assets is constrained. The Chengdu bank has issued $8 billion in debt swaps.
Figure 12. Chengdu Bank stock and transfer prices, foreclosure price trends, investment highlights and profit projections
The firm’s assets have improved since 2016, with low-cost liabilities supporting low-risk preferences at the end of the asset, indebtedness, assets, asset quality forming a virtuous circle, and enhancing certainty about capital-banking profits. The economy’s downside leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.
The real economy, if financial regulation is expected to affect the performance of the bank ' s profits, either by making a profit policy supermarket or by affecting the performance of the bank.