China Stone (600176) Chemical performance is largely in line with expectations, with the lowest cost in history in the period
Incidents: 3-quarterly reports issued by the company in 2018, resulting in operating income of $7.63 billion in January-September, an increase of 18.5 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother of $1.91 billion, an increase of 23.3 per cent over the same period; net cash flows from operating activities of $2.440 billion, an increase of 8.45 per cent over the same period; and basic earnings per share of $0.55 million.
The previous three quarters were largely in line with expectations, with the lowest cost rate in the history of the period. In the three quarters alone, the growth in the same year-to-year ratio was 11%, and the net return to the mother grew by 25%, mainly because the company maintained a high Māori rate and sustained the cost of the period was the world-class champion in the fibre-optic industry, and the continued expansion of productive capacity was expected to increase further.
By the end of 2017, the company had a world-class production capacity of 1.4 million tonnes per year, with nearly 20% of the world's production followed by the world's first Ovensconning, with more than 30% of the country's production capacity, and an absolute national leader. The company's new materials-intelligent manufacturing project showed the company's pre-positioned intelligence.
Power, May 2016, official foundation of the company ' s fibre-optic industrial smart manufacturing base, December 2017, the Board of Directors of the Department of Public Administration, through China ' s Big Stone Smart Project, which includes 150,000 tonnes/year of fibre-optic intelligence and 180,000 tonnes/year of electronic gauze/year of electronic fabric, will move ahead in an orderly manner.
To improve the efficiency of company production and improve the country’s technological and productive deficit in the high-end electronic veil, the public sector is looking forward to expanding its downstream applications, and the fibre-optic industry is about to experience a boom. In view of the current market development in the fibre-optic industry, the trend towards diversification of downstream demand is more evident, especially in the light-quantified areas of automobiles and automobiles.
Industrial composite material applications. The average annual compound increase at the end of the fibre-optic demand during the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan will be around 9%. Of this, construction needs (about 30%) will be relatively stable, there will be greater demand in the areas of railing, car light quantification, electricity, wind power, etc., and with the expansion of downstream applications, the fibre-optic industry will be on the rise.
The company benefits from being a leader in the industry. China’s Great Stone (600176): The Māori rate remains high, and the net return profit for the next three years will be 21.1% of the composite growth rate.
The Egyptian base and the upcoming US base will effectively mitigate the impact of the trade war on the export of fibre-optics, keeping the “buy-in” rating as the company expands in the electronic veil and further increases its market share. (3) The risk of trade wars and exchange rate fluctuations in Central America; and (4) the risk of new projects not expanding as expected.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.