Performance continued to grow at a faster pace, with clear expectations for expansion of capacity - China ' s Great Stone (6001766) billion yuan, an increase of 23.26 per cent in the same year; net gains of 1.917 billion yuan were realized, an increase of 26.21 per cent in the same year.
The company achieved income of 2,611 million yuan in three quarters, an increase of 10.57 per cent over the same period; a single-quarter net gain of $645 million for the mother, an increase of 18.37 per cent over the same period; and a single-quarter net gain of about $650 million, with overall performance still growing faster, with marginal growth under pressure.
The data continue to grow at a faster rate: in the first three quarters, income, net return, net gain on non-contributions increased at a faster rate of 18.48 per cent, 23.26 per cent and 26.21 per cent, respectively, but in the semi-annual round of industry demand and supply, we believe that the overall balance will be tight in 2018, with prices increasing at a higher rate of 18.48 per cent, 23.26 per cent and 26.21 per cent, respectively.
The growth in demand will be stable, and the structure will be improved. 1) According to O. Vensconning, demand in the fibre-optics sector is about 1.6 times higher than in industrial output, and the structure of the global fibre-based consumer market is 32% in construction, 28% in transport, 21% in industry and electricity.
In order to increase growth faster and increase the upward elasticity of high-end demand, and to contribute to the improvement of demand structures. On the supply side, the threat to new entrants is small, and the overall pressure to increase production in the industry is manageable: 1) The financial resources of the fibre-optic industry, and the environment is expected to cause further withdrawal of low-end capacity (about 6% of the country’s output);
China Stone (600176.sh): Flexibility determination in the domestic fibre industry. 2018.6.9 At present, there is an orderly increase in domestic production capacity, with a short-term forecast of cold shutdowns for some of it, in the whole of 2018.
On the one hand, the expansion of the capacity of the company is expected to be clear and flexible. On the other hand, the expansion of the capacity of the company is expected to be clear: 1) The 200,000-ton project in Egypt is now operational at 2017h2 and is still in the process of being released: 4 new and cold production lines in the river 2018h1 and 350,000 tons per year.
The production base was completed; the 150,000-ton annual production line was put into operation in September, and the 60,000-ton production line is expected to become operational in the 1st phase: 80,000-ton production capacity is expected to become operational in the US South Carolina project; and the 100,000-ton production capacity project in the Great Stone India is steadily advancing.
In five years, the construction of three non-alkali fibre-optic lines and three electronic veils, electronic fabric production lines will result in the addition of 450,000 tons of non-alkali fibres per year, 180,000 tons of electronic veils per year, and 800 million metres of electrical fabric. On the other hand, the overall profitability of the production-support companies is robust: 1)
The Egyptian project has a cost advantage for raw materials, the products are supplied mainly to markets such as Europe, Turkey and the Middle East, and the overall Māori ratio is higher than domestic, and the output release helps to increase corporate overall profitability; 2) The late completion of the US-India project will help reduce tariffs and transport costs: 3) public
The construction of a new material-intelligent manufacturing base and the production lines of alkaline fibreless, electronic veils, and electronic fabric will further boost the high-end company’s products, and the Māori rate is expected to rise.
After the approval of the merger of the Chinese and Chinese shares, China's giant stones competed with the same major shareholders in the Taiwan Ribbon, and there were intra-group competitions. The former Chinese builders group has committed themselves to steadily promoting the company within the three-year period beginning in December 2017.
Business integration addresses competition among peers. Given that the two companies currently operate in the first and second place in the country where they separate, the integration of the two firms at a later stage will bring about complementarity of advantages and reduce inefficient competition and duplication of production capacity, competition patterns in the industry are expected to improve significantly.
Profit forecasting and rating: “recommended” investment rating for “recommended” by a slight reduction in the amount of investment before”, taking into account the marginal acceleration pressure.