Three seasons of smooth, productive, intellectual and overseas deployment contribute to the development of China's Great Stone (600176), three quarters of 2018. The company revealed the third quarter of 2018: the company achieved a gross operating income of $7.629 billion during the reporting period, an increase of 18.48 per cent.
In the third quarter of 2018, the company achieved a gross operating income of 2,611 million yuan, a similar increase of 10.57 per cent, a slight decrease of 3.18 percentage points over the second quarter, and a relatively smooth increase in the base.
The company's technology and new capacity to produce 320,000 tons in the first half of 2018, and its intelligence manufacturing 150,000 tons in September, have increased the company's output. Product prices have remained high since 2018. The Māori rate has continued to rise.
Since 2009, companies have upgraded their products, increased their value added, and gradually increased their market share in high-end markets. The demand for corporate products has grown faster in lightly quantifying automobiles, electronics, etc., and there is still a structural demand deficit in some high-end products and high-end applications, along with wind power, infrastructure, etc.
The growth of demand in the area has stabilized and the whole of the fibre-optic industry will maintain a better pattern of supply and demand, with a further increase in sales of high-end products expected. \triangleright percentage point: the corporate management rate (revision plus R & D) is 7.1 per cent, down 0.81 percentage points from the same period the previous year and financial costs
It was 1.86%, a decrease of 2.81 percentage points from the same period in the previous year, and an appreciation of the United States dollar associated with exchange rate gains. In the third quarter of 2018, the company achieved the source of Eastern financial and intellectual growth, the release of productive capacity and the overseas layout became the firm’s real performance growth in 2019.
The \triangleright 60,000-ton production line project is expected to be launched in the first quarter of 2019, followed by two and three phases, totalling 120,000 tons, which will become the largest electronic veil producer in the country, and the 229a project of the iu's smart manufacturing base is an important step in the direction of the intelligentization of China’s giants.
The company US’s 80,000-ton production line kiln is expected to be operational by the first quarter of 2019. India’s production line layout is already in place. Egypt’s production line has been laid.
\triangleright 13 times, 10 times and nine times, respectively, considering the size of the company as one of the international bovine taps (after Owensconning), the future high-end development and the further development of overseas layout and capacity-release enablers. Maintenance of the company's “very recommended” investment
Figure 2: Change in China's Treble Assets and Liabilities Rate
Figure 1: Change in China ' s Monument Monument Rates, Figure 3: Change in China ' s Monument Single Quarterly Net Asset Gains, Figure 4: China ' s Monument Single Quarter Operating Income
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity. Master of Economics, Central University of Finance and Economics. Entered the securities industry in 2008. Years of industrial research experience.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.