Material material  China's Big Stone Assessment: Increased share of the electronic veil market and a deepening of the differentiated strategy Incident: China's Big Stone announced the first 60,000 tons/year of electronic veils on December 18th,
The market share of the electronic veil has increased, taking a firm step forward. The country is now in production with 764,000 tonnes of electronic veil production line/year (including 1 line made by today's giant stellar intelligence). Smart-making, the base-made electronic veil line has been launched and the company's electronic veil can be raised from 42,000 tonnes/year to 10.2.
Ten thousand tonnes/year, the share of the electronic veil market rose from 6% to 13.4%, signalling the company's goal of moving further to the e-salves. At the same time, according to our calculations, the company's smart manufacturing base is three.
Electronic veil production is more demanding than non-electronic production technology and production management, due to a more sophisticated diameter and higher performance requirements.
Stricter, with an initial investment of about $35,000 per ton in electronic veil production lines, far higher than the 10,000 yuan per ton of non-electronic total equity/flow (million shares) veils, with a high entry threshold, the electronic veil is a high-end product in the fabric.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) Prices and profits are better than ordinary boulders.
Households highly agree, and we expect that the expansion of electronic garnish capacity will further boost the company ' s high-end product ratio, thus contributing to the company ' s differentiated strategy, enabling the company to stabilize through the cycle, China ' s Great Stone (600176).
In recent years, companies have reduced their costs through technological innovation, and the combined costs of these products are now significantly lower.
With the advance of the smart manufacturing base, there is still room for further reductions in the unit cost of the company's fabric and its fibre products, and the profitability is expected to increase further;
At this value, the dividends of the technological advances in the industry will continue to be released, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Chongqing International.
Ticah Bo Ribs, loyal century, China's Great Stones.
(b) The continuing over-anticipated increase in raw materials and fuel prices;
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.