q3 One-quarter non-net interest forecast increase of 29 per cent-61 per cent over expectations, event: the company issued a three-quarterly performance forecast for net profit of $446-490 million in the first three quarters, and based on the three-quarter performance forecast, we calculated that the company achieved a single-quarter return net profit.
The three-quarterly report is over-expected, and we judge that it is mainly due to the accelerated pace of the firm’s order confirmation. As of 30 June 2019, the company had not completed its contract for a total of $2.729 billion, out of which it did not have a month, and the receipt and inspection cycle after delivery was uncertain for three to five months, so it will focus on revenue recognition in the second half of the year.
q3 single-season revenue recognition is about $1 billion, an increase of about 60 per cent over the same period; that is, by the end of the third quarter, the remaining unreconfirmed purchase orders amounting to about $1.7 billion, plus the 1 billion orders announced in July for crystals, are now at least $2.7 billion in hand orders: at the current level of confirmation, we judge the receipt.
In the next two quarters, the company’s performance will continue to rebound. The semiconductor business is in harvest, the photovoltaic technology will have a long demand cycle, and semiconductor materials and equipment will be the focus of the second phase of the fund, which is currently planned for large silicon tablets in the country.
The total investment is more than $150 billion. The big silicon companies that have or are expected to collaborate, including the stronger center, new, research, crystals and other large silicon plants, with four planned total investments of more than $50 billion, would benefit from being the absolute leader of the silicon device.
With the official production of the 8-inch production line in the middle ring, the arrival of 12-inch equipment, which has been procured since June 2019, the pace of preparedness has increased markedly, and the volume of procurement has increased simultaneously, with the expectation of a light-voltage operation, with photo-voltaic silicon tablets entering the new energy cycle in 2019, and single crystals in the next two years.
The penetration rate will be increased from the current 50-60% to 80-90%, while the new 12 inch silicon will be introduced in the middle ring, with higher conversion efficiency and lower cost acceptance by downstream battery customers, which will be a major industry trend, with performance largely in line with expectations and future benefits.
The new technology will stretch the supply cycle of silicon equipment, with crystals power as the only 12-inch device in silicon expansion plus technology, and the provider will benefit significantly, with more than $10 billion in new photovoltaic orders expected over the next three years.
2- "Crystal Power" (300316): Central ring 12 inches of photovoltaic silicon released with a net profit of 677.11 billion, corresponding to 30/18 times the pere, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
3. Crystal Spill Power (300316): in the same vein, silicon expansion is expected to continue.