The winning bid is $1.4 billion in light-voltage orders.
Incident: The company announced on the evening of 31 October that it was the first winning candidate for the first, second and third packages of equipment for the five-phase project on the industrialization of single crystal silicon for the renewable energy solar cell of the Central Mongolian Environmental Association for Photovoltaic Materials (MEC-5), with a total winning bid
For 1,425 million yuan, the delivery cycle is 210 days after the signing of the contract.  The winning bid of $1.4 billion for a large optical voltage order accelerates performance: as of 30 September 2019, the Department had not completed a total of $2,558 million, of which $540 million (in millions) was not completed in semiconductor equipment contracts.
The amount of the contract included VAT. Since the company's main photovoltaic order production cycle was three months, the receipt and inspection period after delivery was three to five months uncertain, and based on the current order confirmation schedule, we ruled that the optical order in hand was expected to be $4 billion and the semiconductor order to be $540 million; and the total hand order was in hand.
Over $4.5 billion, with high growth expected in 2020. A single-quarter profitability has reached its highest level since 2015, and we believe that q3 major revenue recognition orders consist mainly of high Maori monocrystal equipment, and a small portion of the high Māori ratio.
The body-equipment order is partially confirmed at q3. So we expect the company ' s Māori and net profit rates to continue to rise to record highs in 2020 as the semiconductor order with a high Māori rate and a high net profit margin (at hand at $540 million).
The photovoltaic silicon technology will stretch the demand cycle: the photovoltile silicon film entered the new production in 2019, the ring's latest launch of 12 inches of silicon with greater transformation efficiency and lower cost approval from downstream battery users will be a big industry trend.
The crystals engine power, the only provider of 12 inches of equipment, will benefit the most, and it is expected to add more than $10 billion in light voltage over the next three years. According to our grass root research, the equipment of the battery chain is being developed by the manufacturer of the 12 inches of silicon for the production of batteries for raw materials.
In the course of the client validation cycle, it is expected that the roll-out of the entire 12 inches of silicon will continue beyond expectations, that the future of photovoltaic silicon silicon with a large size plus low-cost industry development path will be cleared, that semiconductor operations will enter the harvest period, and that major fund II will focus on national production of equipment and materials, and that large silicon.
It is hoped that the equipment will benefit: semiconductor materials and equipment will be the focus of the second phase of the big fund, crystals, power and power will benefit from being the absolute leader of the large silicon device. The country’s plan for large silicon is now worth more than $150 billion.
Large silicone plants with more powerful central rings, new tubes, research, crystals, etc. crystals are in large silicon devices, with 70-80% capacity for whole-line manufacturing, critical waste silica, and polished fluids with national capacity, which will continue to benefit from the process of national production of large silicone.
Central 8-inch production line is officially in place, with 12-inch equipment coming in. Central ring leads the silicon silicon project, 1; Crystal Gear Power (300316): q3 Industries invested $3 billion to achieve 750,000 a month and 600,000 a month a month a month, from 2017.
It took less than two years to start work at the end of the year.
Quarterly non-net interest increases by 29 per cent-61 per cent, increases in the acquisition of equipment concentrated on cleaning equipment, grinding equipment, detection equipment, and, as the bidding process for 12 inches of equipment is gradually opened, the very high profitability of the crystallizer semiconductor equipment
3. Crystal Spill Power (300316): reported capacity is expected to result in a significant increase in the value of the company in the future. Performance is largely in line with expectations and will benefit in the future
The net profit from silicon expansion + technology overlap is 677.11 million dollars, corresponding to 28/17 times the price of pe, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. (Note: At the beginning of 2017 to date, the total of new large orders on the crystals engine electric bulletins has been 8,393 million yuan, of which the Central Ring
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board