q3 performance exceeded expectations, expected performance slots or arrival of orders accelerated, expected performance slots or arrival of company 2019q1-q3 realized revenues of $2.01 billion, +6.2 per cent; net return on mother ' s share of $470 million, same
This compares to +5.9 per cent (0-10 per cent for the performance forecast period); $450 million for non-returning mothers, +6.7 per cent; $540 million for semiconductor equipment contracts (value added tax is included in the above-mentioned contract amounts).
The amount is $660 million (27.29+ new orders - 8.3=2.558 billion). Since the company's main photovoltaic order production cycle is three months, the receipt and inspection period after delivery is three to five months uncertain, and based on the current order confirmation of progress, we judge that the company's performance will continue to rebound in the next two quarters.
▪ Significant and sustained net inflows of single-season operating cash flows, moving into a healthy development path q1-q3 operating cash flows of 430 million in 2019, an increase of 437 per cent over the same period, of which q3 was a single-season net operating cash flow of 250 million, which was essentially the same as the q2 ring, showing two consecutive quarters of performance
There was a significant net inflow of cash flows; in addition, q3 one-quarter cash sales and services received $820 million, a record high. q3 accounts receivable amounted to $1.53 billion, an increase of 380 million over q2; receivables amounted to $1,120 million, an increase of 110 million over q2.
There has also been a slight increase in bill receipts and receivables, but cash flows have also improved significantly, indicating that companies have moved into healthy development pathways, with pre-receivables at the end of the reporting period amounting to 985 million, or 225 million more than at the end of the previous quarter;
At the end of the period, the amount was 1.33 billion, an increase of 190 million over the end of the previous quarter. The pre-collecting of accounts and inventory remained at a relatively high level, largely consistent with the company’s hand orders.
Semiconductor materials and equipment will be the focus of the second phase of the big fund, with a total investment of more than $150 billion in large silicon plans in the country. The large silicon companies that have cooperated or are expected to work together include large silicon mills, such as the more powerful ones, the new ones, the researchers, the crystals, and so on, with four plans exceeding their total investment.
The inch line is officially operational, 12 inch equipment is entering, and the pace of acquisition of equipment since June 2019 has increased significantly, along with the scale of the procurement, which is expected to benefit significantly as a core equipment vendor.
With regard to photovoltaic operations, the introduction of photovoltaic silicon tablets into the new energy cycle in 2019, single crystal penetration over the next two years, a 29%-61% increase in the non-net profit forecast, higher conversion efficiency and lower cost acceptance by downstream battery customers, would be a big industry trend.
During this period, the performance cap will stretch the demand cycle for silicon equipment, with crystals power as the sole provider of 12 inches, 2, Crystals Power (300316), as reported.
The benefits are expected to be over $10 billion over the next three years. Performance is largely in line with expectations and will benefit in the future from silicon expansion plus technology overlaps.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: the company is expected to earn 2.651 billion yuan in 2019-2020, 12 inches of silicon, technology-altered Le U
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board