A single-season cut-off point, followed by purchase orders, led to the issuance of the company ' s three-quarter report in 2019, which generated operating revenue of $2007 million in the 1-3 quarter, an increase of 6.2 per cent over the same period;
The net return to the mother is 472 million yuan, an increase of 5.9 per cent over the year, which is expected. Of this amount, q3 achieved revenue of 830 million yuan, an increase of 28.4 per cent over the year, and the net return to the mother was 220 million yuan, an increase of 37.4 per cent over the same period, and a rapid release of performance during the first quarter, reflecting the turning point in performance. We maintained the previous profit forecast, net in 2019/20/21.
The company’s performance increased upwards and met expectations. In 2019, q3 quarter, the company achieved a record record record of 220 million yuan, an increase of 37.4 per cent over the previous quarter, and released it on schedule, with the same rate of growth dropping to a sharp drop.
Business (including titanium, polish, fine parts, etc.) has been advancing steadily, contributing to income growth points. We believe that the company’s performance has been growing steadily and with high certainty throughout 2019, or that the equity incentive line will be completed, with reasonable cost controls and high profitability. The company’s Māori rate is 38.2% in the first three quarters of 2019.
At a higher level, it is generally stable. The main benefits are: 1) technological upgrading of the company ' s products, resulting in an increase in the value of the single table of equipment; 2) maintenance of a 13 per cent rate over the period, with a decreasing trend of the same year, highlighting the company ' s excellent cost-control capabilities.
Looking to the future: industry is going up, new orders are going to be taken or will be growing rapidly. According to company announcements, q3 = 2,558 million in 2019, of which the semiconductor will be 540 million. We measure the company's new orders in the first three quarters of 2019, or more than $2.45 billion.
To support a firm’s steady annual growth, equity incentives are expected to be achieved. For the next four quarters, according to the tender information network announcement, the first five rounds of the tender for equipment have been launched, amounting to $1.509 billion in purchases, and the company will either add large orders.
The company’s semiconductor equipment has been deployed for many years, and more of it is in a small batch trial phase, and we judge that with the downstream customers’ non-soil-free projects, the company’s semiconductor equipment has been deployed for many years.
We measure the value of the equipment covered by the company to be more than $5.8 billion (about $8 billion in inches of equipment, orders in inches). Semiconductor equipment has high value, high profitability, and high performance elasticity.
At the market price of 28 October 2019, the light-voltage industry was less than expected and semiconductor promotion was less advanced than expected.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, Yang Shao Fai