Mid-Red Five is mid-point, and the company is the first successful candidate - for the release of the first five winning project candidates in the middle-ring.
On 31 October 2019, the company issued a public announcement to become the first successful candidate. The first batch of equipment for the five-phase project for the industrialization of renewable energy solar cells with single crystalline silicon material was purchased.
The winning bid was $14,4.7 million and the delivery cycle was 210 days after the signing of the contract. The company was the first successful candidate, with the winning bid amount accounting for about 56% of last year’s revenue. On 8 October 2019, the China-China Environment Association issued a five-phase bid for the procurement of equipment for the first five phases of the project.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): The total investment in the equipment procurement bidding programme was 1,509 million yuan, with an output target of 9959 mw/year, with three points. Of this total, the first segment of the plan was to purchase a fully automated crystal growth furnace, with an investment of 1,260 million yuan.
In the second column, it is planned to purchase a single crystal silicon bar grinding one-way device with an investment of $230 million; in the third, it is planned to purchase a single crystal silicon cutter with an investment of $19 million.
The bid is close to 100% of the total. When the photovoltaic silicone sector, which accounts for some of the total operating income in 2018, has been extended, the large silicone project is expected to move fast.
The company, as a leading domestic provider of the photovoltaic monocrystal furnace, covers nearly 90% of the country.
So far this year, the company has signed a contract with the Crystals, entered into the computer, and signed a single crystal furnace of $1,248 million, and a $554 million, respectively, and an accompanying device. For many years, the company has been the provider of a single crystal furnace with stable shares in the Central Ring, and this and the Central Ring will be marked down.
"Estimation of the Dollar Securities Corporation - Crystal Stewardship Power (300316): Performance turning points validated and development stabilized for good " 2019.10.15 Output planning will reach 16gw, so the mid-ring five is expected to continue to move fast, with the company acting as upstream.
The equipment provider will benefit directly. The ratio of operations full of pon semiconductors is expected to increase, and the valuation can be further enhanced.
The world’s macroeconomic downside, the photovoltaic sector is not growing as expected; the domestic semiconductor sector is not growing as expected: the price of raw materials has risen significantly. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report in an independent and objective manner, in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.