On 31 October, the company announced that the first phase of the project for the industrialization of single crystalline silicon materials for renewable energy solar cells was the first procurement of equipment for the five-phase project for the Inner Mongolia China-China Association for Photovoltaic Materials Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “China-China Association for Environment and Development”) issued on the basis of a tender from China for a public service platform.
In the second and third packages, the winning candidates were announced, and the company was the first winning candidate for the above-mentioned project. The total investment in the plan was 1,509 million yuan, divided into three bands. The first segment planned to purchase a fully automated crystal growth furnace, with a target of 995 mw/year for the achievement of single crystal silicon rods.
The target for the realization of silicon rod processing capacity is 9959 mw, with an investment of 230 million yuan; the third-point plan for the purchase of single crystal silicon bar cutters foresees the achievement of silicon processing capacity of 9959 mw/year, with an investment of 19 million yuan. The company is the first successful candidate for the above-mentioned project, with a total winning bid of 1,425 million yuan, or 94 per cent of the current procurement tender.
q3 performance improved markedly, and the advance payments continued to increase significantly. In the third quarter, the company achieved revenue of 830 million yuan, an increase of 28.4 per cent compared to the 28.4 per cent; in the third quarter, the return net profit of 220 million yuan, an increase of 37.4 per cent compared to the 37.4 per cent compared to the third quarter, the company ' s performance grew rapidly, compared to the current year ' s net return of q1 and q2 respectively.
The fall of 6.7% and 16.6%, q3 reversed the decline in performance in the first half of the year, with a momentum of renewed growth. $230 million, with an additional $135.5 million in q1 and a rapid increase in advance payments in the second and third quarters, shows that corporate demand for orders is improving and subsequent performance is expected to be released.
In addition to this winning contract, the company has, since this year, entered into a contract for crystal growth equipment with crystal energy, on-board control, totalling more than $1.8 billion. As of 30 September 2019, the company had not completed the contract, totalling $2.56 billion, of which $540 million had not been completed for semiconductor equipment.
With downstream expansion leading to rising demand for equipment such as single-crystal furnaces and the continued delivery of orders, it is expected that the firm will continue to perform on a fast-track basis in four quarters, with the “market index” reference of this rating system reaching a depth of 300 indexes. In the risk preference rating, products that do not involve a specific variety of recommendations and ratings are rated according to the market studied by the product.
A study with a general risk rating; a study on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, with a low risk rating.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.