I've received the winning notice, the first landing in Central Ring 5 - I've received the China Environmental Association notification for winning the bid.
The company received a letter from the China-China Association for Environment and Development, Pan Asia Engineering and Electrical Equipment Consulting Company of Tianjin City, with a total bid of $142,4.7 million.The company ' s current bid is related to the use of single crystalline silicon for the China-China Association for Renewable Energy Solar Cells.
The first purchase of equipment for the five phases of the industrial engineering project was divided into three packages, with the company ' s first winning package of products, not the full automated crystal growth furnace, with the winning bid of $1,209.6 million; and the second winning package of the winning product category, with the market value in circulation (millions):
The winning amount is $198 million for single-crystal silicon bar grinding and processing a single-line device; the third-package winning product is a single-crystal silicon cutter, with a winning amount of $17.1 million. The total winning value of the company is the impact of the winning project on the company.
The winning bid is important for corporate development. First, the winning bid represents about 56.19% of the company's audited operating income in 2018, and will have a positive impact on the company's future performance. Second, it is further evidence that the company's fully automated monocrystals and smart processing equipment are ahead of the curve.
In the first half of the year, the central ring, crystallography, crystallization, etc., is still in a new cycle of expansion.
"Assessment of the Dollar Securities Corporation: Crystals and Power (300316): Central Ring Five. Plan 25gw, 25gw, 5gw, respectively, declared silicon expansion plan, with a total size greater than the previous successful stove, the company being the first successful candidate" 2019.11.01.
The company, as a leading supplier of monocrystal equipment up-the-post, which accounts for more than 90% of the industry’s high-end customers, will benefit significantly from the expansion of the industry. Meanwhile, the launch of the 12 large silicon tablets in the middle ring, as quoted in The National Dollar Securities Corporation’s Review-Crystal Power (300316): three-quarterly reporting industry.
Technology changes in the industry. The company is a rare inter-industry manufacturer with the ability to provide large-scale monocrystal furnaces, and the market space is wide in the future under monocrystal replacement. In semiconductors, the firm's sediment depth is thick, and it has now developed a semiconductor-grade 12-inch monocrystal, an 8-inch molten furnace, with a deep mid-ring.
At a time when the domestic semiconductor-level industry is expected to be on the verge of investment, single-crystal equipment will be home-grown, with a promising increase in semiconductor operations and a further increase in valuations.
The world’s macroeconomic downside, the photovoltaic sector is not growing as expected; the domestic semiconductor sector is not growing as expected: the price of raw materials has risen significantly. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report in an independent and objective manner, in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.