On October 14th, 2019, the performance trap was validated and development was stable.
· Three-quarter performance forecast for Crystal Steam Power, issued on 14 October, with a projected profit of 446 million in the first three quarters of 2019.
In the first and second quarters of 2019, when the company ' s net return profit increased at a negative rate on a year-on-year basis, the market value of the company in circulation (million yuan): performance in the third quarter was positive at a positive rate on a year-on-year basis and increased to more than 21.15 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Compared to the low industry in the second half of 2018, the light-voltage industry has been warming since 2019, the single crystal silicon sector has started a new round of expansions, company orders have gradually landed, and the progress of customer acceptance of orders has been accelerated, contributing to steady progress in corporate performance over the reporting period.
On the demand side, since the country's new “531” deal has been restored, domestic installation is guaranteed and expected to be at a par, back-loaded or over-expected online. The overseas market has created demand because most of the region has already achieved parity.
In the first half of 2019, the central ring, the crystallography, the incoming aircraft announced an expansion of 25gw, 25gw, 5gw, which was larger than the previous expansion, and the company was lifting it as an upstream photovoltaic single-crystal device.
Providers, with 90% coverage of high-end clients, will benefit significantly from a new round of industrial expansion. Corporate Dossier Report - Crystal Steam Power (300316): Industry warms back and forth, semiconductor business is advancing steadily, and industry has great opportunities.
No, the second half of the year is worth looking forward to. 2019.08.30 The company's semiconductor operations are deep, with 12 inches of semiconductor-grade single crystal furnaces, 8 inches of area furnaces being developed, and a middle-ring lead semiconductor material company established with the Central Ring and Tinless City Government to fight.
The company's semiconductor business is now ready, the company started during the reporting period, the need to upgrade the monocrystal furnaces is 2019.08.17.
The semiconductor equipment and fuel consumption business is steadily advancing, and it is expected that the company's semiconductor business will grow faster as the domestic semiconductor industry moves towards capital. The breakthrough in this level of business also augurs well for the division to move from a semiconductor-conductor-led to a semiconductor-equipment core, with the expectation that it will become a semiconductor-equipment core.
The share of semiconductor operations is expected to grow, and the valuation can be further enhanced. Keep the “buy-in” rating.
This report is presented independently, objectively and with diligence and professionalism, with the author’s qualifications or considerable professional competence, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association. My commitment to the report is based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.