Performance traps show up, and the third quarter of the company’s performance has grown rapidly, with a steady appreciation of its future development. In the first three quarters of 2019, companies achieved revenues of 2,201 million yuan, an increase of 6.2 per cent over the same period, and net return returns of 470 million yuan, an increase of 5.9 per cent over the same period;
Since 2019, the photovoltaic industry has been warming, the monocrystal silicon market is better demand, some silicon producers have started a new round of expansion, company orders have landed and customer acceptance of orders has accelerated; and, in addition, firm semiconductor equipment and fuelwood operations have steadily advanced, contributing to steady corporate performance.
Good development. In the third quarter, the company achieved revenue of 830 million yuan, an increase of 28.4 per cent in the same year; and in the third quarter, net profit of 220 million yuan, an increase of 37.4 per cent in the same year, the company ' s performance grew rapidly, down 6.7 per cent and 16.6 per cent, respectively, from the current year ' s q1 and q2 returns.
Net interest rates increased slightly over the same period, and net cash flows from operating activities increased significantly by 435% over the same period. For the first three quarters, the company ' s Māori ratio was 38.2%, a 1.5 pct decrease over the same period, but the third quarter ring changed somewhat.
Cash flows have improved significantly, with a significant increase of 97.4% in the previous three quarters, compared to the previous quarter, and demand for orders has improved. Since 2019, the demand for single crystal silicon has improved, with some silicon producers gradually starting a new round of capacity expansion.
Technological strength and good branding have expanded the long-term client cooperation base and actively opened up new customers, with a combined contract for crystal growth equipment with the crystal energy, on-board control over $1.8 billion since the beginning of the year. The company's advance payments in the previous three quarters amounted to $990 million, an increase of 97.4 per cent.
As of 30 September 2019, the company was not alone and its future performance continued to grow securely. The investment proposal is that the company is the lead firm in our crystalline silicon growing equipment, with fast performance in the third quarter.
Rapid growth, reversing the decline on schedule. With downstream expansion leading to rising demand for equipment, such as single-crystal furnaces, and the continued delivery of orders, it is expected that firms will continue to grow at a rapid pace in four quarters, contributing to a depth of 300 indexes for this rating system's “market index” reference point.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.