Transistor Power (300316): Single-quarter performance recognizes or innovates high, companies will either get a new order of crystallizer power.
The company's main product is a fully automated single-crystal growth furnace, a multi-crystal silicon, and its performance forecast for the first three quarters, with a projected profit of 446 million-490 million in the previous three quarters, a year-on-year increase.
Shade furnaces, molten silicon monocrystal furnaces, single crystal silicon rollers, single crystal silicon cutters, full automatic silicon polishers, double-face grinders, single crystal silicon rod grinding composite processors, multi-crystal silicon
Company products are mainly used for solar photovoltaics, integrated circuits, led, etc.
Emerging industries with better market prospects, such as industry 4.0.1 Q3 quarterly performance recognition or high innovation has accelerated and the photovoltaic industry has been warming since 2019, single crystal silicon markets are better in demand, and some silicon mills have started to operate.
With a new round of expansion, corporate orders gradually falling, and client acceptance of orders accelerating, the Department’s performance during the reporting period has been steadily improving. The company’s record record of record record q3 single-season performance of $160 million over 18 years, or more than $160 million this year, is expected to rise to an all-time high.
2. According to the request network, China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-United States-led project for the procurement of equipment for the first phase of the single-crysilica-based industrial processing project, with a total value of 1,509 million yuan in three rows,
The total capacity target is 9959 mw/year, of which 1.26 billion dollars is a fully automated crystal growth furnace, 230 million dollars is a single crystal silicon cut, and 19 million is a single crystal silicon cutter. The crystals engine will be expected to capture most of the orders, and there will be a significant increase in corporate revenue.
The 12-inch semiconductor single-crystal furnace is 20 million, the superconductor magnetic field is mainly purchased from Japan, it can produce 5,000 units per month, and the company's equipment was certified by its customers in 2018 and is progressing well.
The Division's semiconductor equipment is expected to be supplied in bulk in 2020, and operations in the relevant areas will be gaining momentum.
Crystal Spill Power (300316): A single-quarter performance recognizes or innovates high, and the company will either get a new order, a source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, a source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports the crystal-spill power (300316): a single-quarter performance recognition or innovation, the company will either get a new order, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the crystals engine (300316): a single-quarter performance is confirmed or innovative, and the company will either get a new order.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.