Crystals and Power (300316): Quarterly Performance, Quarters and Quarters. Quarters. Quarters and Quarters. Quarters. Quarters. Quarters. Quarters.
The company's main product is a fully automated single-crystal growth furnace, multi-crystal silicon.
The net cash flow generated by the operation was $428 million for the months of crystal silicon cutters, fully automated silicon polishers, double-face grinders, single crystal silicon rod grinding composite processors, and multi-crystal silicon, an increase of 436.80 per cent.
Company products are mainly used for solar photovoltaics, integrated circuits, led, etc.
Industry 4.0 is an emerging industry with better market prospects. According to the downstream production extension programme, the expansion of monocrysil tablets is expected to be over 50gw in the following year, requiring equipment.
As the light-voltage industry warms, single-crystal silicon producers have a strong desire to expand their production, not only in the case of head enterprises increasing their production in order to maintain a firm position, with a total of 25gw in the middle ring, which works closely with the crystals, and more than 10gw in the case of the second, and also in the case of the second, and also in the case of the second, and the other, and most of the second, and most of the second, and most of the second, and most of the second, and most of the second, and most of the second, and most of the second, and most of the second, and most of the second, and most of the second, and most of the second, and most of the second, and most of the second, and most of the second, and most of the second, and most of the second, most of the second, and most of the second, the largest, and most of the second, the largest, and most important, is the largest, the largest, and most significant, and most significant, of all, the most of the most of the world.
There are also new entrants in the industry, where silicon producers’ expansion plans drive demand for upstream equipment. According to the latest tender data, single-gw lines are invested at around 130 million, plus other crystal-processing equipment, single-gw lines are invested at 150-160 million yuan, and overall equipment space.
Over $7.5 billion. The crystal-spill power is the leader of the single-silicon-growing stove industry, with a strong downstream willingness to expand, bringing full orders to the crystal-spill power. The company is actively pushing the order forward, leading to three quarters of company performance, a record high of $220 million, and we expect positive orders to continue, with the company's photovoltaic collar.
The demand for a semiconductor of 8 inches of silicon recovered.Semi's latest global fab forecast reports that half of the new Fab plant built in 2019 was 8 inches of crystal, and that three-star power stations were also active in the layout of the 8 inch production line, mainly thanks to networking, 5g, electric vehicles.
The area has a high demand for 8-inch crystal products, with 8-inch crystal circle having a higher value for making sensor mems, car semiconductor products. The crystal-spill 8-inch semiconductor single-conductor furnace was sold in bulk in 2018, and the technology was more mature. As of 2019q3, the company was not half finished.
The shipment equipment contract is $540 million, and it is expected that the return of downstream demand will speed up the order.
Crystal Steam Power (300316): Quarters of innovation, orders are going well, Eastern financial and intellectual sources are going well, Eastern financial and intellectual sources are going well.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports the crystals and power (300316): a single season of high performance innovation, good order implementation, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the crystals engine (300316) has a high level of performance in a single quarter, and the order is going well.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.