Tri-quarterly report on 28 October 2019, confirmed for profit.
Incident: 28 October, the company issued a three-quarterly report. The company achieved operating income of 2007 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 6.23 per cent over the same period of the previous year; the net return to the mother was 472 million yuan, a sharper than the three-quarters, with a single-quarter performance innovation.
The company’s third quarter revenue and profit boom points confirm that, after three months of persistent depression, performance has risen again significantly, while both income and net return profits have risen to the same level as in the first quarter since the market.
There are plenty of hand orders, and cash flows have significantly improved the carrier equipment contract of $540 million. Of this amount, in the course of major contract developments, Central Ring IV and remodelling projects, the Australian solar energy contract equipment has been inspected and inspected. In addition, the company ' s net cash from its operations in the previous three quarters.
This is 428 million yuan, the same level that has risen in the same period since it was marketed. This is mainly due to the sale of goods in January-September, the increase in cash received for the provision of services by 121 million yuan over the same period in the previous year, and the purchase of goods and the acceptance of services.
Cash payments were reduced by $170 million. Five rounds of the Pyrovoltaic Mid-Ride tender started and semiconductor operations were working together.
Corporate Review – Crystalton Machine Power (300316): Industry warm-up to 9959 mw/year, with $1.26 billion in fully automated crystal growth furnaces; the company has been deeply tied to the Central Ring for many years, and is expected to capture the majority of the orders in the Central Five. At the same time, in semiconductors, the company is moving forward this year.
The Replenishment is $270 million ahead of the center, and invests in Zhejiang Kosheng, Jiangsu Jinchi, eight horses in Suzhou, superconducting $10 million, $13.35 million, $5 million, building a semiconductor core manufacturing industry platform.
The share of semiconductor operations is expected to grow, and the valuation can be further enhanced. Keeping the “buy-in” rating.
This report is presented independently, objectively and with diligence and professionalism, with the author’s qualifications or considerable professional competence, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association. My commitment to the report is based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.