Order release to drive a single-quarter performance innovation, crystals and power (300316.sz) downstream booster performance continues to rise in the future.
Liu Lanjing issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2019 and expected to achieve a net return profit of $446-490 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 0-10 per cent over the same period.
A single-quarter performance is at an all-time high, or it will be a cut-off point for corporate performance. According to the company's performance forecast, in 2019, the company achieved a net return profit of 195-239 million in the first quarter of the q3 quarter.
The dollar, which is 21-49 per cent more than the previous year, is a record high. Three quarters of the excess performance is due mainly to the gradual landing of company orders as a result of the warming of the photovoltaic industry in 2019.
Since June of this year, computer data control and crystal energy have announced plans for the expansion of single crystal silicon and signed the first phase of the order for single crystal furnaces, amounting to $550 million and $940 million, respectively, while the two-line companies of Kyoto Express, the Circumpolar Group, the Energetic New Energy and others entered the list in 2019.
In the field of silicon. Against the backdrop of increased competitive patterns in the industry, the industry’s leading central ring shares started phase five of a single silicon silicon project, which invested about $9.13 billion and added 25gw. The first purchases of equipment for the project were tendered in October for about $1.509 billion.
In the context of accelerated silicon silicon silicon silicon production by industry leaders and new entrants, we expect firm performance to grow rapidly in 2020, with a strong degree of certainty. Semiconductor equipment progresses steadily, or will enter the harvest period.
The equipment, mainly long-crystal furnaces and polishers, has successfully developed silicon silicon growth furnaces in the 8-inch zone, 12-inch single-crystal silicon growth furnaces, 12-inch crystal rollers, cutters, double-face grinders, etc.
The company’s semiconductor equipment operations are expected to enter the harvest phase against the backdrop of large investments in the size of several 8-12 inches of semiconductor silicon mills in the country.
The company's photovoltaic single-crystal technology and the city's share are industry leaders and are expected to grow rapidly in the future against the backdrop of accelerated expansion of the photovolcose silicone dragon and the second-line manufacturer. In the context of the trend towards national substitution in the semiconductor industry, the company has developed a self-depreciated 8-12-Engine.
The transistor and the polisher will benefit from the scale investment in downstream silicone plants. We expect a billion dollars, which corresponds to 28.6 and 17.8 times the pe, to be given a “recommended” rating for the first time.