High-value pre-filled orders to ensure growth in performance.
Liu Lanjing Corporation issued an announcement that the CCD Photovoltaic Materials Company Ltd., which had recently won its pre-selection bid, could develop the first five phases of the project on the industrialization of single crystalline silicon materials for solar batteries with renewable energy.
The first, second and third packages for procurement, with a total winning value of $1,425 million, could be considered as having a delivery cycle of 210 days after the signing of the contract.
2. Our analysis and judgement is that large orders are largely landed to enhance security for future performance growth. This equipment procurement is divided into three bands, the first of which is a fully automated crystal growth furnace, which is the winning amount.
The second package of equipment was purchased as a single crystal silicon grinding and processing one-line device, winning the bid of $1 billion. The company ' s uncompleted photovoltaic equipment at the end of q3 was $2.018 billion, if this is the case.
The contract for the pre-supplier contract is on the way, and the company's hand order will be raised. The order is delivered for 210 days, and we expect it to be delivered in the first half of 2020, with the company's industry going up next year, with three quarters of business earning a record high.
One billion yuan, or 5.9 per cent over the same period, of which the q3 quarter generated revenue of 829 million yuan, or 28.4 per cent over the same period; the net profit on return to the mother was $221 million, the highest in the history quarter.
In the first three quarters, the combined gross company interest rate was 38.2 per cent, which is the highest in the year. q1/q2/q3 Māori rates were different on a quarterly basis.
On the other hand, the company’s costs are well regulated, its rates are falling over time, and its net interest rates are on the rise. Downstream silicon millers are more certain about expansion, and it is to be hoped that future orders will continue to accelerate.
This pre-bid project is the fifth phase of the central ring crystal silicon, with a total investment of about 9.13 million yuan and a planned new capacity of 25 gw. Of this, the first equipment to open the bid corresponds to a capacity of 9.96gw, or 40% of the total planned capacity. We expect to move forward with the project.
In addition, other important orders in front of the company are mainly on-board control and crystal energy. Consider that single crystal silicon producers are now more profitable, more productive, and more active in crystallography and on-board I.
Following the completion of the project, we believe that a follow-up order will be released gradually from 2020-2021. The company’s photovoltaic monocrystal technology is leading the industry, and the order is expected to grow rapidly in the future, against the backdrop of the accelerated expansion of the photovoltile silicone tap and the second-line manufacturer.
The silica mills are expected to benefit from the scale investment. We expect to generate $2.9 billion, or $4.8 billion, between 2019 and 2020, less than expected for single crystal silicon expansion and less than expected for semiconductor state production.