High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials Research Centre 48% increase in non-net profits by q3 quarter, performance capping up companies issuing performance bulletins for the third quarter of 2019.
Growth of 6.23%; net return to mother ' s profit of 472 million yuan, an increase of 5.85% over the same period.
The company's performance in the second half of the year has been met by the gradual recognition of operating income after the installation and acceptance of the equipment, 1. Crystal Gear (300316.sz): the three-quarterly newspaper Māori rate reached 38.2 per cent and the net interest rate was 23.3 per cent.
The company ' s operating cash flow of $430 million in the previous three quarters increased by 437 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of the year, orders for semiconductor equipment were more than $500 million, and they were concentrated in the first half of the year. In the second half of the year, orders slowed down, and orders grew more resiliently in the first half of the year. In the first half of the year, the company announced a large number of orders for crystallography and onboard, totalling more than $1.8 billion. As of the third quarter, the company had not completed its contracts.
Two hundred and fifty-eight million yuan, of which 540 million yuan was not completed in semiconductor equipment contracts, on 16 August, the company, as the core supplier of central ring crystallization equipment, benefited significantly from the technological upgrade of photovolatile silicon tablets by issuing “exaggerated” m12 light-voltled silicon silicon silicon tablets.
During the last three months, the company’s semiconductor equipment and appurtenance consumption business has progressed steadily. New products such as automatic silicon polishers, double-face grinders, etc. in the company’s semiconductor field have also accelerated to market. We expect 8-and-a-half inches of Wang Hua.
Follow-up orders for the carrier equipment are expected to continue, with 12-inch equipment orders ready.
The production of the large photovoltaic silicon is not as risky as expected; the risk that semiconductor equipment will continue to receive orders.According to the beginning of 2018 to the present, companies have disclosed major contract orders — as of July 2019, they have announced large orders for crystallized energy and on-board numbers.
Over $1.8 billion in total. As of the third quarter, the company had not completed its contracts totalling $2,558 million, of which $540 million had not been completed for semiconductor equipment.
▪ Based on the new orders issued in the company announcement, new orders for photovoltaic equipment were over $2.6 billion throughout 2018, semiconductor equipment over $500 million, and were concentrated in the first half of the year, with orders slowing down in the second half of 2018, and orders growing again in the first half of 2019. As of the end of June, the company had not completed the order.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment