Photovoltaic equipment will be available in the future, with semiconductor facilities, and Nie Su-hyun published a three-quarter report in 2019, with revenues of $2.07 billion in the first three quarters of 2019.
• The firm’s performance has improved at a positive rate in the third quarter, with the market value of the liquidity/total market value (billion dollars) increasing by 37.38 per cent over the same period. The firm’s revenue recognition for the third quarter has accelerated, leading to a positive firm’s performance cut-off.
At the end of the third quarter, the company failed to complete a contract totalling $2,558 million, of which the semiconductor equipment was not combined with $540 million. The company maintained high orders, and its future performance remained fully assured.
● Photovoltaic equipment: a new wave of expansion is coming, and the company will be ready for future new orders. First reporting date: 7 August 2017, the company received purchase orders for equipment of $554 million on board and $1,248 million in crystal energy.
Related report: 20170807-nrc17-ct47: The Episode of Technology (300316) reports: 10 years of industry, billions of dollars. On this basis, the company's new order for photovoltaic equipment this year exceeds last year.
Wind and rain roads, and the conglomerates of single-crystal silicon equipment have come back to plan five phases of a new 25gw single-crystal silicon capacity, and the company is expected to continue to get a big list. Other companies, such as crystals, still have a single-crystal silicon expansion plan, and orders for the company's photovoltaic equipment are still open.
● Semiconductor equipment: The market is gradually opening. The company currently has semiconductor equipment covering core equipment such as single crystal furnaces, area furnaces, smart processing equipment such as cutters, rollers, etc. The semiconductor equipment as of July 2018 was ordered at the hand order of 540 million yuan.
A semiconductor equipment order of $403 million for the body. In September 2019, the main integrated circuit was officially launched with a large diameter silicon project. The 8-inch production line was officially delivered, the 12-inch plant will enter the mechanical installation phase in the fourth quarter of this year, and the mechanical installation phase will enter the experimental production phase.
The big silicon silicon project is going well, the company’s semiconductor equipment is being validated by the market, and the public division’s future semiconductor equipment is gradually opening up.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.