High-end Equipment and New Materials Research Centre, 3-quarterly performance tipping up, benefiting from photovoltaic monocrysilica expansion, large silicon equipment nationalization
The company announced its performance forecast for the third quarter of 2019 and realized net profits of 446 - 490 million yuan in January-September, an increase of 0 - 10 per cent over the same period.
During the first half of the year, the light-voltage industry began to warm up, the monocrysil silicon market was better demand, some silicon producers started a new round of expansion, company orders were gradually down, and new orders were placed after installation of the equipment and after acceptance, on 1. Crystal Gear Power (300316.sz):
The company's performance in the coming year is guaranteed: the company's new optical equipment order in 2018 exceeded 2.6 billion in 2018.
In the first half of the year, orders for semiconductor equipment slowed down in the second half of 2018 and recovered in the first half of the year. By July 2019, the company had announced large orders for crystallography and boarding, totalling more than $1.8 billion.
The contract was completed in the amount of $2.729 billion, an increase of 12.7 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, the semiconductor equipment contract was not completed on about 16 August. The company, as the core supplier of the central ring crystallization equipment, benefited significantly from the upgrade of photovolatile silicon technology by issuing “exaggerated” m12 silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
In the first three quarters, the company’s semiconductor equipment and appurtenances were steadily moving forward. New products such as automatic silicon polishers, double-face grinders, etc. in the corporate semiconductor sector were also moving faster to the market. Companies are expected to grow into semiconductor silicon devices.
Wang Hua is also in the process of authenticating 12 inches of silicon, and we expect a follow-up order for 8 inches of semiconductor equipment to continue, 12 inches of equipment.
• Policy risks in the photovoltaic sector: lower than expected risk of single crystal silicon expansion as a result of falling silicon prices: medium ring shares, less than expected risk of production of large optical silicon tablets; and the risk of continued purchase of orders for semiconductor equipment.
Appendix 1: From the beginning of 2018 to the present, the company has disclosed the status of major contract orders. • As of July 2019, the company had announced a large order contract for crystals energy, controlled on board, totalling more than $1.8 billion. At the end of June, the company had not completed a total of $2.729 billion, of which it did not.
Completion of semiconductor equipment contract of $575 million.Appendix 2: New orders for companies, outstanding contracts  New orders for photovoltaic equipment over $2.6 billion in 2018, based on new forms announced by companies
In the first half of last year, orders for semiconductor equipment were slowed down in the second half of 2018, and orders rose again in the first half of the year. By the end of June, companies had not completed their scores, and then calculated their final ratings as the average market investment.