A single quarter of performance is released, new orders are issued, and the Tri-quarter report of 2019 is expected to achieve a net return profit in the first three quarters.
Billions of dollars, year-on-year growth of 0-49%, and quick release of single-quarters, slightly higher than expected. Benefit from downstream light, silicon silicon expansion and semiconductor silicon silicon expansion, the company may be approaching the equipment order.
According to the company announcement, in 2019, H1 received a new order in excess of $1.8 billion, with a hand order of $2,729 million, of which the semiconductor was $575 million. The company had ample hand orders to support the firm ' s steady performance throughout the year. The company ' s performance was recognized as historic in the third quarter of this year.
New heights, with steady year-round performance growth with high certainty, or equity incentive targets will be completed. In the future, companies are expected to acquire more equipment to guarantee rapid growth in performance over the next few years, as the downward wave of light-volatile silicon and semiconductor silicon expansion move forward.
The first stage of the tender for equipment has been launched and will benefit the company. According to the tender information network announcement, the Chinese Environmental Association of Mongolia (MEA) published the first phase of the procurement of equipment for the first phase of the conversion of single crystalline silicon materials, with a total purchase of 1,509 million yuan, corresponding to the output target of 959 mw/year.
The company, as a traditional supplier, will either get all the orders. This tender unit, gw, has a reserve investment of $152 million, a decrease of 30-40% compared to the four-phase purchase, and we judge that it is mainly due to the 12 inches of silicon equipment, which increases the volume of silicon per unit and increases the efficiency of single-stage equipment.
The semiconductor equipment is well-structured and the market is expanding. This followed in September the mid-ring launch of the semiconductor silicon rolls, with an estimated total investment of $3 billion in the project and a planned 8-inch polishing.
Seven hundred and fifty thousand per month and 12 inches of polishing. The company's semiconductor silicon equipment was developed ahead of time, with front-end growth equipment and most medium-end back-end processing equipment in place, including: cut-off machines, roll-overs of billions, of which 8 inch equipment of around $1 billion and 12 inches of equipment of around $4.8 billion.
All orders in inch and part of the 12-inch order. Semiconductor equipment has a high unit value, a high profit margin, based on the market price of 14 October 2019, and we maintain the previous profit forecast and measure the net return profit for 2019-2021, respectively.
The delivery of photovoltaic orders has fallen short of expectations, the development of semiconductor equipment and market diffusion have fallen short of expectations.
Yang Shao Fai