A performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2019: the company published a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2019, which is expected to result in a net return to the mother during the first three quarters.
q3 performed at the same rate, reversing the fall in the last two quarters. The company expected a fall in performance this year in the third quarter, with a resurgence of growth. The company expected a positive increase in the first three quarters, on 14 October 2019.
This is mainly due to (1) the gradual warming of the photovoltaic industry since 2019, the market demand for single crystal silicon tablets, better, the start of a new round of expansion by some silicon producers, the gradual landing of company orders, the acceleration of client acceptance of orders, and the promotion of stable corporate performance; and (2) company semiconductors.
During the first half of the year, the demand for monocrysil silicon was positive, with some silicon producers starting to build a new round of capacity building.
The company's advance in the first half of the year was $760 million, a good increase in business. The company's R & D cost $100 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 0.8 per cent.
The share of revenue is 8.5%, an increase of 1.29 percentage points from the same year. The company is committed to building a leading international supplier of high-end photovoltaic equipment, a large-sized, large-input single-crystal furnace that can grow large-scale crystals and meet the next generation of large-scale silicon to single-crystal-growing devices.
The company is the lead firm in our crystalline silicon growing equipment, and its performance has increased in three quarters, reversing the decline on schedule. As downstream expansion leads to an increase in demand for equipment, such as single-crystal stoves, and the delivery of orders, it is expected that the company will continue to grow at a rapid rate in four quarters.
The report, "Ears in depth: the turning point will come and the king's silicon will come", recorded an increase of about 10 per cent to date. We look at the company's performance in the fourth quarter and throughout the year.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.