Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) performance is influenced by the export of q4 Congolese copper-cobalt minerals, and sales are expected to resume once the equity issue is resolved
According to the annual report, 250,000 tons of copper were produced, with 130,000 tons sold; 20 million tons of cobalt were sold, with 13,000 tons sold. The first half of the year was hampered by an outbreak, customs clearance, floods in Durban port, and the second half was blocked by an equity event, which led to a large sale of tfm copper and cobalt.
Affected. We believe that the company is actively consulting with the local government, or that it will resolve the matter in the near future, and that the prices of the company are compared to the 300-percent trend in order to achieve the sale of the copper and cobalt inventory, which will boost the performance of the year.
● The two major copper-cobalt mining projects are well under way and are expected to be fully operational by 2023. Construction progress: during the reporting period, the tfm mixed mining project was successfully completed with the construction of the infrastructure and civil works, with 90 per cent of the installation work in Sector Centre and 30 per cent of the work in Sector East completed; the kfm plant completed
Construction of housing camps completed, major equipment installed and safe, high-quality and efficient inputs achieved, and the project is expected to be operational by the second quarter of 2023. 7-90 million tons of copper production is guided by kfm and 2.4-30 million tons of cobalt production.
Oxygen is better-graded, or will be ready for production, with higher grade than tfm, better cyclicality, bow-drive capacity to leapfrog, China: high-quality development pulls demand in combination with reduced by-product mussels, and continues to be high in the short term.
The company is expected to continue to benefit from a larger volume. The supply of new staple molybdenum in the mine is limited; it has been affected by declining grade levels, slow expansion planning, and a partial mine strike, which is unlikely to increase overseas by-products. The company produced 1.51 million tons of molten metal in 22 years, and 23 years of regulation.
Australasia copper and Brazilian phosphorus: based on the 23-year focus of the annual report, Npm focuses on mining 1. Production guidelines issued, tfm and kfm two coppers.
Mining, planning e22 can be developed to improve overall selection. Brazil accelerates the extraction of phosphorus in the south-western part of the mountain, improving the phosphorus grade.
The goal is to benefit, reduce capital spending, draw energy, drive high-quality project construction, operate high-quality, and accelerate the conversion of resource advantage to productive advantage. 23-24 is the corporate “year of promotion”, with new kfm and tfm expansion contributing mainly to profit growth.
Momentum, Bolivia Salt Lake, is also moving in an orderly fashion, with a steady implementation of the “three-step” strategy for the future, at a rate of 3.9 per cent/2.7 per cent/200 per cent for the same period; a corresponding net return profit is due to the decline in the company's mineral position and fluctuations in the prices and futures of the products; and estimates of mineral reserves are being made.
The information and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legitimate compliance information, and are based on publicly available information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.