The Congolese copper-cobalt production capacity will be released and major metal minerals will be released in large quantities.
Fuhh@cfsc.com.cn tfm copper cobalt production has continued to grow and transport impact sales have declined slightly.
The main output is copper and cobalt. In 2022, the tfm copper and cobalt mineral volume was the highest in history, reaching 2543 million tons of copper, an increase of 21.60 per cent over the same period. Cobalt metal production was 2.03 million tons, an increase of 9.65 per cent over the same period.
At first, the export of products was restricted, leading to a decline in sales throughout the year. In 2022, the company indirectly held 80% of the netm gold mine in Australia, and in 2022 copper production was 227,000 tons, compared to 3.52% in 2022; copper sales were 3.52%.
2.19 million tons, corresponding to 7.18 per cent. 16.2 million ounces of gold, compared to 15.1 million tons of molybdenum in 2022, and 759 tons of thong in 2022, compared to 13.27 per cent. 7745 tons of tungsten sold.
With regard to phosphorus plates, the company ' s phosphorus operations are distributed in Brazil, with an indirect interest of 100 per cent in the Brazilian cil mine and 100 per cent in the Brazilian nml mine. In 2022, the production of phosphorus was 9212 tons, or 7.29 per cent; the sales were 9105 tons, respectively.
The tfm expansion and new production of kfm, and the copper-cobalt mineral entry into the tfm hybrid mining project are progressing well.
In the second quarter of the year, production is expected to increase the production of copper by 200,000 tons per year after delivery, with cobalt production of 17,000 tons per year. The kfm project is close to production. The kfm project is the company ' s proximity acquired in 2020.
The tfm mining area has a world-class green site project with a high volume of resources and a high grade of copper and cobalt ore, with a high potential for mining.
During the reporting period, the construction of the kfm project plant camp was completed, major equipment was installed, safe, high-quality and efficient inputs were achieved, and the project is expected to be operational in the second quarter of 2023. The project is expected to reach the post-natal stage, with an increase in copper production of 90,000 tons/year, and cobalt production.
According to corporate guidance, the Congo tfm+kfm project is expected to produce 36-42 million tons of copper in 2023, with a median value of 390,000 tons, or +53.4 per cent; total cobalt production 1) less than expected growth in the capacity of the company; 2) major mining costs such as copper, cobalt, etc.
Significant increase; 3) political risk of mining overseas; 4) impact of overseas mineral transport continues: 5) company performance falls short of expectations.
Maestro, Business Strategy and six years of new energy research experience: Duffy: a member of the Central Carbon Research Group, Bachelor of Science, Nakayama University, Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, three years of major commodity research experience, responsible for research on colour and new materials.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.