The priority projects were accelerated towards the release period of non-ferrous metal, small metal, operating net cash flow of $15,454 million (+149.6 per cent).
The company's performance was affected by the export of non-repatriated Congolese products. The company's gross profit from sales in 2022 was $16.1 billion, a decrease of $200 million, of which the gross profit from copper and cobalt products fell by $2.4 billion on a year-on-year basis, while the phosphorus product was Māori.
According to the company’s regular reports, the highest/lowest price for 52 weeks is that the company’s copper and cobalt products in the Democratic Republic of the Congo have been sold significantly below production levels since the second half of the year.
Production of 254,000 tons of tfm copper throughout the year 2022, sales of 130,000 tons, tfm cobalt production of 20,300 tons, sales of 126,000 tons, and production of 136,000 tons of copper and 11,000 tons of cobalt at the end of the year. tfm mixed mining and kfm are about to be released.
The completion of the construction work on the infrastructure separation and civil construction, with the completion of 90 per cent of the installation work in Sector Centre and 30 per cent of the construction work in Sector East; the completion of the construction of the kfm plant camp, the installation of major equipment and the achievement of a safe, high-quality and efficient project, which is expected to commence in the second quarter of 2023.
After the completion of the two projects, the tfm copper cobalt mine will increase the average annual production of 200,000 tons of copper, the average annual production of 1.7 million tons of cobalt, the average annual production of kfm will increase the average annual production of 90,000 tons of copper, the average annual production of cobalt 30,000 tons of copper, and the capacity of the company to produce cobalt will increase significantly.
In the postnatal period, the cobalm industry will have more than 70,000 tons of capacity, and the promotion company will be the world's largest cobalm producer.
Investment Recommendations: Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating: The Luoyang Molybdenum Industry (603993.sh) - Development of kfm Cobalt Cobalt Mines, Auxiliary Cobalt Corporation becoming the global Copper and Cobalt Resource Giant, Multiply the Capacity of the World Level Project Building Auxiliary Corporation
Annual Report of the Luoyang Industry (603993.sh): “Build the foundation”, plus producers, with the world's top copper and cobalt mines, two world class projects, construction and commissioning, doubling of the company's copper volume in two years, high performance elasticity in copper prices, unique “mining + trade” models
The export of Congolese gold products has been affected by the company's performance. In 2022, the company's gross profit on sales was $16.1 billion, a decline of $200 million in the same year, of which the gross profit on copper and cobalt products was 2.4 billion in the same year, while the gross profit on phosphorus products was 1.3 billion more.
The gross profits of the products increased by $700 million. According to the company’s regular reports, the company’s copper and cobalt products in the Democratic Republic of the Congo began to sell significantly less than production in the second half of the year, with 254,000 tons of tfm copper produced throughout the year, 10,000 tons of copper stock and 11,000 tons of cobalt stock.
Figure 5: Māori rate in the Luoyang industry, changes in net interest rates Figure 6: Māori rate in the Luoyang industry quarter, changes in net interest rates (%) for the tfm mixed mining project and the kfm project are about to be released.
Completion of the separation and civil construction work, 90 per cent completion of the installation work in Sector Centre and 30 per cent completion of the construction work in Sector East; completion of the construction of the kfm plant camp, installation of major equipment and safe, high-quality and efficient delivery, with the project expected to commence in the second quarter of 2023. It is expected that after the completion of the two projects, there will be an increase in the tfm copper mine.
With an average annual production of 200,000 tons of copper and 17,000 tons of cobalt, kfm will increase the average annual production of 90,000 tons of copper and 30,000 tons of cobalt, and the company will achieve a significant increase in its copper and cobalt production capacity. When the tfm mixed mining project and the kfm project are in place and complete post-partum, the cobalm production capacity in the Luoyang industry will exceed 70,000 tons, and the booster company will be the largest in the world.
Figure 13: Company plans for copper expansion in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (tonnes) Figure 14: Company plans for cobalt expansion in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (tons)
The construction and commissioning of two major world-class projects has resulted in a doubling of the company's copper mineral volume in two years, high performance elasticity in copper prices, and a unique “mineral plus trade” model has helped the company to grow robustly and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject