Qin Railways (601006.sh) commented on the decline in production of coal in Shanxi, the delay in short-term profits and the increase in the number of pending shipments, which led to a return in performance: the company published a 2024 report and a 2025 quarterly report.
Charcoal deliveries accounted for 83.4 per cent of the total delivery of goods; 392.15 million tons, compared with 7.1 per cent, were completed on the Qin line; coal deliveries fell, mainly due to upstream supply constraints, import of coal shocks, changes in energy structure, etc.; passenger operations generated $10.10 billion, compared with 12.23 per cent.
Passengers delivered 46.41 million persons, or 8.3 per cent of the year, 25 q1 Qin line traffic was equal to 5.62 per cent, with a positive return in 2025. 25 q1 national rail cargo volume was equal to 0.99 per cent, and the Grand Qin line accumulated 92.72 million, or the same amount.
On the one hand, the demand for coal is weak owing to the high temperature of the warm winter and the high downstream stocks, on the other hand, the supply side of 25q1 improved during the same period in Shaanxi Province, and in March, the Qin line was reduced by a marginal improvement. The company planned to transport cargo along the Qin line in 2025.
With 400 million tons and a yearly revenue of 78 billion yuan, it is to be hoped that the 2025 volume recovery-led performance scale will promise that the company will distribute dividends in cash every year, split the cash between the core assets of the West Coal East, and run a robust cash price, except in exceptional circumstances.
The ratio of red is no less than 55% of the total net profit of the parent in the year, and the distribution of profits in the medium term is possible, if possible, and the distribution policy remains robust. Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the net profit of the company in 2025-2027 to be the same.
3.87%. The Qin Railway is a leading company in the National Iron Company, East Coal West, and we appreciate the company's ability to operate as well as its considerable dividends and maintain an “uptake” rating.
Quantities.c., ltd Gold House No. 127, Wumenxi Street, Beijing West Side, b Risk factors: macro-economic fluctuations lead to less than anticipated coal demand; coal transport main rail dryings
\triangleright road traffic has increased less than expected; cash has received less than expected; in major areas of transport such as logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation and maritime transport, served as external review members in various provinces
This year, I joined the Nada, which is responsible for research in the aviation, airport, etc., and in the courier, logistics, road, etc. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.