Subtracting efficiency gains are significant, with production-to-production operations infusing the dynamism of companies — China Telecom (601728.sh) Dynamics Study — fast-tracking digital opportunities and steady growth in operating income
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company generated $39,1968 million, an increase of 2.92 per cent over the previous quarter. The main reason was that the company was pursuing rapid development strategy opportunities for the digital economy, with investment in key areas such as large-scale science, technology and innovation, and industrial digitization, and enhanced smart operations.
Promote mitigation efficiency and continuously improve resource effectiveness. 2-wheel drive of basic and output-based operations, invigorating corporate performance 1) mobile communications, corporate products and cloud, ai, quantum, satellite, etc.
Accelerated integration, with a net increase of 14.9 million mobile users to 423 million, 5g package users to 345 million, with a penetration rate of 81.6 per cent, and mobile users to 45.6 yuan, which remains stable; 2) fixed nets and intelligent family service providers
In the first three quarters of 2024, wired broadband users reached 196 million households, wiser court revenues increased by 17.0 per cent the same year, broadband combined arpu2 was $47.8, and the value of the wise court continued to rise; 3) industry digitized with "Wet+ Cloud+ai+"
Application to meet the digital needs of thousands of industries. In the first three quarters of 2024, companies generated $105,549 million in revenue from digital businesses, an increase of 5.8 per cent over the same period.
Billion dollars, 19.3 per cent more than the previous year, mainly to focus on strategic and emerging industries and future industries, to continuously scale up science, technology and innovation, to strengthen key core technologies, and to upgrade core competencies.
Effectiveness, continuous improvement of resource efficiency, with sales costs of $39,435 million, corresponding to 19, 17 and 16 times, respectively, and with the wave of digital transformations, the number of production operations moving deeper, the company will benefit from continued revenue and profit recovery.
I, for the first time, gives a “buy-in” rating of investment. Risks, downstream demand, fall short of expected risks.
Mao Jianxin: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of work experience in American semiconductor companies, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in Ko Yonghau, 2018-2020: Doctor of Physics, University of Gangdan, successively in China Tech Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate
Ludjoyang: Master of Arts at the National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng Seok, four years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Shuu: Bachelor of Science in International Political Economics, University of Haya padada, and Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, 2023, who joined China to reflect his research views.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.