ii China Telecom (601728.sh)
Reduction of efficiency gains achieved in a phased manner, yield and operational income targets largely met 1) further optimization of resource allocation and reduction of efficiency action results is now \triangleright
Interest expenditure falls. Corporate cost control continues to be optimized, and efficiency action has been effective, benefiting public data: 30 September 2024. 2) mobile and netting operations continue to grow steadily
We believe that, as the company enriches the content of the integration platform and accelerates its intellectual upgrading and continues to integrate new elements such as clouds, ai, quantum, satellite, etc. into standard products, business values are expected to be raised steadily.
In the area of fixed networks and intelligent family services, 2024q1-q3, company fixed networks and smart family services income 95.624 billion yuan, or 2.9 per cent of the year; the number of wired broadband users amounted to 196 million households, the number of smart households' income was +17.0 per cent, the broadband integrated arpu was $47.8, and the value of intelligent families continued to rise.
We still have potential for growth in the fttr market and gigabytes of applications, and companies are accelerating the fttr upgrades, adding home-wide intelligent applications, and using platforms such as the smart family, the intelligent community, the digital village, i.e., Zhao Tianwoo.
Upgrading and accommodation are mutually reinforcing, and as the sunk market opens up, it is hoped that brand-effect communities, rural life circles and service circles will be formed to safeguard long-term growth dynamics. (3) Productive operations will largely meet their intended targets and sustain corporate growth dynamics.
In terms of industry, companies continue to deepen their focus industries and reach out to partners to promote the integration of digital technology and the real economy, based on the concept of “net + cloud +ai+ application”.
We believe that companies are expected to continue to benefit from the rising digital demand for a thousand jobs in society, and that the digitalization of business will remain a second growth curve that will inject new dynamism into the growth of companies. The outlook for the year is that companies strive for a good year-round growth in income and ebitda, with net profits rising by more than revenue.
We believe that corporate income profits are growing robustly, while capital spending continues to decline, with a further increase in the red rate, and that there is still room for improvement in the valuation against mainstream overseas operators, maintaining a “buy-in-a” rating. There is a risk that users in the communications industry will decline at a faster rate.
\triangleright The risk of an increase in the sky cloud base and a slowdown in competition in the market. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
Due to external policy constraints or the limited internal supply of additional intellectual goals, it is not possible to meet the risk on time. Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.