Vitamin short-term pressure, spiced egg ammonium producing new and emerging (002001) research brief
In recent years, the company has been developing animal nutrition, such as s148512060006, fragrances and new materials.
The first and second phases have been completed, and the vitamin operations are under short-term pressure, and the profits are still considerable in one quarter.
Prices have fallen, supply has increased, and effects such as avian flu have been the main reasons for the fall in prices of vs. vs. vs. vs., however, the company’s cost-control capacity has been strong, with a net profit of $230 million a quarter.
The company’s fragrances are second-largest in the country. The aromatic salves, the lemon formaldehyde series, are internationally competitive. The company’s fragrances still have the potential to sustain income growth of around 20% per year in the next three to five years.
The company plans to raise funds to build a further 250,000 tons of capacity by the end of the year. By that time, the company will be the world’s third largest producer of amino acid, with annual revenues expected to reach $6 billion.
A solid balance sheet and a strong cash flow. The net inflow of cash from corporate operations since 2008 has been maintained at profitability forecasting and valuation: sustained product research and development, a well-developed industry chain layout, and good production management will ensure that companies are in the lead in intense market competition. Companies are expected to compete in 2017-2019.
“Recommend” rating given to companies.2 New and Quantified (002010) Research Express: pps and Eggs Acids project is well advanced, new and re-emerging track”
• A short-term pressure on vitamins and growth from flavoured egg amino acid.
The company ' s vitamin products consist mainly of ve and va, which contributed $3.17 billion in operating income in 2016, with a Māori rate of 51 per cent.In 2016, sales of the company ' s vitamin business declined from 2015 and were mainly affected by the suspension of the g20 period, which resulted in a 24 percentage point increase in the Māori rate of the company ' s vitamin business, the largest increase in the company ' s performance.
Since then, the price of ve, va has fallen, and the price of ve, ve, ve, va, is now about 48, ve, va, va. For the price of ve, and va products, the company believes that the recent avian influenza outbreak has affected the demand for vitamin products and that the recent foreign market has been weak.
The increase in the new supply has had an impact on the market in Ve, resulting in lower prices of the product. Figure 1: Vitamin price trends, since the nutrition operations represented by v. v. v. v. v. v.
Price falls have had a negative impact on the company’s short-term performance. But the company’s cost-control is strong, with 27% of the company’s nutrients operating at the lowest price levels in 2015 and remaining profitable.
The growth of business will partly compensate for the decline in nutrition operations. According to this year’s quarterly report, the company’s business earns $1.23 billion, making a net profit of $230 million.
Figure 2: Income from Main Businesses, Figure 3: Trends in Mäori Rates across Businesses
The fragrance business has grown steadily, and the fragrance business is already second-largest in the country. The fragrance business continues to grow, relying mainly on the constant abundance of products, because the market capacity of individual products is limited and only if new products are constantly emerging will the overall size be larger.
The company plans to build some new spices at Shandong base, including 6,000 tons of ethyl malt, 3,000 tons of methyl phenol, 3,000 tons of quinyldehyde, 5,000 tons of hyphenol, 1,600 tons of cervix, 1,000 tons of phenol, and 1,000 tons of phenol.
The construction of the above-mentioned project will ensure that companies will continue to enrich their product lines and improve their competitiveness. We believe that market demand for spices continues to grow and prospects are better.
A well-developed supply chain system, continuously optimized processes, has a stable product quality, low production costs, and has a very competitive edge in the industry. As new products continue to be put into production, the company ' s fragrance business will remain on track for the next three to five years.
3. The first phase of the EPP project was successfully launched, with a further 250,000 tonnes/year of capacity to be built in phase II. EPP is also known as a meta-thiophos-butyl acid, a methamphetamine, and a molecular formula (c5hi1no2s).
One of the basic units of quality is the only amino acid containing sulphur that is necessary for animal growth.
The growth of the livestock industry has led to a sustained increase in the demand for ecstasy. According to the advisory bodyfedinfo, global consumption of ecstasy in 2016 is estimated to be about 1.17 million tons, an increase of 5.1 per cent over the same period. Global consumption of ecstasy is expected to continue at an average annual rate of 5-6 per cent, with an additional demand of about 60-7 million tons per year.
New and emerging technologies have mastered the production of ecstasy. In the second half of 2015, the company launched Eggs.
The project was completed in mid-2016 and successfully completed in January 2017, producing qualified products. It is known that the company currently produces a good production of EPPs, that production loads have steadily increased, and that the product has officially started to be sold by 2017.
During the four-quarter period, the PAC phase reached normal load levels, allowing for the export of PAC products to cover major global markets.
The company ' s PAC Phase I project, which is fully up to about 40,000 tons per year after delivery (based on 80% start-up rate), currently has a market price of about 225,000 yuan per ton of pyre amino acid, corresponding to about 900 million yuan.
New Union (002001): Vitamin short-term pressure, affluent acre acid growth, the current market for ecstasy is in the middle of a low plate, and the price of ecstasy has been at a low level for almost five years. We judge that the price of ecstasy is expected to rise steadily as farming progresses, and there is still room for increasing the profitability of ecstasy products.
Despite the high concentration of the market, companies, as new entrants, are not afraid to compete. By increasing production efficiency, lowering costs, establishing a foothold in the market, and expanding market share.
Based on a good outlook for the market for ecstasy, a public announcement of a new and published plan to raise up to $4.9 billion to build a two-phase project for ecstasy with an additional 250,000 tonnes/year. The second phase is planned for a four-year period, and is expected to grow gradually over the next few years, reaching 300,000 tonnes/year.
By that time, the company will be the third largest producer of pyrecine in the world, and the annual income of the pyrecine business is expected to exceed $6 billion. 4. New materials are still under cultivation, and new materials have been built in the second phase of the pss. New materials are one of the company’s major development priorities, with the main product being polysulfide (pps).
The "pps 2 10,000 tonnes/year project" was completed at the end of March 2017, and the second phase was operational and the output product met the design requirements. The company ' s "pps 2 " project " was completed at the end of March 2017.
After certification in Japan, the United States, etc., products have been exported to markets such as Japan, Korea, Europe, and the United States, with initial customer approval. About half of pps products are sold domestically and half are exported.
The raw materials package and the soil share partnership are expected to be nearer in October 2018. The polymer is based on two devices, which are currently in good production conditions. In terms of adaptation, the company, in partnership with dsm, has set up a joint venture (new and 40% shareholding), based on the technology and customer advantage of dsm in the field of engineering plastics, which is the main attack on cars, electronics, etc.
In the future, the company will try to make a breakthrough in the area of apps. The company’s apps business will expand its production scale, enrich its product specifications, expand its applications, and expand its market by increasing the value of its products and products.
The growth of Eastern financial resources has been based on a competitive advantage in the vitamin market, which has been on the market for 13 consecutive years since its entry into the market in 2004.
By the end of the first quarter of 2017, total corporate assets were $11.9 billion, net assets were about $8.3 billion, and the asset-liability ratio was only 30%. Companies had a strong cash-creating capacity. Sustained cash inflows were the basis for companies’ continued financial soundness and development.
Cash payments, such as fixed assets, amounted to $1.23 billion, indicating that the company was re-entering its development phase and that new projects were being built up, which were guarantees of future growth in corporate income and increased profits. Based on its continued profitability, the company maintained its cash share for 13 consecutive years, with a cumulative cash share of $3.02 billion.
In the last 13 years, the cumulative equity payments of companies have been 31.7 per cent, and in the last five years, figure 7: The companies have been on a continuous stream for 13 years.
The company has been working closely with research institutions such as Zhejiang University, Beijing University of Chemical Industries, Shanghai Institute of Organic Sciences, etc. It has now established supercritical reaction laboratories, national entrepreneurship technology centres, national postdoctoral workstations, etc.
In 2016, 992 company R & D workers and about 250 million yuan in R & D investment remained on track. The share of R & D inputs in operating income remained at over 5%. Companies will maintain high R & D inputs, ensuring that new products are developed, and the source of financial prosperity in the East will continue to grow.
New Sum (002001): Vitamin short-term pressure, affluenced egg amino acid growth. Figure 8: Growth of R & D inputs, clear management strategy for new and integrated management, rich technological reserves, well-managed, and a good company.
In the short term, the fall in the prices of v and va has had a negative impact on the company’s performance. But in the medium and long term, the company’s investment in new materials, animal nutrients, etc., has also gradually paid off, the fragrance business has grown steadily, polysulfide (pps) materials will be released, and a 50,000-tonne/year project has already been implemented for ecstasy.
With the completion of the production, the project of 250,000 tonnes/year of pyre amino acid is steadily moving forward. Sustained product development, improved industrial chain layout, and good production management will guarantee companies a leading position in intense market competition.
The higher share of ve and va in the company's main business, if prices of ve and va continue to fall, may lead to the company's performance.
The source of financial growth in the East, Shinzu (002001): Vitamin short-term pressure, fragranced egg amino to grow.
Head of the Basic Chemical Industry Group, nine years of experience in the securities industry, good at capturing the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
Liao Peng Fei China Petroleum University (Beijing) Master of Chemical Technology, which took office at the Beijing Institute of petrochemical lubricant in China in 2010-2015, at the People ' s Bond in 2015 and at the East Hing Bond in 2016.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.