Ten years of grinding, new materials and pygmy ammonium are reaping. New and final (002001) depth reports. New and final.
The company, which is the country's vitamine and vitamina taps, has been working hard in recent years to develop operations such as ecstasy, s148512060006 fragrances and new materials, of which the ecstasy phase has been successfully completed and the polybenzene sulfide phase has been completed.
Since October 2016, the prices of v and va have fallen. But the company has a strong cost-control capability, a well-developed industry chain, and an unfavourable market situation.
In 2016, the company generated $1.18 billion, a 24.6 per cent increase, and the Maori rate of 37.2 per cent, the company's spice business has already reached the second highest level in the country.
The company’s fragrance business still has the potential to sustain income growth of around 20% per year in the next 3-5 years.
In January 2017, the first phase of the project was successfully launched, and it is expected to reach normal loads by the end of 2017, when the company plans to raise funds to build a further 250,000 tons of capacity. The company will then be the world’s third largest producer of amino acid.
Dealers are expected to make an annual contribution of $6 billion to the post-partum operations, with a solid balance sheet and a strong cash flow. Net cash inflows into corporate operations since 2008 have been maintained at 1, New and Emerging (002001) Research Brief: Vitamin Short.
Episode pressure and growth of flavoured egg amino acids. 3, New and Xin (002010) Research Express: pps and eggs Acid projects are moving forward, new and re-emerging track.
1. Based on synthetic technology, the production of nutrients, fragrances, new materials, 3 major operations, 1.1 technology leads, and nutrients, new materials, have a high profile.
The first company to be listed as a small and medium-sized company has been based on vitamine (ve) and vitamina (va). In addition, the company has been active in extending the product chains of v. va into the fragrance and new materials domain.
The company has established three modern production bases in Zhejiang, Zhejiang and Shandong District, of which Seng Chang mainly produces raw materials and nutrients; it is in danger of producing nutrients and new materials; and the Shandong region mainly produces fragrances and glucose acid products. The company ' s products cover more than 100 countries around the world, including Europe, South America, North America, the country, Asia and the Pacific, and the Middle East.
The company is developing a balanced pattern of growth of its three main lines of operations: nutrients, fragrances, and new materials. In 2016, the public sector ' s nutrition operations (the main product is vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. Rs.) achieved an operating income of $3.17 billion, and the fragrance business met an operating income of $1.18 billion.
The market is stable and the fragrance business is growing rapidly, while the company is strategically entering the new material field. The first project, “5,000 tons of polysulphine” was officially launched in January 2014, the new 10,000 tons of polysulphine project was completed in March of this year, and the first phase of the pyreamine project was officially launched in January of this year.
At the start-up stage of the new project, the future development of the company's three major portfolios will be more balanced.
The company’s three major business plates have a technical commonality, and some of the products are upstream and downstream in the product chain, so the three business plates have a strong synergy in their development and are better able to take advantage of the company’s technological advantages. For example, aromatics can be used not only for the production of v, but also for the greatest amount of spice in the world.
Not only can the raw material of formaldehyde produce violet ketamine, but it is also the main ingredient for lemons and citrus fragrants. The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom is a clear strategic positioning of companies that focus on areas where technology is difficult, industry barriers are high, and production is profitable.
With the long production processes, complex synthetic processes, and the difficulty of waste disposal, the above-mentioned upstream barriers are rising today, with firms that are technologically closed and environmental standards not being met being phased out. This is accompanied by technology.
The market share of firms with the advantages of technology and size has increased, and the profitability of products has remained high. The Māori ratio of companies vá, viva, has remained stable at about 40-50% over the long term, and the Māori rate of flavour operations is over 20%. We anticipate that Māori levels for new materials operations are around 30%.
Basic chemicals such as falcon, fibre optics, but the relative concentration of the market for these products, with a relatively low probability of hostile price wars, can guarantee companies good and stable profits.
Figure 5: New and adult development history: Bioproducer research and development successful in 2002
Sugar ethanol was identified as a new priority product at the national level, the first company to be listed in mid-2004.
The production of raw materials, veterinary drugs through gmp certification of the B-Valoxone national torch programme, through acceptance, was the first shrimp mercurin production company in the country.
Development of vitamin-e routes The country's first and world's third lemon formaldehyde producer, "Carta ammonate", "80 tons/year bicyclocine",
The project of the National Torch Project, through the acceptance of the new Santung Pharmaceuticals Company Ltd., successfully launched a test vehicle and set up a new research and development centre.
The new apps project was successfully tested, and the met project started in collaboration with Shanghai Organic Institute of Chinese Academy of Sciences and entered the field of major chemicals.
The pa started to test it, set up the Tethman New ortho Engineering Plastics Company Ltd., and signed an investment cooperation pps project with Zhejiang soil.
The first international patent for pps was granted in Japan.
2.1ve markets maintain oligopoly with a high market concentration, with a global capacity of about 12,750 tons and a global annual consumption of around 100,000 tons.
The above four companies have been farming for years in the market, with a clear technical, size, customer advantage, and are in the first echelon in the market. The technology also has the capacity to produce trimethylhydrazole, which has been built into 20,000 tons of annual capacity, and has been officially sold out since 2017.
In the third row, the company is the North Pharmacy and Gilling North Sand, and the two companies are in a position to follow the market. Overall, the market is still a highly concentrated oligopoly, but in 2017 it was 20,000 more.
Tons of capacity are starting to produce products and have a greater impact on market supply, leading to a price offer for the market that, since 2017, had been a major supplier of Gilling North and North Big Medicine, and now we're a direct competitor, which we've judged will erode the markets for Gilling North and North Big Medicine, Gilling North Sand and North.
Four companies in the first echelon will continue to lead the market because of their obvious competitive advantages. We expect that the global market will have to go through a process of rebalancing, with growing market demand depleting new supplies.
2.2 Improve the production process, reduce pollution emissions, reduce costs ve long production processes, while traditional processes generate large amounts of waste water and sludge in the production process, while by-products are more numerous and generate large amounts of energy consumption.
On the basis of this, a new ve-synthetic process was developed, known as the "Chemical Full Synthetic Production Process". The production process can be divided into 12 processes, namely, glycone, aromatic acetone, flanyl acetone, plant ketone, and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
G.G. Reagents, isoplantol, beta-isophoxone, aerobic ketone, transliterate, vitamine synthesis, eventually receiving 92% of ve crude oil. New and improved techniques reduce pollutant emissions and production costs.
According to the company’s feasibility report, new processes have reduced wastewater emissions by more than 90% compared to the old processes, emissions from the slag by more than 95%, and reaction energy consumption by more than 80%, significantly reducing the pressure on end-of-pollution management. The introduction of new processes has consolidated the company’s weakness in the area of ve.
The competitive advantage of new and integral areas is also reflected in the company’s control of the entire production process. Companies have the ability to synthesize the various intermediate products in the production process and thus have better process and cost controls throughout the production process, creating a unique competitive advantage.
Figure 6: Summary of the vitamine process flow chart 2.3ve price fluctuations may have less impact on company performance than expected
ve market offers hovered at $40-50/kg. ve prices rose significantly between January and September 2016, from $40/kg to $90/kg. ve prices began to fall again in October 2016, and the current domestic market offers fell again to around $40/kg.
Figure 7: Trends in national production and market prices in va, Figure 8: Annual growth in our exports
New Union (002001): Ten years of grinding, new materials and pygmino acid are reaping an average price of about US$ 0.68 million per ton (approximately US$ 46/kg) of current exports, which is 5.6 per cent lower than the average value of exports for the entire year 2016. The size of our exports is so large that the volatility of export prices is linked to the profitability of the enterprises involved.
A higher degree, with less volatility in average export prices, means that producers do not have as much profit volatility as the domestic market price offers show. The Māori ratio of new and manufactured vitamins remains high, and the cost advantage reflects competitiveness.
ve Prices are in a downward cycle, and Māori levels in new and finished nutrients (mainly v, va) have fallen from 50% to 27.1%, a decline that is less than the decline in prices. In the face of an unfavourable market situation, companies have been able to hedge their products to some extent by restructuring their products, improving their production processes, and saving costs.
In a lateral comparison, the Māori rate for new and finished nutrients is higher than the rate for peer-to-peer Zhejiang medicine.
The Māori rate is about 15 percentage points higher than that of Zhejiang medicine. The price of v. v. v. The Māori rate rose significantly in 2016, with 51.1% Māori for new and finished nutrients, 45.6% Māori for Zhejiang medicine, and about 5.6 percentage points higher for vitamins.
On the whole, we believe that the new and emerging market has been one of the oligarchs of the market by virtue of its size and technological advantages in the field of Ve. Although the market has been exposed to new competitors and the prices of the product are low in the short term, the new and emerging market will continue to make considerable profits with the existing competitive advantages, with the company ' s nutritional products in 2017.
2.4 With the completion of the first phase of the project, production will continue to expand in the future, with success in the new and emerging markets of Ve and va, with downstream applications mainly in the feed and animal farming industries. Based on a firm ' s deep understanding of downstream markets, companies see a huge market space for the products of the crop, as well as strong benefits.
Ryo. So the company has embarked on the ellipsic acid project and is determined to occupy the market in this multinational corporation and the oligopolistic monopoly, known as the ecstasy, the methth ammonium ammonium, which is (c_5h_no_2s). The amino acid is one of the basic units that make up the protein and is the only amino acid containing sulfate that is necessary for animal growth.
Inner synthesis of the object must be ingested from food. Protein acid is a “bone” amino acid synthesized in proteins, which has a strong modifier function for biological metabolism of the animal body and is one of the most important amino acids. The main applications include feed additives, medicinal nutrients, food additives, etc.
Pyramid is essential for the farming industry, and the global market demand is strong. According to these estimates, it can reduce the cost of avian feed by about 23% by adding 0.2% of the acid to the feed compared to the total non-aggregation of the acid. Pyramid is therefore an important animal feed additive for the reduction of animals.
Global consumption of ecstasy in 2016 was about 1.17 million tons, with a growth rate of 6% per year. In the short term, supply and demand were weak, leaving the level of profitability still under pressure.
Major companies in the industry have won, Noves has announced price increases of 7% and Noves 8%, indicating that the price of ecstasy has hit the bottom. The global market for ecstasy is now dominated by four companies that have won the Delgados, Andy Su, Noveys, and four of their friends, as described above.
Four enterprises account for about 90% of the market share of the global market for ecstasy. The market is highly concentrated, reflecting, on the one hand, the difficulty of producing ecstasy, the high financial requirements for project investment and the high entry threshold for the industry, and, on the other hand, the relatively high profitability of ecstasy products, even though the current price of ecstasy is at a lower level, at $20/.
In 2015 and 2016, Māori levels for ecstasy products were once above 50%, yielding rich returns to the production firms concerned.
New Sum (002001): Ten years of grinding, new materials and protein amino acid to harvest, figure 10: Global competition patterns in the market for ecstasy, 2016: 2.5 years of grinding and production of ecstasy.
After 10 years of research into the industrial production of neo-consistec acid, which was fully technically demonstrated and tested repeatedly, key techniques for the production of protein amino acid were successfully acquired and the technology for the production of high-quality protein amino acid was developed.The company applied in September 2012 for a patent on the production of protein amino acid, which was obtained in February 2014
In January 2017, a test vehicle was completed for a new phase of 50,000 tons/year of ecstasy. This marked a substantial breakthrough in the company's operations. The latest available information shows that the company's ecstasy plant is working well.
The installation load has been increasing steadily, reaching about 70%. The domestic market already has new and manufactured ecstasy, and the subsequent expansion plan has been steadily moving forward with the successful launch of the ecstasy phase. The company has released a plan for the non-public development of stocks, with no more than $4.9 billion in funds, all of which will produce 250,000 tons of ecstasy per year.
The company ' s annual operating income from the acid business will increase gradually from $400 million to $2.5 billion. Assuming that the annual price for the sale of the acid will be 20,000 yuan per ton in 2017 and 25,000 yuan per ton over the next three years, the annual operating income from the company ' s acid business will increase from $400 million to $2.5 billion.
The source of Eastern financial and intellectual growth is that firms tend to enter areas with higher technical barriers and fewer competitors in terms of their new and evolving development.
We are optimistic about the company’s entry into the field of ecstasy and its good returns. 3. Fragrances: new products are on the move and the scale of production is growing rapidly.
Because the production of intermediate products is also important for spice production in the production process, the company naturally enters the fragrance field and does it more and more. Here we look at the new and fragrances business. 3.1 The fragrance market is large and growing steadily.
The fragrance industry is an important raw material for coitus. The fragrance industry is a raw material for the blending of spices, which is a special product closely related to the life of the human community and whose products are widely used in the food industry, the solar-chemical industry, the pharmaceutical industry, the tobacco industry, the feed industry, etc.
As the quality of life improves, downstream industries, such as food and beverages, become more demanding for fragrances. The global market for fragrances has grown in size, from $7.8 billion in 1990 to $23.9 billion in 2013, with a combined annual growth rate of 5%.
The Asia-Pacific region, which is expected to be the fastest growing region in the coming years, mainly dominated by China and India. According to Freedonia, a leading international market research institute, 2016.
The global market for fragrances will total $26.5 billion. Bccresearch studies show that the global market for fragrances is expected to reach $35.5 billion in 2019, growing at an annual rate of 5.8 per cent.
With its products and technologies in place, the company began to develop fragrances, although new entrants into the fragrance industry have introduced new products every year, allowing the company to maintain a 20-30% annual increase in the revenue from its fragrance business.
Among the products to be produced are: aromatic alcohol series, folicol series, lemon formaldehyde series, methyl ester dihydromistone, raspberry ketone, etc., and these products are already being produced on a global scale and are mainly exported to globally renowned companies such as Xihuaton, Fennian, and others.
The core product aromatic and lemon formaldehyde is stable and internationally competitive. The aromatic series, which is used not only for the production of v, but also for the greatest amount of spice in the world; the lemon formaldehyde, which produces not only va but also violets, is also the main source of lemon and citrus spices.
The company’s fragrance business is located mainly at the Shandong Pilgrim Production Base, which occupies about 1,000 acres, and plans to build new fragrance projects at Shandong Base, including an annual production ton of phenol, 100 tons of ethylacetate production line, and an experimental set of 160 tons of cervix per year.
The construction of the above-mentioned project will ensure that the company continues to enrich its product lines, expand its production and improve its competitiveness.
In 2012, the Māori rate rose from 14 per cent to 37.3 per cent in 2016.
Nutritional operations are well supplemented. 4. New material business: the lead country in polysulfur ether business, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
New Sulphur (002001): Ten years of grinding, new materials and egg amino acids are about to harvest 4.1 polysulfan market profile Polysulfurether (polyphenylenesulfide) in English short, pps, a new high-performance thermal resin.
Poly-sulphine molecules are relatively simple, the main chain of molecules is intertwined by benzene rings and sulfur atoms, with large amounts of benzene rings giving hardness to pps, and a large number of sulfur ethers providing soothing so that they are symmetrically symmetrically symmetrically and highly crystallized. As a result, pps have mechanical strength, high temperature resistance, chemical resistance, inflammability, good thermal stability, electricity.
Poly-sulfur ethers as an indispensable chemical-friendly new material can be exposed to acidic conditions for long periods of time and can also be used in high-temperature environments with higher filtration efficiency. Poly-sulfur ethers can also be used in industrial coal-fired boilers.
In the automotive industry, polysulfur ethers are often used as carburetors, evolutionary agents, gas pumps, connectors, oil-packing parts, etc. Specially, as cars develop lightly and at low cost, mechanically good, high-temperature, corrosion-resistant polybenzene
The polysulfurether fibres have excellent textile processing properties, low wetting rates and higher melting points than other molten spinal fibres produced in the current industrialization, the main use of which is a needle-painting or fabric, in addition to being used for drying.
Robot, sewing, various protective clothing, heat-resistant clothing, electrical insulation materials, electrolysis diaphragms, brake friction sheets, radio-resistible space fabrics, etc. Polybenzene sulfide is stable in its size and is often used in the production of sophisticated instrumentation parts, such as cameras, speed rotations, etc.
Tables, gears, electronic watches, optical reading of first-class parts. Poly-sulfur ethers are also used as high-performance electronic encapsulation material and mechanical sealing material to replace epoxy resin in special semiconductor manufacturing as encapsulation material or as special paper for the electrical sub-industry.
The use of polysulfur ethers is also widespread on ships and aerospace. Militaryly, they are also used for the production of a number of components such as strikers and guided missile vertical tails, missile combustion chambers, aerospace vehicle plug-ins, especially for the production of invisible fighter jets and bombers' main components and parts of nuclear submarines that are resistant to nuclear radiation.
As polysulfur ethers are highly resistant to virulent, viscous and corrosive properties, line inflation factors are low and stable in size, which makes it most appropriate to use as a liner for chemical equipment. Polysulfur ethers can be commingled with various resin materials such as polystyrene, polyethers, polycarbonate, etc., and their applications in the chemical industry are expanded.
Global consumption of apps in 2015 was about 142,000 tons (purity resins), with China consuming about 104,000 tons, or about 73 per cent of the world ' s total. Between 2012-2015, global demand for pps grew at an average annual rate of 16.2 per cent.
In the United States, Europe, Japan, and other countries, demand has been relatively stable, growing at an average annual rate of between 4 and 10%. Some 50% of domestic pps are used to produce various types of plastics; 35% are used to produce fibres (e.g. industrial filtering materials).
And carbon fibres and aromatic composites, etc.; 10% for paint production, e.g. oil export tubes, etc.; 5% for film production, e.g. computer insulation, high voltage, etc.
The 2010-2015 data show the fastest growing demand for new products, aerospace, filter bags, and apps in three major areas. The increase in aerospace, filter bags, 20% and 18%, respectively.
The outlook for the development of the domestic market is good. Based on its great potential in the Chinese market, domestic production is based on its great potential.
Totals have shown a steady growth trend in recent years. Foreign output in the pps sector is projected to grow at a rate of 10% over the next five years: Japan dominates and has a new and domestic leader. The world’s leading producers of the pps are now in the United States, Japan, Germany, and China. Japan is the largest.
Producing countries, which account for more than 50% of the world ' s total production capacity, include dic, Toyo and Wu Yu, the major global apps suppliers, producing large quantities and good product quality. Most of our polybenzo-sulphides producers use the introduction of digestive absorption technology, but Sichuan has positive chemistry, Wuhua Hung crane
The apps devices of the two companies are in poor condition and are currently in a state of shutdown. New and currently built-up pps capacity of 15,000 tonnes/year, with a leading position in the country.
4.3 The company's 2008 annual report on the development of new and advanced apps showed the first appearance of polysulfur ethers and began research and development. After a small test, mid-test phase, the company successfully mastered the production process for polysulfur ethers and officially launched the annual production of 5000 by the end of October 2012
The company's 5000-ton apps project, which was fully produced in 2016, also applied for a technology patent, application No. 2012105767805. The project was successfully launched in phase I and the pilot vehicle was completed in phase II. The project was completed at the end of March 2017.
In terms of trial production, Phase II works well and the output products meet the design requirements. The company ' s apps process, certified in Japan, the United States, etc., has exported products to markets such as Japan, Korea, Europe and the United States, and has initially been acquired to work with the soil, Tesman, to get up and down. The company ' s planning for the pps business is divided into four blocks, which are:
In terms of adaptation, the company works with Tesman. Tesman is primarily responsible for research, development, marketing, and new and more human and material resources for production. R & D, marketing platforms are launched worldwide, and production sites are at risk.
4.4 pps products are authorized by Japanese patents and are internationally recognized. January 2017, an international patent application for company apps products (ptt/cn2013/086096), in Japan.
The patent discloses a method of synthesizing fibre-grade polysulphine resins, involving the use of c5 - c6 lipid thiate to synthesize polysulphine resins for polysulphides. The use of this new aid represents a significant increase in the level of technology prepared by the company ' s pps.
The patent can be authorized in Japan, demonstrating that new and developed apps technology is internationally recognized, and also provides a basis for subsequent patent applications in the field of corporate materials. Japan is a major manufacturing and marketing country, and the company's apps products are bound to face a competition for autonomous intellectual property rights in Japan, and the patent also provides companies with access to the new Japanese materials market.
Figure 19: Company apps products are patented in Japan, the source of Eastern financial booms, and the new materials business is about to harvest.
With the pilot production of the pps II project in March 2017, the company’s investment in new materials over the past 10 years is about to pay off. In the future, the company will not only be able to sell the pps resins, but will also have the ability to modify the pps and sell more value-added pps.
Based on the company ' s annual report, the sales volume of the company ' s apps in 2016 was estimated at around 2000-2500 tons. Considering that the division ' s joint venture with dsm will speed up their entry into the downstream customer supply system, we expect the company ' s new materials business to include, in addition to the pps project, the high-temperature nylon (ppa) project.
At temperature, the strength and strength of the nylon resin is better than that of the normal nylon resin, which is more resistant to chemistry. It also behaves better in the humid environment than in the normal nylon. The continuous temperature range is 120°C to 185°C, which replaces metal applications with high temperature-resistant components in cars.
The company will, in due course, scale up the production of the pa project and proceed to the industrialization of the pa project, taking into account the operation of the pilot.
As a result of the above analysis, we have seen the opening of three major operations, namely, fragrance, fresh materials, and pine ammonium, following a slowdown in the pace of new and new vitamin operations, in which the fragrance business has become larger and has begun to make steady contributions. After years of investment in new materials, this year will also be a return on investment.
Large, 2017 will be the year in which companies start operating, and the income and profitability of those operations will grow rapidly over the next few years. We see that companies continue to rely on synthetic technology as their core competitiveness, with good returns on investment in the three above-mentioned areas. Next, we will analyse the company from a financial point of view.
The East's source of wealth and wisdom, we've done a Dupont analysis of the new and the new, and we can see that the company as a whole is characterized by a “one-high and two-low” pattern: high net sales interest rates, low asset turnover, low equity multipliers.
Low at 10.2%, average at 23.5%. The main reason for the higher net interest rate is the higher Māori rate for the company’s core products ve, va, fragrance, etc. At the same time, the company controls the cost of sales at around 3-4%, the financial rate at between 0% and 2%, the management rate is stable at around 10%, and the lower three rates guarantee the company.
The net interest rate on sales remains high. In the future, the income share of pps, pine amino acids and fragrances will continue to rise. In terms of income, the fragrance business, although growing faster than in previous years, has been on a smaller base and the total company income has grown slower over the past few years, with a total company income of about $4.7 billion in 2016.
Looking ahead, the company’s ecstasy business has begun to grow, its future revenues will grow rapidly, and the company’s revenue from fragrances and new materials will rise significantly. Corporate revenue growth is expected to increase in the coming years, and asset turnover is expected to accelerate.
The equity multiplier is lower. Based on a sound business concept, the new and positive debt ratios are kept at around 30%, which has led to a low equity multiplier of 1.25-1.45. In 2017, the company plans to raise approximately $4.9 billion in funds for the construction of the ecstasy project.
Based on Dubon’s analysis, we believe that the company operates well, depending on the high profitability of the product. In the future, there is still room for raising net interest rates on company sales.
The asset turnover rate is expected to accelerate and the equity multiplier is maintained at the current level, so we're judging the company's Roe level in the future.
5.2 Operating cash flows and relying less on external financing Free cash flow measurement shows that companies have long created value. Because companies are located upstream in the chain, customers are higher-credited producers. And because the product itself is in short supply, companies pay back faster.
Between 2010 and 2016, the firm’s operating cash flow stabilized at around $1.03 billion, indicating a strong cash-creating capacity. Adequate cash inflows reduce the firm’s level of negative value, while relying on investment in new projects with self-financing, with less demand for external financing and greater resilience to risk.
Figure 22: Operating cash flows and capital expenditure increases. This is because projects such as ecstasy, pps, etc. are technologically mature and are in the construction phase.
In the next few years, the company will focus on the second phase of the project, with a total investment of about $5.3 billion. The company plans to raise up to $4.9 billion in non-public distribution to meet the project’s funding needs. Even if the release of the project is slower than expected, the company’s annual cash flow of about $1 billion and the current cash balance of $2 billion will cover the new project.
The company was listed in 2004, with a fall in performance, and the share fell to $220 million. In 2016, with a significant recovery in performance, the cash share reached $650 million, a new high since the market. The historical data show that the amount of the company ' s share of net profits in the current period was higher.
In 2016, the company invested about $250 million in research and development, accounting for total revenue.
Over the years, companies have maintained a high level of investment in technology, R & D, and have established good cooperation with scientific institutions such as the Chinese Academy, Shanghai Organic Institute, Zhejiang University. Sustained R & D investment has led to improvements in the company’s production processes, as well as the stockpiling of new products and projects.
Systems are built. The regulatory system has been standardized. While these efforts cannot be seen in the short term on the profit sheet, they are believed to translate into competitive advantages and ultimately into profits in the long run.
6. Combined with the above analysis, we believe that the new and emerging phase is at a critical stage in its second development: the first phase of the Protein Acid Operations Project is in production and the second phase of the Project is progressing steadily; and the level of revenue from the fragrances has reached the $1 billion threshold and will remain in the future.
Maintenance of the income growth rate of around 20 per cent per year; new material operations pps products have been built to produce 15,000 tons of capacity per year, product applications have been successfully developed, market roll-out is well under way, and all are expected to reach the post-natal pps operating income line; looking forward to 2020, when the total company income is expected to reach $10 billion, of which the existing v, va, etc.
The nutrients business earns about $4 billion, the ecstasy business earns about $2.5 billion, the fragrance business earns about $2.7 billion, and the new material business earns about $900 million. New and integrated management strategies are clear, technology reserves are rich, and well managed.
In the short term, the fall in prices of v and va has had a negative impact on the company’s performance. But in the medium and long term, the company’s investments in new materials, animal nutrients, etc. are also gradually returning.
The project has been completed, and the two-twenty-five million-year project for ecstasy is progressing steadily. Sustained product research and development, a well-developed industrial chain layout, and good production management will ensure that companies take the lead in intense market competition.
The company's main business has a relatively high share of ve and va, and if the prices of ve and va continue to fall, it could lead to the company's business, the east's financial boom, the east's financial boom.
Yang Jomu, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, is good at understanding the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
Master ' s degree in finance, cfa holder of the University of Management, Singapore, has been in China Kim Corporation since 2013 and joined East Hing Securities in 2016. Liao Peng Fei, China Petroleum University (Beijing), Master of Chemical Technology, 2010-2015, Beijing Research Institute of petrochemical lubricants, China, and people in 2015
In 2016, he joined the East Hing securities. Zhang Ming-chung's own research opinion. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.