On the 28th of 2023, the research assistant Tsing-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi.
Keywords: #import replaces the world's leading ICD industry: Mid-Key International is the world's leading ICD industry, one of the process platforms contains advanced logic platforms, mature logic platforms and
Special process platforms provide global customers with crystal-based engineering and technical services ranging from 0.35 m to the various technology nodes infinfet. The company collected 495.2 billion yuan (oy+39%) in 2022, which is an all-time high. In 2022, the company sold about 709.98 million crystals in 8 inches.
In 2022, the smartphones, smart households, and semiconductor industries were still waiting for a backlash: sales in the global semiconductor industry fell seven months in a row, with industry at the bottom.
According to the projected delivery of equipment/new energy vehicles, the market will recover demand in 2023, and, according to several major mills, the stock adjustment cycle of the industrial chain will continue until the first half of 23 years, and is expected to resume in the second half of the year.
The colour process and the mature logic platform, 0.18 μm and 55/65 nm, account for a 15% increase in revenue per 10,000 sq.km (8 inches). The company's four 12 inches of new plant projects continued, with mid-hull Shenzhen entering the production phase at the end of 2022, and the center-hull capital entering the test stage.
In 2023, the company expected a 10-digit drop in the year-on-year harvest, a Māori rate of around 20%, capital growth, a growing trend towards a technological revolution in ai, and an accelerated catch-up with advanced processes.
Ben is on the rise, and only one power station, Three Stars, and Intel are still on the advanced track, and the company is the only advanced process challenger. In the second half of 2019, CKI officially started producing 14 nmfinfet, which became the first after the cable station, Three Stars, Grovender,
The next 12 nanometres, 7 nanometers, and so on, can continue to follow the results of the finfet structure. The trend of the technological revolution is becoming more pronounced, and companies are expected to play an important role in the development of the trend as a challenger of the current advanced process.
The risk of excess production capacity; increased exposure to entity lists. 1. Central Core International: the most advanced level of autonomous manufacture of integrated circuits on mainland China, with steady expansion of production capacity.
The company is one of the world’s leading integrated circuit-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal services to global clients, ranging from 0.35 m to Finfet technology nodes. China’s Central Hedge International headquarters is located in Shanghai, China, with a globalized manufacturing and service base, and customer services and camps in the United States, Europe, Japan, and Taiwan, China.
On March 18, 2004, the company was listed on the main board of the Hong Kong United Exchange in China, and on July 16, 2020 on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. China Harbour International was the first crystal-round industrial company in mainland China to produce 14 nm finfet, representing the state-of-the-art level of independent manufacturing of integrated circuits in mainland China.
The company’s main business is integrated circuit crystal round manufacturing and provides design services and ip support, photo masks, chip manufacturing, and technical services. In addition, the company provides customers with a full range of crystal round generation solutions, including one-stop services such as photo masks, ip research and development, and back-stage assistive design services (including convex processing services, crystal circle detection).
In July 2010, Shinko, China, became the company’s first shareholder. As of December 31, 2022, Da Tang held 14.11% of the shares, while Da Tang held another 0.92% of the public holdings.
In China, Shinko is an indirect shareholder of the company. Since Shinko does not have a real controlling person, the company does not have a real controlling person. In turn, the company relies on Shinko in China, where it interacts with its shareholders in a soft and hard manner.
In March 2022, the company appointed Mr. Gao Yonggong as Chairman of the Board. Mr. Ko Yonggong was a scientific and technological researcher in telecommunications.
The Chief Accountant of the Institute, the Chairman of Da Tang Telecom Finance Co. Ltd., and the current Director of Jiangsu Chang Electric Technology Co. Ltd., together with the Vice-President of the China Electronic Information Industry Federation, Mr. Gao has extensive experience in financial management, investment finance and business management, which will help companies to continue their healthy development.
Currently, the CKI process platform consists of advanced logic platforms, mature logic platforms and special process platforms, which are used primarily for the production of power sources, ddic, radio frequency process technologies, network applications, etc.
The advanced logic platform is used mainly in specialized areas such as artificial intelligence, auto electron, and 5g. The mature logic platform produces products that are applied to mobile cellular backbones and application processors, games, cars, flatboard computers, radio frequencies, etc., with 28nm, 40nm, 65/55nm, etc.
1.3. The company actively expands its capacity and accelerates the construction of new plants. High levels of capital spending support the company ' s expansion plan and advanced process breakthroughs. Capital spending rose significantly in 2022 to remain at a high utilization rate of 92%.
Already in production, China’s capital city has entered the test phase, the central core structure has been capped, and the central core Xianqing has begun to build its soil. The three crystal mills in Shenzhen, Hong Kong, and Kyoto have laid the foundation for doubling their production capacity over the next three to five years, and an orderly expansion of production capacity will be the backbone of performance growth in anticipation of a reversal of demand.
1.4. The size of the collection rises from year to year, the level of control fees is robust, the high depreciation pressure is high, the net profit level attributed to the shareholders of the parent company is low, and the level of control fees is robust as the productive capacity expands the company ' s profitability, the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate levels rise rapidly. The company ' s Māori ratio is at 2022 levels.
High-intensity R & D inputs drive advanced process R & D. In 2022, the company ' s R & D costs amounted to $4,953 million, a year-on-year increase.
All right, including China’s leading 28nhkd ultra-low power platform, 40nm embedded storage vehicle platform, 4xnmnorflash platform, 40nm ultra-low-power platform optimization, 55nm high-pressure display of auto-drive platform, etc. By the end of 2022, CKI had accumulated 18799 patents, cumulatively authorized 1,869 applications, etc.
In 2019, the share of the downstream distribution of companies remained at around 57%, while the share of consumers remained at 43%.
In terms of geographical distribution, the share of corporate income in mainland China and Hong Kong has been rising, from the 2017 consumption of electronics and smart households in the field of crystal round applications to the 12-inch crystal round revenue, which is the company’s main source of income. In 2022, the income of the crystal round was split by size, with a share of 33% and 67%, respectively, of the revenue of 8 and 12 inches.
The increase in revenue is 24% and 42% over the same period; crystal round income is divided by application, smartphones, consumer electronics, smart homes, 54%. Of this, the growth in consumer electronics and smart homes is mainly due to domestic appliances and wired wires, wireless connections, industrial semiconductor industries that are still waiting to be built, and there is a wide space for national production to replace them.
2.1. The semiconductor industry is expected to be at a turning point in the second half of 2023, and the semiconductor industry is expected to rebound in the second half of the year. Depending on overall demand, the global semiconductor industry is selling, and the market size of the semiconductor market is now down by seven months to September 2020.
Figure 18: Large International Plants judging the semiconductor landscape is about to reverse The power on the station indicates that the company expects the semiconductor supply chain to be overstocked and that it will take a few years to weigh up Lidu's water stock “or higher”, mainly due to the large client business season reserve, and 22q4 stocks have fallen
To reasonable water levels, stock turnover days can be reduced to 48 days, at a reasonably healthy level; the Sun-Small Navigation Control predicts that “23o1 vehicle and network applications will continue to be strong, although industrial stock adjustments will continue into the first half of next year.” The downstream application market in the semiconductor industry is extensive, with specific reference to:
Smartphones: idc believes that global and Chinese market sales fell by 1.1% in 2023, but the incremental demand for high-calculatory chips and storage chips in the 23-point trend drives up the demand for high-calculation crystals. According to the Euro100 million think tank, China's core artificial intelligence industry market will reach 400 billion yuan (2019-2025cagr) in 2025.
At 31.2%; China's ii chip market will be 17.8 billion yuan, with 2019-2025cagr projected to be 42.9%, the technology is booming and widely applied, and the demand for high-performance computing capabilities is unprecedented. As the ii model is more complex and the exponential scale expands, the demand for computing capabilities is increasing.
Multiplier, high-performance ai chips play an irreplaceable role in meeting this growing demand for arithmetic. At the same time, the demand for crystals, which are the source of chip production, rises up. 2.2. The crystal circle market is oligarchy, with national production replacing it a long way away.
In 1987, when the generation of power started the generation of the crystal circle, it became the dominant model of semiconductor manufacturing, and the generation of power became the most important link in the integrated circuit. In 1987, the formation of power was the beginning of the generation of the crystal circle, especially after it was certified by Intel.
Now, the vertical division of semiconductor industries has become the mainstream, with most of the new entrants hugging the Fables model, and some of the Idm manufacturers are moving towards the Fabless or the Fablite model. The crystal circle business model has significantly reduced chip design.
The industry’s capital threshold, which drives the rapid rise of global chip designs, replaced idm (vertical integration model) in 2018 as the dominant model of semiconductor manufacturing. The crystal-rounding industry business model, created by power from the desktop, has been successful.
Trends: On the one hand, the Asian semiconductor industry (except Japan) has acquired its own positioning in the trend towards globalization by following the example of a production base for crystal-round industrialization and containment testing, with the exception of Japan; on the other hand, traditional semiconductor manufacturers have continued to transition to light-asset design companies, providing for crystal-rounding and seal-testing outsourcing operations
Both sides of the supply and demand spectrum are promoting a division of labour based on crystal circles and seal tests as a business model, thus contributing to the globalization of the industrial chain. And the final outcome of the globalization of the industrial chain has also made industrial investment more even.
The development of the semiconductor industry in Asia has been an important catalyst, with enterprises such as the U.S.A. Electronics, China Harbour International, East High Technology, etc., operating crystal-crystal industries. The global crystal-crystal manufacturing market in 2021 was $11.1 billion, accounting for about 26% of the global semiconductor market, and is projected to be the largest in the world.
In 2023, it will reach $140 billion, and in 2016-2023, the cagr will reach 11.5%. In the current age of material networking, the crystal circle industry is expected to continue to grow at a rapid pace, with a strong demand for 5g, artificial intelligence, and big data.
By 2026, China mainland surrogates are expected to account for 8.8 per cent of the global net-for-work market, 2.6 per cent lower than their peak share of 11.4 per cent in 2006, for example in the case of power generation, with an operating income of $2076.6 billion in 2022, which is 2.2.2.
The crystal circle industry has an oligarchic concentration. It is a disruptive manufacturing industry, characterized by high financial barriers, technical difficulties and rapid technological changes, which has led to a concentration of over 90 per cent of the industry, with more than 90 per cent of the total power build-up being the absolute leader of the crystal circle industry, with more than 50 per cent of the revenue.
There are high barriers to financing the industrial sector in the Crystal Circle. The capital spending of the Crystal Circle plant is huge, and with the upgrading of the process, the capital spending center of the proxy plant has been rising. Capital spending on power generation has increased from $73.69 billion in 17 years to $24.77 billion in 22 years, or 19 per cent in Cagr.
As the process is upgraded, the difficulty of transistor processes, light etching, sedimentation, etching, detection, sealing, etc. requires comprehensive innovation.
engraving requires continuous improvement. The accuracy of the light engraved machines determines the accuracy of the process. The fourth generation of deep UV engraved machines, duv, can produce the minimum 10 nm process node chips, with more advanced euv luminators for the 7/5 nm process, and the new euv light luminous technologies for high-value euv (high-naeuv) are now 3 nm and more advanced processes.
euv light engravings are limited and expensive, with only asml having a productive capacity worldwide, with 55 asmleuvs sold throughout 2022, with a single euv selling price of up to $200 million.
In recent years, 12 nm, 7 nm, and 5 nm have evolved in accordance with the law of Moor. In 2018, the advanced 7 nm process was introduced, in 2020, 5 nm was produced, in 2022, and in 2025, the 2nm process is expected to be produced. The chip-making process is approaching the physical size limit of 1 nm, and the chip industry is entering the post-Moor era.
With chip production moving into 90 nm nodes, technology has become fast, and new processes are emerging almost every two to three years. Advanced processes require not only sustained investment in research and development, but also substantial and sustained capital spending, as well as new inputs.
Depreciation is fast and, for example, the depreciation period for new equipment is five years, the depreciation of equipment is completed after five years, and production will decline significantly. The replacement price will be reduced rapidly when the head manufacturer completes the depreciation, and later entrants will be unable to make a profit. 2.3. The maturity process will remain the dominant, with domestic and foreign manufacturers adding codes to the layout.
Given high capital spending and technical barriers, the Union announced that it would withdraw from the advanced process: in 2017, the Union announced its future operations, which would focus on the mature process; and in late 2018, the Group announced an indefinite suspension of the 7nm process.
Instead, resources are invested in a relatively mature process service. In the future, the leaders who drive the more advanced process will be left with power, Samsung, Intel, while the center core International, as a catch-up for continuous input, will also be the competition for the more advanced process.
The maturation process will remain at more than 70% over the long term. The maturation process is the largest global demand and the main chip that led to the previous “deficit core.” While the areas of smartphones, pc, and so on require advanced programming, the areas of object networking, intelligence, auto electron, communication, medical, intelligent transport, aerospace and so on rely on mature cores.
According to Trendforce, in 2021, the maturity process continued to account for 76% of the market share. Since the advanced process is limited to lower cost and technology penetration, the maturity ratio will remain at more than 70%.
The bulk of the production is concentrated on 12 inches (28nm and above) of crystal-crystal capacity, and the bulk of the expansion energy is derived from power generation, combined power, central core international, and China Rainbow, among others. The following domestic expansion is based on mature crafts based on national production and controlled technologies, which can be partially advanced through mature processes plus advanced envelopements under a wave of heterogeneity.
Since 2019, the United States Government has attempted to restrict the development of China’s integrated circuit industry and has imposed a technological blockade and a highly targeted technical blockade on such weak links as semiconductor equipment, semiconductor materials, advanced manufacturing, etc. upstream of the semiconductor industry in China.
In recent years, China has introduced a series of support policies, including fiscal, financial, research and development, human resources, and knowledge.
In the area of property rights, various preferential policies have been granted to the integrated circuit industry, and local governments have been introducing policy documents to support the development of the integrated circuit industry: at the same time, the State has established the Integrated Circuit Industry Fund (IRF) and has further stimulated investment in social capital in the integrated circuits; among these, the major funds have focused on design, manufacturing, sealing, etc.
Area: Major Fund II manufacturing chain still has the largest share, but more attention will be paid to key areas of the upstream industrial chain such as materials, equipment, etc. For crystal circle manufacturing, semiconductor equipment, raw materials, spare parts self-sufficiency for production in 2019
Less than 10%, with the exception of a handful of Chinese firms, such as Purge, with 14 nm, 28 nm, which have technical skills, the bulk of Chinese firms can meet only the technical needs of more than 28 nm. The material, the material, and the costumes are one of the most critical areas of “crack necks” in the United States and the West.
Advanced semiconductor equipment technology is dominated by countries like the US and Europe Days. The United States has the world’s leading manufacturing techniques for corrosion equipment, ion injection machines, thin membrane sediment equipment, test equipment, program control, cmp, etc.; the Netherlands is leading the world with high-end light engraved machines asml; Japan is corrosion equipment, cleaning equipment, testing equipment, etc.
According to the Semi report, the domestic production rate of semiconductor equipment rose from 21 per cent in 2021 to 35 per cent in 2022. By type of equipment, the country has a higher rate of national production substitution in the areas of decoupling, cleaning, thermal treatment, etching and cmp, which is higher than 40 per cent, but a lower rate of national production in the area of higher-value equipment, for example.
National production rates in the fields of light time, ion injection, etc., are less than 5%. Currently, the products of semiconductor equipment manufacturers in the North, such as the North, China, China, China, China, China, and Thailand, meet the standards of the mature process, and the domestic production rate of semiconductor equipment is expected to increase.
We have a low rate of national substitution for semiconductor materials, and it is becoming increasingly urgent to accelerate national production of core materials. Semiconductor materials contain crystal circle manufacturing materials and encapsulation materials. The crystal circle manufacturing materials include silicon tablets, masking templates, electronic gas, photo-engine glue, cmp polishing materials, wet electronic chemicals, target material, etc., and the envelopes include envelopes, fuse frames, keylines, etc.
Combining silk, packaged materials, ceramic base sheets, chip glues and other encapsulation materials. A breakdown shows that the country has a relatively high percentage of low-precedented material in barriers, and a very low rate of crystalline manufacturing materials, such as light emits, wet electronic chemicals. Less than 5% of packaged chip glued material, less than 30% of other materials produced domestically, and semiconductor.
Taking into account the impact of external shocks, such as trade frictions between China and the United States, breaching supply, etc., on the domestic semiconductor industrial chain, domestic crystal manufacturers are expected to further catalyze domestic material companies to achieve “0 to 1” by providing local semiconductor material manufacturers with additional validation opportunities.
3. Mid-Crystal International: The maturity process contributes the main income, the advanced process accelerates catching up, the company’s production capacity is well structured, and the product structure is rich. The center-crystal industry has components in each of the crystal production plants up the north, including an 8-inch plant in Shenzhen. The process is 0.18 μm - 0.13 μm; Tianjin’s crystal-crystal production process is based on a process of 0.18 μm - 0.13 μm.
There is a 12-inch crystal mill in Shanghai and an 8-inch crystal mill in Beijing. The center core south is also located in Shanghai, mainly for the production of an advanced 12-inch process. Production capacity is expected to rise at the bottom of 23h2 when the semiconductor industry cycle fluctuates.
The utilization rate has fluctuated several times over the last decade. 14q1 company capacity utilization has fallen to 84.2 per cent and rebounded rapidly after reaching the bottom; 17q2 company capacity utilization has fallen again to 83.9 per cent and is also warming rapidly after reaching the bottom of the cycle; 22q4 company output in the 8-inch circle has dropped to 157,4068 units during the season, and the capacity utilization rate has fallen to 79.5 per cent.
Looking forward to 2023, the smartphone and consumer electronics industries will take time to warm up, the industrial sector will be relatively robust, and the demand for electronics in the automotive sector will offset the negative effects of some cellular and consumer electronic weakness.
The Division already senses a slight upturn in client confidence, and the reserve of new product streams is relatively full. We expect depreciation to rise by more than 20% over the previous year as consumption continues. Capital spending is roughly the same as in the previous year, mainly for mature production and expansion plants and new plant infrastructure. The company will boost the production capacity of four mature 12-inch English plants at the tail.
The field has launched plans to build crystal-crystal mills on the ground, so the supply chain for the major equipment remains tight, with monthly capacity growth expected to be similar to that of the previous year by the end of 23 (93 thousand units per month, equivalent to 13% of the capacity at the end of 2022).
By the end of 2022, 8 inches of crystal round revenue was 33.0%, 12 inches of crystal round income was 67.0% and 12 inches higher than in the same period last year. By technology nodes, companies received more than half of the sum of their revenues.
Qualitative products that provide different platform process design and manufacturing services, including mixed signal/cmos radio frequency circuits, non-lossible storage units (nvm), high-voltage circuits, ddic, system-level chip, flash memory, video sensors, etc., for liquid crystal display techniques on silicons.
The mature process is internationally competitive. In the area of mature logical processes, China Harbour International is the first sub-plant in mainland China for 0.18/0.15um, 0.13/0.11um, 90nm, 65/55nm, 45/40nm, and 28nm technical nodes. Company 28nm consists of a high-discrete constant metal fence of traditional multi-crystal silicon and post-fabric poles, 45/40nm, 65/55nm
and 90 nm for high performance and low-power integration, 0.13/0.11um and 0.18/0.15um for copper and aluminium, product cover processors, mobile fundamentals, wifi, digital television, machine cap boxes, smart cards, consumer products, etc., with international leadership in 28/40/45//55/65nm and 0.11/0.13/15/0.18um, 90 nm and
According to the counterpoint data, it is expected that in 2021 the global mature crystal mills will be ranked third in terms of capacity, with the center core International ranking by 11% share, and will be more competitive. The core international maturity process is expected to expand continuously over the next 2-3 years.
8 inches per month, 8 inches in 2022, 93,000 in 2022, and the expanded capacity is a mature process. The company's 23-year capex input and new capacity are at the same level as in 22 years, which is about $6.3 billion and an additional 9.3w is about 8 inches. The CKI built three 12-inch new production lines in Beijing, Shanghai Port, Shenzhen.
All are geared towards a mature process of 28 nm and above, with a total design capacity of 240,000 m/month, with four mature 12 inches of new plant projects under way steadily in 2022, with mid-core Shenzhen already in production, Central-Hyung City entering the test stage (delayed delivery of the central-Hyung City keyboard, expected production time one to two quarters), and the central core main structure completing the capping,
Cycling starts to build. Special processes are more competitive and cover the main downstream applications: medium core international features Process cover power/mock chip, ddic, gbt, storage, radio frequency, etc., range 0.35m ~ 24nm, downstream areas cover consumer electronics such as mobile phones, fast charge, white power, industrial frequency, transhipment, industrial fields such as electric vehicles,
New energy sources, such as smart grids, and communications such as wireless communication, iot. 3.3. Advanced process: the only state-of-the-art crystal-crystal factory in the country, the founder of national production substitution and the ai trend.
Transistor technology, finfet (finfield effect transistor), gaafet (circle-circle technology, including mbcfet). Structural improvements are mainly designed to address the short ravine effects (dibl, transport degradation), grid leaks, leak power, and so forth.
On top of this, Planarfet is used mainly for the relative maturity process, the main structure of the finfet is 5 nm-22nm, and the gaafet structure is expected to be mainstreamed in 3 nm and beyond. Figure 46: Process upgrades accompanied the upgrading of the mos structure
Finfet technology can go to 5 nm, and the company is expected to accelerate the breakthrough process. In 2019, Samsung Electronic announced the completion of the development of the 5 nmfinfet process and announced that the gaafet process would be introduced at 3 nm nodes, meaning that the finfet structure could be applied to at least 5 nm nodes, and in the subsequent process development process, the center core international would be dependent on the center core.
The only challenger of the advanced process is to open the way for future upgrades. As the cost of the advanced process rises, only a few manufacturers can afford to move to advanced technology nodes, and the number of competitions in the advanced track has fallen dramatically.
In 2018, Fender announced a moratorium on the development of the 7 nanometer advanced process, and U.N. Electronics no longer invests in the advance of less than 12 nm, with only one power station, Three Stars, and Intel remaining on the advanced track, the company being the only advanced process challenger.
Three Stars, Grovend, and the fifth post-coupled manufacturer with the technology and the ability to produce it in quantities. China-Cholel is currently the main carrier of the 14nm program, Sn1 (i.e., the one in Shanghai, South Central), although the advanced smic process development is currently subject to the list of United States entities, among other things, the center-Code South is capitalizing.
There is a long-term planning for this input, and there is a certain advantage between talent and technology on the one hand and other mainland Chinese manufacturers on the other, with a wealth of customer resources and applications, and good long-term development. The scarcity of advanced production capacity highlights the company’s promise to be the cornerstone of the ai trend.
As the center of China’s semiconductor industry’s inner circle, and as the only crystalwork factory in China with advanced process capacity, China’s core and investment prices are high.
In the medium and long term, the demand for chips continues to grow in an era of growing digital, intellectual, and greenness. Companies will move ahead, capture industry rules, strengthen industry leadership in the field of physical segmentation, and work with global clients and system companies in the medium and long term to boost production.
4. Profit forecasts and investment ratings 4.1. Key assumptions and profit projections
The company’s main business consists of integrated circuit crystal round workers, other major businesses (light masking, contour processing, etc.). According to the company’s performance statement for 2022, the company is a crystal circle industry, a capital-intensive and technology-intensive enterprise, with a high level of prior investment, with a relatively stable geographical external environment.
Pb, on the one hand, is suited to the fact that we have chosen the global generation of power, a stock marketed Idm, and Transylvani, a comparable company, with 4.76, 3.82 and 6.78 times the value of p/b in 2022, respectively, as compared to 5.09 times the value.
CKI's 2022 counterpart p/b is 3.73 times lower than the average of comparable companies. On the other hand, CKI's counterpart is expected to warm the chain of industry to the bottom, while ai's demand for high-calculus chips and high-calculation crystals rises.
(b) Since 2021, with strong downstream demand, the mill extension-led equipment manufacturer has been actively expanding, but 2021
In the second half of the year, there is an extension of the delivery period. Given the active expansion of the production of the medium core in 2023-2025, if the equipment is not delivered within the expected time frame, it may have some adverse effect on the mid core international capacity climb. (2) The risk of excess mature process capacity.
Because of the expansion of plants since 2021, and because most of the world’s expansion capacity is concentrated in maturity processes, it is estimated that 2023 will mark a period of concentration of capacity release. Given the weak industrial climate in 2023, there is a risk of excess capacity in 2023 and beyond.
(3) Increased exposure to the list of entities, less progress than expected on the advanced nto project, and some resistance to the development of the advanced process in the middle core since the list of entities in the United States of America, which currently has 14 nmfinfet and n+1/n+2 technologies, can supply only 14 nm and above
Process node, if the impact of the entity list increases, the development of an advanced medium core international process and more than a dozen 14 nm nto projects under way may be hampered. (4) Downstream demand recovery is less than expected.
In 2022, market demand for smart phones, computers, home appliances, etc. was shifted from freezing to cooling, the client’s willingness to send a single message weakened, and the industrial chain went from supply to supply to demand to stock down-cycle. According to the company’s 2022 performance statement, looking forward to 2023, when the smartphone and consumer electronics industry warmed up, the industry was relatively robust, and the auto industry was electronic.
Increased demand offsets some of the negative effects of weak mobile phones and consumer electronics. The impact of external uncertainties remains complex in the first half of the industry cycle. While the visibility is still low in the second half of the year, companies have felt a little upswing in client confidence, and the stock of new product streams is relatively full.
The three major financial forecasting tables of China-Hyre International have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are now available for portfolio investment.