On October 28, the company released a tri-quarter report in 2022, which generated business income of 13.35 billion q3 components in the previous three quarters, which were constrained by the supply of silicon, film demand, price pressure and the company's leadership.
Business resilience. q3 silicon production is not as high as expected due to overhauls, electricity restrictions, etc., Component 1. " Performance is as expected, film, backboards are high, the company has a higher profit margin base supported by cost advantages, and product diversification is on the scene.
Q1 has reached the bottom and is expected to become more business-resilient at a time when it is low on a quarterly basis.
q3 stocks grew significantly, mainly as a result of stock preparation for the season. By the end of September, the company stock stood at $3.99 billion.
The output of the q4 component rises every month, and the company’s business will increase. As silicon supplies increase, the output of the q4 component rises on a monthly basis, the output of the q4 component is expected to increase, the supply and demand of some raw material particles are expected to improve gradually, and a significant increase in the company’s q4 product ring ratio is expected.
The company’s cost of raw materials has also declined over the previous period, after three quarters of consumption of high-value eva particles, and is expected to drive an improvement in the profitability ring of q4. Next year’s N-supplier ratio is expected to improve the company’s profit structure.
In the year of volume release, head-assembly companies alone have planned an inventory of nearly 100 gw n-assembly components, adding up to next year's decline in component prices, leading to the recovery of demand on the ground. The demand ratio for poe and epe membranes is expected to increase significantly in 2023, and the Māori ratio of company poe/epe membranes is higher than traditional
(8621) 61357595 eva membrane, which is expected to lead to higher corporate profitability next year as a result of the upgrading of the product structure.
The increase in the share of the poe film will also increase the pressure on the supply of and demand for the poe particles, and the ability of companies to keep up with the lead raw materials is expected to magnify their profitability. Product prices are not performing as expected; price increases for raw materials are higher than expected; the international trade environment is deteriorating; competition is expected to worsen.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment