\triangleright \triangleright monthly European holiday \triangleright with light season sales, slowing down of downstream components, falling prices for company film products, same
At times, the price of raw materials in stock is higher, resulting in short-term pressure on corporate profits. As a leader in the film industry, companies have good supply chain management and cost control capabilities, are more resilient to industry fluctuations, and are more resilient in the case of business under stress.q4 as silicon production is released and the peak of light-voltage machines rises.
The price of the film is expected to rise again, leading to higher corporate growth and a return to profitability. Distributed photovoltaics are hot, backboards are on the rise.
\triangleright drives a significant increase in backboard demand, high-anti-black backboards and cpc
Backboard sales have continued to rise. The company’s development strategy for backboard operations has shifted from a robust to a positive one. On the one hand, it continues to increase its investment in technology research and development and, on the other hand, it has accelerated the expansion of the production capacity of the rudderboard, which is expected to grow further, and the city’s share is expected to rise.
The radiance membrane is advancing steadily, and new materials are actively laid out to foster new growth points. Based on mature key commons \triangleright technology, the company has successfully achieved a technological breakthrough in the radiance membrane and its key raw materials products and has completed production.
Forster (603806.sz) reports semi-annual reviews in 2022: small tests, mid-tests, bulk production and the import of seed clients.
Soluble resin expansion, accelerated integration, to achieve the company’s development goal of becoming a global supplier of photo-dry film products within three to five years. At the same time, the company is active in the layout of aluminium plastic composite film, fccl, water treatment film support material 2. Forster (603806.sh) 2021: Dragons.
Other new material products, such as materials, to speed up push production, create new profit growth points, have a strong headline, and the electronic material business is entering an accelerated release period - 2022/03/18
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.