The recalcitrantness of the membrane highlights the fact that Poe's share is higher than that of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which is an increase of 3.07% over the same period. The company has lost $210 million in credit impairments in three quarters.
• Three quarters of the photo-voltaic film is profitable and strong. 22q3 is subject to downstream component discharge adjustments and fluctuations, and the company's photo-voltaic film drops slightly. Three quarters of the company's photo-voltaic film drops by about 300 million flats and the ring drops by about 10%. On the profit side, the downstream demand subsides, and three quarters of the price of the eva particles and the film drops.
The company's film flat profit is about $1.4, and despite a 29% decline in the ring, the profit level remains good, highlighting the firm's strong resilience to pressure and profitability.
Upgrade, with three-quarterly sales of the company ' s poe-type membrane (including epe) having increased in comparison with two-quarters. Looking forward, next year, the delivery of batteries like topcon/hjt is expected to grow further, and the demand for better poe-films is more certain.
As a photo-voltaic company, with years of cooperative accumulation, Poe particle supply security is more than adequate, with significant advantages, and Poe film exports are expected to lead the industry. At the same time, since 2023, the company’s market share of the poo-film product has increased, and profits are expected to increase.
• The electronics business remained stable. During the year, companies completed full coverage of acid corrosion, electroplating, and ldi's main market series, reaching national leadership levels. The price of 22 q3 diaphragms remained stable, and products such as transparent/white photo-covering membranes continued their research and development and customer certification work.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: The company’s photo-film production is expanding steadily to secure future deliveries. Electronic material operations are entering the fast-discharge phase, becoming a new point in the company’s performance. We expect that the company’s net profit return over the next three years will maintain a 23 per cent compound growth rate and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Increased cost of materials, risk of lower profitability of companies; risk of policy change. Forster (603806); Rehabilitation of membrane, high sales (2022-09-04)
Foster (603806): increased earnings from raw materials, 3. Foster (603806): recovered profits from the membrane unit, and the membrane became the second growth curve
4. Forster (603806): Exploition of film, active preparation of raw materials (2021-10-31)
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.