KIMshan Office (688111): "Online Office" Wang, just in time for the cloud's economic dividend
The net profit was 403 million yuan, which was 311 million yuan in the same period last year, an increase of 29.73 per cent over the previous year, and the company was the leading office software and service provider in the country, mainly engaged in wpsoffice office software products and services.
The company provides software products, including wpsoffice office software and the Golden Pyramid, to industry clients, and is based on office application landscape development.
Greater growth and stability in the authorized operations. Various types of office value-added services providing one-stop, multi-platform operations. Business income earned by companies in 2019 was $1,579 million, and office software products were collected using authorized operations
Public application solutions, coupled with the provision of Internet advertising services in the medium, have increased significantly in terms of product and related documents, and income from office service subscriptions has increased as the number of client payers continues to increase.
Headlines are strong. The net profit increase is lower, mainly due to a slower growth in corporate revenue, costs, costs due to a more rapid expansion of strategic business, and future upgrades as product services are upgraded.
Four quarters of the year, a high rate of revenue and net profit growth. According to a quick estimate, q4 achieved operating income of $537 million in 2019, accounting for 34.01 per cent of the year’s revenue;
The high growth in business can be attributed mainly to the faster growth of authorized operations and the high growth in personal subscription services generated by the rapid increase in the number of households paying for it. The epidemic has increased user awareness and demand for remote office space.
The epidemic has triggered a demand for remote office, a rapidly growing need for functions associated with remote, off-site, multi-person collaboration, and users have started exploring and experimenting with a number of online work programmes. Cloud offices, characterized by "real-time online, multi-person collaboration, cloud end storage, off-of-equipment and distance limits" have been overstretched by large numbers of office people.
Experience, this broad user perception and experience will contribute to the development of future markets. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: corporate business income growth has grown steadily over the last three years, R & D inputs have been generous, product performance has been good, industry markets are wide, and companies are expected to return between 2019 and 2021
The “strongly recommended” rating is given to pe 60 times, 46 times and 34 times, respectively.
Kimsan Office is mainly involved in the development and marketing of wpsoffice office software products and services. The company provides industry clients with software products, including wpsoffice office software and the Golden Mountain Phrase, and develops a variety of office value-added services based on office application landscapes, offering one-stop, multiplatform office application solutions, and Internet advertising outreach services in the media of products and related documents.
The company has over 30 years of research and development experience and technological accumulation in the area of office software, and its main products and services are developed autonomously by the company, with autonomous intellectual property rights over core technologies.
The company focuses on a variety of key technologies, such as text layout technology, spreadsheet computing, animation, dyeing technology, online co-ed editing, secure files, and data co-sharing, building an Internet cloud office application service system, creating a new smart office model, and improving user experience across the country.
According to the Express Report, in 2019 the company achieved operating income of 15,792.4 million yuan, an increase of 39.80 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to the owner of the parent company was 40,033,000 yuan, an increase of 29.73 per cent in the same year. In 2019, q4 achieved operating income of 53,716,000 yuan, representing 34.01 per cent of the total annual income;
The net profit attributable to the owner of the parent company was $19.862 million, representing 49.28 per cent of the total net profit attributable to the parent throughout the year, while total operating income increased by 39.80 per cent over the same period the previous year, with a larger increase in the use of authorized business and subscriptions to office services for office software products, with a significant increase in individual office service subscriptions.
411.39 per cent of net assets owned by the parent company increased by 299.43 per cent compared with the beginning of the reporting period, mainly because of the company ' s first public issuance of stocks in 2019, which resulted in a significant increase in net assets and total assets of the company being raised.
The company’s technological and managerial team has a strong demand analysis capacity, communication capacity, and extensive industry experience as the driving force behind the company’s growing performance. The company’s growing research and development workforce, with 1,411 research and development technicians as at 31 March 2019, accounted for 71.55% of the total number of employees.
The country's focus on intellectual property protection and the wave of formalization has taken hold. Informationization has been identified as an important strategic initiative of the state, and the state has developed a system for this purpose.
The promotion of autonomous intellectual property software has created a wide market space for the development of the country’s basic office software industry. With information security, more and more customers are purchasing home-grown office software, and the market has expanded rapidly.
In the context of the current trade war, all units of the party forces have pressing national production needs, office software involves important documents, and information security needs to be guaranteed.
The increase in authorized revenue, driven by a positive and self-controlled policy, has been faster, with the Māori rate being the highest of the three major businesses, exceeding 95 per cent, contributing to a stable Māori for the company.
The largest customer, Ali’s mother, was more aggressive in advertising during promotional events such as “6.18 shopping festivals”, “double 11” and “double 12” – which boosted the growth of sales.
In order to maintain a balance between revenue collection and user experience, companies deliberately control the size of advertising, and Internet advertising is growing at a slower pace than other business growth, which explains the decline in the share of the business, with a steady increase in user fees and a strong growth in the number of individual subscriptions.
Subscriptions are divided into individual subscriptions and institutional subscriptions, of which the larger share of individual subscription services, the growth of individual subscriptions are mainly related to the number of user-paying households. In December 2016, December 2017, December 2018 and March 2019, the number of user-paying monthly payments was related to overall user growth and the rate of conversion of user-paying payments. The number of individual users continues to increase, in March 2019, mau
Over 328 million. Wps members, as well as riceshell members, have a rapid increase in the rate of conversion of payers, and there is much room for growth in the future.
Up to 45.8 per cent of q1 in 2019, the Māori rate of subscriptions increased to over 80 per cent and, as value-added services continued to improve, there was a high increase in income and net profits in the fourth quarter. According to the fast-track calculation, Q4 achieved operating income of $537.16 million in 2019, accounting for 34.01 per cent of the year ' s revenue; it was owned by the parent company.
Net profit of $19.862 million, or 49.28 per cent of net profit from the year as a whole. The main reason for achieving high growth in business may be the relatively rapid growth in the authorized business. In 2019, the authorized q1 revenue was only 24 per cent in the current period, while the authorized business increased significantly throughout the year, according to the 2018 financial report, the authorized business income was 34.8 per cent in the current year, and it was estimated that the authorized business income might have increased considerably in the fourth quarter.
Long. The authorized Māori ratio is the highest of the three operations, and the four-quarters net profit ratio is likely to be so high as to be associated with the growth of the authorized business. Moreover, the rapid growth of paid users drives the growth of individual subscriptions, as subscriptions account for the highest share of corporate collections as a whole, so that the increase in the number of paid users will also contribute significantly to the four-quarter collection.
The company's Internet advertising promotion service has a clear pattern, and its main client, Ali's mother, has a very strong advertising campaign during the "two-nil" period, which was recognized in December because of the income of Ali's mother the following month, and thus has a certain boost to the four-quarters campaign, which has raised user awareness and increased demand for teleworking.
The epidemic has triggered a huge demand for teleworking, a rapidly growing need for functions associated with remote, off-site, multi-person collaboration, users starting to explore and test many online programmes, and companies urgently expanding their servers during the spring season in response to surge user needs. But these demands have little impact on the company’s short-term earnings, and they will return to normal as the epidemic stabilizes and the enterprise starts to work again.
Cloud-based offices, characterized by “real-time online, multi-person collaboration, cloud-side storage, separation from equipment and distance limits” are experienced by a large number of people, and this wide-ranging user perception and experience can contribute to the development of future markets. At the same time, there are problems with teleworking: first, efficiency and stability, and short-term large-scale user influx is a test for products: second, data cloud problems, data clouded.
To ensure the security of company data and the smooth operation of teleworking: the third is the problem of user perceptions and habits, and teleworking products must work in terms of merit, scene, and user education.
King of Kim Shan Offices (688111): “Online Offices”, just in time for the cloud's economic dividend
Over the last three years, the company has experienced steady growth in operating income, generous R & D investment, good product performance, wide market space in the industry, and it is expected that 2019 will not be 60 times, 46 times and 34 times, with a “strongly recommended” rating.
"Online Office" King, just in time for the cloud's economic dividend, the East's financial and intellectual boom.
Wang Jianhui's research on the creation of values in high-growth areas such as retail, ott, etc.
The research assistant provides an overview of the research opinion of the researcher himself.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
The King of the "Online Office" (688111) does not guarantee that the information and advice contained in the report will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.