The company was first studied four months ago. Remember, in September, when the company was modeled.
It's not on the market yet, it's just near the meeting, and it's not famous, it's not read, it's not read, it's hardly noticed. But, in just four months, the painting changed so much that when it went on the market, it went off the road from a short low of $125 to $246.
It's called Kim Shan Office, the main product of which is wps office software. In the recent past, the venture boards have erupted collectively and with far greater intensity than the main board.
For example, there are also two cases that we have studied: the Vs Wah Xi creature at the office in KIMshan, which is also 400 billion cash a year, and the capital expenditure, which is not too high, is 40 to 50% of performance, and the returns, which are not much different, but the market value of the office in KIMshan is now 112.9 billion, and the market value is only 100 billion.
It's not that big of a comparison, if we're looking for another non-constructive firm, and it's all the more striking: Otiva, a small- and medium-sized company, and the head of the massage chair industry, which is also 400 million dollars a year.
This is what makes us attractive as emerging capital markets around the world: the same companies with 400 million dollars a year in cash.
The industry is not expected to grow at any lower rate, but the difference in valuation can be as large as 200 times. If you extend it, you can compare the differences between the medium and micro companies that we've studied before, the uplifting of technology, the rainbow soft technology, and the best.
Today, we're going to model the office in Phnom Penh. Before the modeling, let's look at the business data: between 2016 and 2018, the Māori rate was about 88%. This company, a competitor of Microsoft Office, is now on the ground.
Even though it is a Microsoft competitor, its physical size is simply not the same, and in terms of its city occupancy rate, Microsoft office is up to 90%. However, do not underestimate a company like Kim Shan, even in the face of an oligarchic competitor like Microsoft.
As of 2018, it had a monthly activity of as much as 310 million people. And, the Chairman of the Mi Group, the Mine Group, also holds 15.31% of its shares.
Following the incubation of games, poison-killing software, mobile applications, etc., in 2014, the office software and the Golden Hill linguist translation software were separated and ready to be marketed in 2019. The Hong Kong share of the Golden Hill software is moving as follows: So, there are a few questions for us to consider in depth before the valuation model:
1) How does Microsoft survive against a powerful opponent like Microsoft and achieve super-high growth? Behind its growth, what business logic is hidden? 2) Does wps have a competitive advantage over the office? Can they resist the attack? How will it break through?
Office monopoly competition patterns? 3) Since the beginning of the new era of cloud computing in 2008 in Amazonia, a number of traditional software giants have been turning to cloud services, such as Microsoft's office 365 service, and Odobe's extraencecloud service, which is a business model
What is the impact of this change on the intrinsic value of the entire office software company?) At present, the parent company's HK$23.7 billion market value is in this case, so what is the level of valuation after it has been marketed on the panel?
Today, we start with a gold mountain software that looks at the logic of valuation modelling in the field of software, as well as the characteristics of the industry. For related areas, we have also done financial modelling of the Helium Electronics, Space Information, purchasing the "core product II: science and technology modelling report" of the elite team, searching for reports and Excel financial modelling tables, and thinking about industrial logic in depth.
Kim Shan Offices, formerly Kimshan Software, were established in 1988 and converted to Kimshan Offices in 2011, mainly in the development and marketing of wps office software products and services, including wpsoffice Office Software and the Golden Mountain Phrase.
In terms of revenue structure, the share of conventional wps office software authorized in 2014-2108 has been gradually reduced, and Internet advertising services and value-added subscriptions to services have gradually increased, and are now well advanced. To model this case, the industry chain pattern must be taken first:
1) Upstream - predominantly idc server services and cdn bandwidth service providers, predominantly businesses such as Kamshanun and Ali's mother, with the top five suppliers accounting for 46.96% and more concentrated, with Jinshan Cloud as associated companies. 2) Midstream - predominantly office packages, with the main competitors being Microsoft Offices, Googledocs, and home ownership.
For this case, wpsoffice, Yong-chung office, winning Phuhua office, etc., the industry has a Māori ratio of 60-80%, of which Microsoft office markets are more than 80% and are monopolistic. 3) Downstream, there are two main categories - one in the field of office software, which is very widely applied and is directed to governments, businesses, etc.)
The rate of payment is higher for the private sector, which is mainly free of charge; the second is in the area of Internet advertising, where Internet enterprises in the country, such as treasure-hunting, skycats, tethers, etc., are more decentralized by providing Internet-based customer orientation and charging advertising promotion fees, with the top five clients concentrated at 27.68 per cent.
The following financial statement structure has been established in this industry chain: above, 19.11 per cent was spent on sales costs, 45.5 per cent on management costs (of which 37.85 per cent was spent on R & D), -0.17 per cent on financial costs, and other income, net return on investment and off-the-shelf income together did not exceed
10%. Then there's 27.5% net profit left. The basics of this case are concentrated in the following graphs: After looking at the above graphs, one of the key questions comes up — if there is to be a valuation model for the gold mountain office, it should be from
In order to understand the business model of the Kimsan software, the main product of which is wps office software and related services, we understand it through a situational experience: assuming that a.a. receives a task from the boss to analyse and report text based on the company ' s annual data, then the use of office software is the first priority, and the prevailing choice is minimal.
Soft Offices, wpsoffice Series — currently available software in two major series, office 2019 and office 365; of these, office 2019, is a stand-alone version of local software, purchased once and used for life, with one set of software available only
Personal computers; office 365, cloud-based saas application model, capable of achieving seamless multi-end syncs with cloud-endonedrive support, highlighting the concept of synergetic office.
Wps Basic version: Free of charge, basic documents, forms, lessons are available, but advertising shows and pop-ups do not support macro functions. In addition, part of the commercial version can be used in the form of open membership.
Commercial and advanced commercial versions: support macro functions, no advertising, seamless syncs based on cloud-based saas, and co-location, in addition to other functions such as data recovery, document restoration, and, as can be seen, Microsoft’s product chains are richer, except for the three traditional packages (word, excel, ppt)
In addition, there are onenote applications for cloud journal, onedrive applications for cloud storage, OXOLooks for mail applications, and a clearer division of functions and pricing for databases. Wps, following the Internet, actually completes the product through a smaller value-added function.
Five tranches (free, 89, 179, 365, 599).
2) In 1995-98, Microsoft Office System (MSOS) went to China, fast-tracked Wps clients through the binding, powerful functions and compatibility with wps of the Windows operating system, and wps fell to the bottom. 3) In 2003-2011, recompiled wps, aligned to Microsoft Office, using government software for national production.
As of 2011, Wps' personal editions had reached over 50 million downloads.4 In 2012-2013, rapid mobile end-to-end growth was facilitated by the use of mobile Internet waves, bringing the total number of Wps mobile end-to-end live monthly to 34 million.
5) Promotion of free basic + value added, two-wheel-drive advertising strategy, rapid growth in revenue generation, value added services and advertising revenue have become the main growth points from 2014 to the present. A phrase that sums up at the heart of the business model for office in Phnom Penh is “free + value added.” Gold, 2011-2018
The size of the mountain office revenue has increased rapidly, from 120 million yuan to 1,136 million yuan over eight years, with a compound rate of up to 32.44%, although small, the overall rate of growth is higher than that of Microsoft. Overall, this case is driven by revenue, moving from a traditional software sales model to a tool application with an Internet gene.
The logic behind the attribute (free-to-do-big user-flow realization) model is: 1) to expand the size of the user, which is the basis for income generation; and 2) to increase the conversion rate of the user charger based on the size of the user. So the question arises, if you put it in front of you, how do you choose?
Because software use is a relatively subjective thing, a better approach is to synthesize it by understanding different people ' s views, which requires a common platform -- question-and-answer. In a question-and-answer session on the question of whether Microsoft Office works or wps works, there are 285 answers, which we combine with the following observations:
1) The Microsoft Office series has far-fetched stability and fluidity of other competitive products, and its vba and function mosaicing functions are difficult to overstep with other tools such as wps, so that, for deep-seated users requiring a large amount of data processing and visualization, the priority is Microsoft Office, on a fee-paying basis.
2) For daily text processing and course displays, wps also use wps often because software is less resource-intensive and free of charge, and advertising windows interfere with users' experiences. Some users also indicate that software is free, 3) Microsoft Office 365 cloud service mode is still in a process of gradual acceptance in a market, wps membership dress.
So, in the face of such powerful enemies as Microsoft, the question that is critical for valuation modelling is what is to be seen in the future growth in revenue from the office in Kanshan, and how should performance be predicted?
Software payment authorization, which is now an important part of the current collection of the traditional software fee authorization business, which has been received separately for the last three years.
Twenty-five million yuan, 284 million yuan, and three hundred and fifty-five million yuan, or 22.9% compound growth, mostly for large and medium-sized enterprises, depending on whether their market share in the authorized market for payment increases. So, we use the market approach for revenue forecasting, first predicting the size of the market as a whole and then predicting its market share.
First of all, predicting the size of the market: According to data from the World Bank, by 2018, the number of users of office software in China had reached 655 million. In terms of the user size base alone, the number of users of office software in 2018 was already large, accounting for 79 per cent of the size of the Internet over the same period.
Passivity is second only to operating systems, browsers, social software, ranked fourth. China Office software user size (c) M&A model 2012-2018
The market size of the entire Chinese office software market is approximately 26.6 billion yuan (= 655 million *398 years/persons) if calculated at a personal cost of $398/year for Microsoft Office 365. However, in practice, based on worldwide information, the market size of China ' s office software in 2018 was only 8,450 million yuan, or 3.2 per cent of the estimated results.
How can there be such a gap? The core causes are two: 1) 655 million users of office software, many of which are low-frequency, non-in-depth users, who do not have the will to pay. 2) Many of the in-depth users remain outside the user group because of piracy or free software.
Here's the question: in the long run, how do we predict the amount of office software that we pay for? Here, we use the following logic for calculating: 1) using office software, provided that computers are connected to the Internet, so we use Internet penetration to get a broad picture.
(b) Identification of depth users among users of the broader office software based on user drawings;
So: the size of the office software pay-for-market = the number of users in the broad sense (the size of the Chinese Internet * Internet penetration*, the proportion of the public population*, the proportion of users in the public domain*, the unit price of the paid product. We take down these data one by one. Broad users — 829 million people in 2018, with 59% Internet penetration.
In Korea (95%), Japan (91%), the United States (89%), Germany (84%), we still have low Internet penetration compared to Japan and the United States. The Merger and Purchasing (M & As) assumes that our Internet penetration will reach the same level (85%) as Germany in the next decade.
With a population of 1.395 billion in 2018 remaining constant, the country's long-term netizen size is 1,185 million. In-depth user-office software as a productivity and efficiency tool, its user group is concentrated mainly among groups with greater demand for text and data processing, based on the Irey Consulting White Paper 2018 Wps Users.
Images of public software users, mainly in the following three groups: age - predominantly 26-30 years (35.2 per cent), 31-35 years (29.9 per cent), 36-40 years - predominantly university undergraduate (72.1 per cent), post-secondary (18.1 per cent), master's degree and above
Occupations - mainly concentrated in the company's general staff (35.3 per cent), middle management (21.8 per cent), professional technicians (20 per cent) and other senior managers, educators, civil servants and freelancers.5
2: On the basis of the above criteria, Irene consulted the wps user ' s White Paper, we screened Internet users for 2018: Merger and Purchase of Mergers, calculated on a cross-sectional basis, has a deep client base of 18-20%.
In the interim, the depth user group was 237 million, calculated on the basis of the size of 1,185 million Internet users in 2028, and, according to the results of the Global Software Alliance ' s 2018 software survey, China ' s non-granted software usage rates of 70 per cent, 73 per cent and 66 per cent, respectively, have declined significantly globally over the past three years.
In addition, the expansion of cloud computing saas subscriptions has also contributed to the improvement in the formalization of software. However, global usage of our non-authorized software remains high, far higher than in the United States.
On the basis of 15 per cent), Japan (16 per cent), Germany (20 per cent), which is also higher than Korea (32 per cent), and the introduction of software in the future, we assume that over the next 10 years the same level of active use of software will be achieved in the mainland region (1-35 per cent = 65 per cent), which would result in 154 million clients of long-term office software.
In summary, the size of the user has been resolved, and one parameter, the product price, can be understood as the average value of a single user to continue to estimate the size of the paid office market. In the case of Microsoft Office, Microsoft has been upgraded through successive versions in the so-called single-office age (mostly three years and one year).
Second, to achieve an increase in income, prices are more consistent, ranging from $140 to $440. In fact, the office’s updating cycle is consistent with that of personal computers (mostly once a year), so it is spread evenly to an average of 2019 households and individuals per user per year, according to low-level offices in the country.
The average value of a single user is $149. (Note: The total market size of $8 billion, calculated at $149* for a fee group of $554 million in 2018, is essentially consistent with the estimated $8.55 billion in World Wide Web information.) However, from 2011, Microsoft pushed the transition to cloud services by annual subscription, in the form of low-end office subscriptions.
For example, 365 personal editions, which are priced at $398/year, have actually increased the value of single users, and this cloud-oriented service model, judged by Merger and Purchasing, has actually become increasingly consumer-dependent, and will gradually increase as the level of economic development rises, the base being.
So, we make two optimistic and conservative assumptions: the dollar, the market size, is about $40.3 billion. Well, the whole market size has been solved by analysis, so the key question next is -- what's the city's share?
Prejudice? If this figure is resolved, then the future income of the case is largely prejudged and then valued. According to feedback from the office in Phnom Penh, the share of wpsoffice in the domestic office is 42.75 per cent based on the number of registered users.
However, the problem is that the number of registered users is not fee-paying, and in this case we are based on the industry fee-paying business.
So will the future share of wps’ office market increase? This requires answers from industry history. First, the core of the office software is always the data sheet market, not the text.
Word-processing markets. For example, the evolution of the data sheet software industry can be divided into three eras: 1) the Visicalc era — the first data sheet tool in the world, and has contributed to the outbreak of the personal computer age, represented by the Apple-ii computer.
2) lotus 1-2-3 era — the larger context of the rapid upgrading of computer hardware using ibm personal computers to shape stronger performances (visible table function, graphic integration, simple database) to defeat VIcalc. 3) Excel era — this time, with the compatibility of windows+x86 processor structures, Microsoft
Using its monopolistic windows operating system to push excel, and by introducing vba programming tools to integrate with word, ppt, to become a new master and to continue to this day. Looking through the history of office software development, the following patterns can be drawn:
1) Each new product replaces the market dominance of the original product, which takes place at a time when the value of the terminal hardware or bottom software is significant. 2) Moreover, the new product must demonstrate functions and concepts that go far beyond the original product.
3) The data sheet, because of its dual attributes of calculation and presentation, combines the stability, programming and algorithms of the database with a rich and excellent visualization experience. To look at it now, there are two major historical contexts: one is that the computer terminal has been transferred from the old pc to the mobile phone.
It's a core multi-end-mobility pattern, but productivity equipment is still dominated by pc; second, technological trends, characterized by cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence, are getting deeper. This also determines that office software, in order to adapt to this new trend, will have to carry an increasing volume of data computing and migration.
The more intelligent it is, the more it is able to achieve multiple terminals. For the time being, Wps has a weak vba function, a large number, and the volatility of the computational function is still very strong (user feedback, references to a summary of comments), although mobile devices have a better experience, and there are more bright spots in the pc end user interface.
In addition to the fact that wps use a free strategy for individual consumer groups, in the short term, their fee-paying software is largely authorized to concentrate on political clients, while the wider individual and small and medium-sized enterprise markets cannot emerge in the short term, and on this basis we make two assumptions:
To this end, the number of users, the total size and the city occupancy rate have been analysed, and there are other business needs to be considered - then how will the subscriptions of the office in Kimshan be predicted in the future? Subscriptions, mainly in the form of fee-based membership, are concerned with the provision of basic functions such as Word, Excel, etc.
Other functions, like a collection of office settings, include formatting, data restoration, template materials, etc. As follows:
Service subscription income = number of active clients per month* *arpu (average value per user) Number of active clients per month — more than 120 million monthly active users of the Wpsoffice desktop version in 2018, with an increase in the rate of growth by reference to the depth of the wps above, reaching 177 million in 2028 ten years.
The fee-paying client conversion rate - the combined fee for wps members + rice shell members was 4.81 million, respectively, taking into account that wps members and rice shell members were converted from desktops, with a rate of 4 per cent based on 120 million monthly desktop users in 2018.
So, in the future, which level can the Wps pay client conversion rate be raised? Here, in the light of the news, its core product is the instant communication tool qq, which is the typical free-of-charge + value-added service model, and the growth of its value-added business, which is driven by multiple drivers over time:
Prior to 2005 — Mobile Dreamnet Value Added Business; 2005-2018 — qq and qzone Member Service; 2008-2017 — Game Added Business; 2015-2018 — Music, Video, Literary Value Added Industry, with a higher rate of payment, given that video-type applications are content-driven and copyright driven (Aichi Art, Tent Video 2018)
On the one hand, given the high rate of conversion, which is mainly achieved through a multiplicity of production scenarios, it can be seen that the rate of conversion of subscription services in wps will increase in the future.
(qq, micro-mail, qq space, games, literature, music) and the wpsoffice subscription service has a very small set of scenes, while, on the other hand, the subscription service offered by wps is of a different value than that offered by Microsoft.
The rate of conversion of tungsten payments was fully achieved, compared to about 70 per cent of the tungsten conversion rate. Arpu (average income of users) - based on operating income of $393 million in 2018, with 4.81 million users paying fees, and an average income of $81 per user in 2018, which is basically in line with Wps member ' s 89/year.
Simplified assumption that arpu will remain unchanged at $89/year for the projection period, then the following subscriptions are calculated for the projection period. The second largest operation, “subscription services”, is analysed and basically projected. We will continue with the third business, “advertisement”, and the income will be as follows:
The advertising business, which generates advertising slots mainly through wpsoffice screen openings, windows, text chains, and then generates advertising revenue from partners such as self-employed third-party advertising platforms (e.g., Ali's mom, 100-degree union). The main division is two types: display advertising (cpt, cpc), effect advertising (cps, cpa).
In this case, despite the speed with which advertising is growing, unlike commercial models, such as microblogging, 360, ink weather, which are mainly based on advertising patterns, deep office plus tool-specific products, users naturally dislike frequent advertising. At the same time, based on our observations on the Question & Answers website, and personal outreach to wps clients.
So, we are cautious and conservative about the future growth of advertising in this case. So, here, Merger and Purchasing predicts a gradual reduction in the growth rate of the current industry to that of the forward gdp.
As a result of its advertising business, which is dominated by the caps model for advertising to Alibaba electric power suppliers, the overall e-commerce advertising market has been on a downward trend since 2017, with an average annual rate of 18.5 per cent.
The scale of e-commerce advertising in China ' s cyberadvertisement market 2013-2020. Merger-buying is expected to reduce the rate of e-advertisement in China 's cyberadvertisement market by 2028, and the third largest "advertisement business" is projected to be complete. We can finally predict the overall income -
So, when we combine the three major operations, we get the following growth over the next 10 years: optimistic: it is expected that this step will be completed with one key link remaining - the income growth test. Because this case is a start-up panel waiting to go up, and according to the gold roe in 2018, it's 26.17% of the Hong Kong stock parent's historical score.
The rate of 21.85 per cent is 26.17 per cent* (1-21.85 per cent) = 20 per cent, followed by an industry growth rate of 14 per cent for the three major industrial producers, 14 per cent for Microsoft, 23 per cent for Adobe and 12 per cent for autodesk.
So, the income-level assumption is largely complete, but here's what's more important about the valuation model -- how does the profit sheet be constructed? Where will future annual revenue go?
Stable, with higher fluctuations in net profits in 2015. Thus, the key factor affecting profit margins is cost. Cost of services (cost 45 per cent) and member service function (25 per cent). Expenditure, which is largely related to income growth; member service function procurement is primarily a third party in the wps template library.
Procurement, which is positively linked to the growth in subscriptions to office services, is expected to increase business costs as the scale expands.autodesk (88.87 per cent), of which Microsoft, mainly its low-māori hardware business, is delaying the overall Māori rate, excluding the industry ' s overall Māori rate of between 85 and 90 per cent.
Thus, M & As reasonably assumes a slight increase in operating cost revenue over the projected period, with a peak level with the same industry The main costs in this case are administrative costs (including about 60 per cent of R & D costs), sales costs (about 23 per cent) and lower financial costs (no more than 3 per cent).
2) Management costs (including R & D) - mainly R & D costs, with revenues of 39.4%, 15%, Salesforce 15% in the last three years, but given the low base of office R & D costs in Phnom Penh and the fact that they are in a back-up phase, there is still a need to maintain a high intensity of R & D inputs. On this basis, M & A reasonably predicts its administrative costs.
On the manual side, the share of income will decline over the last three years as the base income base expands. On advertising promotion fees, this is the cost of the majority of Internet companies leading to the flow, and this case wps is available at the end of pc.
The users are mainly software download stations, official websites, pc security software butlers, 100% search: the mobile owner is to pre-assemble and apply the mobile software. Since wpsoffice is a mainstream application of basic office software after Microsoft office, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, search, pre-position, pre-screening, pre-screening, pre-screening, pre-screening, pre-screening, and application of mobile software.
The cost of obtaining customers such as housekeeper software is free; software download stations and pre-positioned mobile phones are charged. However, as industry penetration reaches saturation, the associated costs will decrease.
Apart from the share of depreciation amortized), the profit schedule is basically complete, but there is an important element of money that needs specific analysis -- how much would this case cost in terms of long-term capital?
In the balance sheet, the impact of the valuation is on capital expenditure and operating capital, starting with capital expenditure — a light asset operating model in this case — which consists mainly of the costs of maintaining servers, computers, software, etc. necessary for the day-to-day operation of the enterprise, with the share of capital expenditure in income concentrated between 2 and 5 per cent over the last five years.
Fixed assets accounted for the majority (except for centralized acquisition of server equipment in 2016). According to the disclosure of the new fund-raising project in the Office of Kimsan, the cumulative investment of $2.05 billion in four main areas, such as the artificial intelligence base project in the office area, and the Internet cloud service for office products, involved fixed assets
With $161 million in investment and 228 million in intangible assets, and considering that the demand for office equipment, servers, specialized software and so on will continue at a faster rate as the number of clients increases, M&A assumes that 4 per cent of additional fixed assets/revenues and 4 per cent of additional intangible assets/receipts will be added
Based on this, we can calculate depreciation and amortization - since the fixed assets of the office in Phnom Penh are mainly electronic equipment (92 per cent of the book value of fixed assets in 2018), software (92 per cent of the book value of fixed assets in 2018), thus assuming depreciation of fixed assets/32 per cent of the fixed assets at the beginning of the period; amortization of intangible assets/the amount of the intangible assets at the beginning of the period
Long-term capital expenditures such as equipment, servers, etc. have been cleaned up. But there is another factor affecting free cash flows that needs to be considered — in this case, whether it is strong or weak in the industrial chain? Can it take up up and down the money to enhance its intrinsic value?
First, the right to downstream speech — looking at accounts receivable and accounts received in advance — in which the sale of refunds to distributors has a shorter period (generally no longer than three months) and the direct sale of refunds to government and corporate clients has a longer period (up to 12-24 months): the other part is the late settlement of the bill to advertising customers, leading to the existence of a certain amount of debt.
Since 2016, the ratio of accounts receivable to accounts receivable has been declining, mainly as a result of a gradual increase in subscriptions to individual consumers and non-productive receivables. By industry, adobe, autodesk is mainly a client group, with small- and medium-sized enterprises and individual consumers in comparison.
Large, so that revenue is relatively low, while Microsoft now has more of its current revenue, such as Windows, Offices, Surface, Xbox, for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and individual consumers, so that the receivable ratio is also at a relatively low level, while Salesforce is concentrated in large and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and is therefore relatively high overall.
Based on the above income projections, whether its future revenue share is larger or 2b operations, the increase in the accounts receivable share of accounts received in advance is mostly in the form of pre-charges (monthly or annual) for individual consumers, which in the long term are positively related to the increase in the subscription service business.
Future growth in income from subscription services has been limited, and Merger/Accessor Simplified assumes that advance payments/business income will be maintained differently. Second, upstream voice — mainly prepaid accounts, accounts payable — accounts payable, prepaid accounts are largely generated by the application period to the idc service provider and post-sale service provider.
The gradual increase in the accounts payable ratio today and the gradual decline in advance payments indicate a stronger voice, but given the current study here, several of the main variables in the valuation model have been identified. When the assumptions are made, the modelling is a water-to-water process. All of this is for financial modelling tables.
Before we do the modelling, let's take a look at the basics of the case:
1. Future growth, mainly as a result of the growth in the office software industry, the increase in the per capita user value of cloud services, and the gradual increase in market share. 2) With regard to city occupancy, the market will continue to grow steadily, benefiting from the background of the national production of software.
3) There is limited scope for downsides in terms of cost rates and rates. To close the gap with Microsoft office products, high levels of R & D inputs will need to be maintained, and future cost rates will remain high. 4) Large capital expenditures in the future will be low, contributing to a rise in free cash flows.
5) In terms of operating capital, there is limited space for suppliers; moreover, if there is a significant increase in the number of government clients in the future, there will be greater occupancy of accounts receivable and the risk of expanding operating capital. To study this, several of the main variables in the valuation model have been identified.
In addition to the detailed valuation matrix of some of the key companies, please purchase a scientific and technical version of the report, for example, Kimshan Office, Smart Nine, Everett, and a copy of the report.
The model portion of the valuation is modelled as follows:
In the report that follows, we will address the following major issues in the case. Only if we think about them clearly can we understand the company in question and form a logical shut-off. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, we can move across the secondary market -- but in fact, if we don't model the valuation, the money.
The two main factors of risk make it clear that there is still a potential for major disaster: 1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies. What is the difference between the data zones that have been generated, and whether there is something to think about?
2) Does the combination of relative valuations, absolute valuations, and the resulting range of valuations be logical? Where are the differences? If a sensitivity analysis is conducted, how much is the impact of wacc and acceleration on valuation?) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain - different methods in the valuation modelling process in this case.
What difference does it make? How should all the financial forecasts be combined to form a closed link to the valuation model?
The value of the case is whether it is expensive or cheap in what areas? Because of the public details of the report, there is a conflict with the paying user of the merger-ordered report, the M & A team will be required to report to the user, part of it will no longer be free of charge, and gradually try to pay for the function.
In this case, it will be updated to the Nucleus II: Science Report Book, which will scan the lower 2D code, obtain details of the valuation modelling of the case, and the financial risks that may be involved.
To obtain model tables and invoices after purchase, add a staff micro-letter: ys_dsj in addition to this case, values are low, security margins, the eight words can be said to be the true core of the value investment research system and Ba.
Feather, Charlie Manger, Seth Callaman, Peter Lynch, John Neve, Joel Greenbrattt, the masters of both the primary and the secondary markets, who have at the same time financial analysis, industrial analysis, conservation river analysis,
Valuation analysis, portfolio analysis skills, and especially valuation analysis skills, are the essence of the entire system of value investment research. However, since valuation is not just a measure of data, it also needs to be based on an understanding of the market, an analysis of the industry, and
This is the direction for which the M&A team will work for the rest of its life -- together with us, daily carding, use.
In 10 years, 10,000 companies have been studied, and, despite the amount of effort, they will not save their labour, and their taste will not reduce their material strength. The best-selection has always been the way that M&As insist. We've been thinking about the research system for almost five years, and hundreds of companies for nearly three years.
And the hundreds of high-quality valuation reports that we've chosen are all concentrated in this library, which, on the one hand, is the entire record of the merger and acquisition of the team research system, and, on the other hand, is hoping to stimulate your thinking and reduce the bending path. We're a group of researchers that focus on in-depth research.
For example, we are only responsible for financial analysis, industrial research, content research, and content analysis, and do not support any form of decision-making basis, nor any form of investment advice.
Sex, organized in accordance with its statutory obligation to disclose publicly to the public information on accounts, audits, bulletins, etc., does not endorse future changes, and any future changes are irrelevant. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee its integrity, accuracy, timeliness. Market risks, and research needs to be careful.
Covers some of the priority industries and cases and does not ensure that all cases you need are covered. Please understand. 4) Regarding the platform: All elements of the elite team are exported only from the micro-credit platform, are not responsible for any other platform content, and we reserve the right of legal recourse in case of counterfeiting or infringement.
[Data support] Some of the data from the study in this case, supported by the following institutions, thank you very much for the fact that the domestic market is bloomberg, Reuters, and ranked in no order of order. For a professional study of the internal and external securities market, these institutions are essential. If you are interested in buying the data terminals of the above institutions, we can replace them if you are welcome to contact us.