The Center for Medical Health Research has grown significantly, and the ophthalmologist's head barrier is firmly entrenched.
Long, 24.74 per cent; net profit on return of 1.379 billion yuan, an increase of 36.67 per cent over the same period; high growth in corporate performance and strong growth in domestic ownership throughout the year 2019, with robust growth in business portfolios, with strong growth in visual light.
The company ' s Māori ratio continued its upward trend in 2019, looking at the structural optimization and volume of the light business, the publication of the Bill of Increment, the full validation of the business model - the company ' s old hospital continued to grow well. At the same time, the reliance on the home for its performance continued to decline.
“Integration of internationalization strategies, growth paths continue to validate low trends, companies have moved into new hospitals with a higher share of income and profit contributions, homes have maintained a steady increase in the number of homes, El ophthalmology Quarterly 2019”,
201010203. " Performance meets expectations, ophthalmologist heads are steadily moving forward - sequenced chain models are replicated and growth paths continue to be validated.
4. The semi-annual report forecast meets expectations, performance continues to increase.
With the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, we expect ophthalmology to be under short-term pressure and gradually recover as the outbreak is under control. We keep looking at El ophthalmology's off-site reproduction capabilities, while looking at the future of the company.
In the light of the forecast for the quarterly report and the impact of the epidemic, we have adjusted the forecast of net profit returns to mothers for the period 2020-2021.
Risk of short-term fluctuations in demand for ophthalmological treatment: risk of medical problems: risk of network sinking: risk of medical accidents: risk of delayed injection from MFA hospital: risk of loss of goodwill; risk of construction of district hospitals with less than expected progress, etc.
• The company published its annual report for 2019. In 2019, it achieved operating income of $9.990 billion, an increase of 24.74 per cent over the same period; in 2000 it achieved a net return of $1,379 million, an increase of 36.67 per cent over the same period; and in 2019 it achieved a high rate of growth in the company ' s performance, with a marked increase in domestic ownership.
▪ Annual report 2019. Business income of $9.990 billion was realized in 2019, representing an increase of 24.74 per cent in the same year; net profit from maternity was $1,379 million, an increase of 36.67 per cent in the same year;
The growth of domestic ownership is still strong, excluding overseas M&As. We expect a steady growth of the same income end as the same growth rate. 2. Business plates are growing robustly, with sightings growing. 1.93 billion yuan, or 30.7 per cent, of the same increase in operating income.
19.32. We believe that the strong growth in sight operations is due to the fact that the country ' s near-sighted anti-control strategy promotes the expansion of opportunities while at the same time steadily increasing the average unit price of mirrors and mirrors as the company expands its visual brands and visual service capabilities.
The main reasons for the growth in the kurch operations, which generated 3.51 billion dollars in income, rose by 25.6 per cent in comparison with the previous year, to 35.3 per cent of the operating income, were: 1) the increase in the value of the domestic market as a result of the increase in the share of high-end surgery, such as full flying seconds, icl., and 2) the company ' s presence in district hospitals and primary kurology units.
Cataract surgery, 1.76 billion, an increase of 14.0 per cent, fell to 17.6 per cent of the main business (19.3 per cent during the same period last year). Cataract operations have resumed at a rate that we believe is the main reason for this:
The rate of growth in the number of operations for cataracts is still at a slow pace, as a result of the transition in the integration of the State ' s health-care policy for urban residents and rural co-operative care, as well as the optimal restructuring of the spending structure of health-care services in sub-provincial areas. But with the company ' s application of high-end multi-focal crystals, flying-second cataracts, etc.
The effect of the transformation of the company ' s upgrading of cataract operations is beginning to be evident: 1.11 billion people per year were able to achieve an increase of 12.7 per cent in the immediate period of surgery and 70.0 billion in the back of the line, an increase of 28.3 per cent in the same period.
▪ Chrysotile surgery, cataract surgery, immediate surgery, back-of-the-eye surgery, visual services, and other diseases, accounting for 35.3 per cent, 17.6 per cent, 11.1 per cent, 7.0 per cent, 19.3 per cent, respectively, of El ophthalmology ' s income in 2019, and the company ' s Māori ratio maintained its upward trend in 3.2019, with a view to the structural optimization and price associated with light and draught operations
Outside the business, the Māori rate of the rest of the business plate has increased in varying degrees. We believe that the reason for the continued increase in corporate gross interest rates is closely linked to the structural optimization and volume increases brought about by consumer upgrading projects such as visualization, draughting, etc.
In 2019, the company’s costs were largely stable, and the increase in the Māori rate led to an overall increase in profits 4. The company’s old hospital continued to grow at an excellent level of internal growth. At the same time, the reliance on the home’s performance remained low, the company had moved into a new hospital with a higher share of income and profit contributions, and the home remained stable.
In 2018, the company’s top seven front door shops made a combined contribution of $1.97 billion (youy = 17%), net return to the mother, and based on historical data tracking, the income and profit share of the company’s seven core hospitals fell year by year.
The increase in the share of new hospitals has led to a virtuous circle of development of old and new hospitals.  The growth in the long Shere-side hospital in 2019 was 14.7 per cent (established in December 2004), the increase in profits 17.2 per cent (established in July 2003) and the increase in profits 29.4 per cent.
The income end of Chengdu-El grew by 20.0 per cent (established in December 2002), while the profit end grew by 31.6 per cent, the income end of Yang-il grew by 14.1 per cent (established in September 2003), the profit end grew by 27.5 per cent, the revenue end of Changzhou-El grew by 24.8 per cent (established in September 2004) and the profit end grew by 15.3 per cent.
As the network subsides, the company gradually infiltrates to the grass-roots level, most of it.
With the help of the M & A Fund, the Institute of External Medicine of the corporate system is well-stocked, and its growth path has been fully validated by the orderly injection of in vitro projects.
At the same time, the company disclosed plans to issue shares and pay cash to purchase assets and raise matching funds to purchase 100 per cent of Tianjin's interest by issuing shares.
Twenty-six ophthalmological hospitals: 100% share in Ored's optics and cash payments; 80% share in Ored's ophthalmology hospital: 90% share in Ori's ophthalmology hospital and 90% share in Kaiju's Sunshine ophthalmology hospital. At the same time, the company intends to pay no more than 90% share in the Ori's ophthalmology hospital.
6. The strategy of internationalization, with domestic innovations to improve the demand for multi-layered health services, is expected to become a future international aspect, with companies announced on August 26, 2019 to the shareholders of the ichealthcareltd.
By launching an offer acquisition, the company has now successfully acquired 56.53% of its shareholding in the Isec to open up the South-East Asian market. On the domestic front, the company continues to operate on a profitable scale through medical upgrades in core business such as dredging, visualization, cataracts, etc., while targeting the rapid expansion of the visual industry.
With regard to the further breakdown of health services, the company has attempted to provide child and child eye and high-end eye services. 7. Launching a global ingenuity project, with improved medium- and long-term incentives, has contributed to the sustainable development of the company.
• The company has traditionally focused on building and developing the talent of science and research platforms. During the reporting period, the corporate innovation talent campaign officially launched the “Global Ingenuity” series of talent development programmes, which will be directed at the global introduction and training of international leaders, industry leaders, youth elites and senior ophthalmological and managerial personnel.
▪ At the same time, the company ' s restrictive stock incentive scheme for 2016 was awarded for the first time in phase III and reserved for phase II and the partnership plan was unlocked and implemented steadily.
Profit predictions and investment proposals:  Due to the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, we expect ophthalmology to be under short-term pressure, gradually recover as outbreak control is under way, and we maintain our judgment on the long-term ophthalmology demand. We keep looking at ophthalmology.
(a) The ability to replicate from a remote location, while at the same time looking forward to the future, will continue to build ecological platforms around ophthalmology and serve national ophthalmological health management; the risk of short-term fluctuations in demand for ophthalmological treatment; the risk of medical problems; and the risk of downswing of the network;
Risk of medical accidents; risk of delayed injection of the M&A Fund hospital; risk of impairment of goodwill; risk of lower-than-expected construction of county hospitals, etc.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment