Bulls Group (603195): 23h1 is running steady, profitable, new business continues to work.
The Bulls Group Inc. was founded in 1995 with a net profit of $1.09 billion, or +25.4 per cent.
Research and development, production and marketing of civilian electrician products, major packages, construction of company systems and channels for deep-farming products, strong converters, wall switches, headlamps, inclusive converters (i.e. extended line plugs, mobile plugs, etc.),
New businesses such as new energy sources are being phased in. Wall switches, led lighting, digital accessories, and so on. Smart electrician lighting: $3.77 billion, compared to +15.5%. Companies continue to optimize walls.
Connecting and using electrical extension products, which are widely applied to the home, led lighting-type products and channel systems, with a focus on a masterless light class that builds the whole-house smart ecology at its core. (1) Product aspects, walling, and led lighting developments closely follow.
Intelligent, ultra thin, and other industry trends, digging for the use of the scenes, and good market feedback. Unowned light products. Lines have been upgraded to match smart light modules with rich money, allowing light efficiency to be freely regulated. In the same time, the company has launched a new brand, "Light" , and plans to build a professional brand in the field of orphan lamps. (2) canals.
On the other hand, the company focuses on the sale of pre-package packages, promotes the construction of full-scale flagship shops, specialized areas and the construction of a network of lightless areas; digs retail outlets, cooperates with dress-up companies, develops sanitary and lock shops for smart eco-products (baskethouses, smart door locks, etc.)
The new brand “blowing” channel is well established, and the first half of the year has almost completed the coverage of distributors in major provincial councils and economically developed cities, and is expected to expand faster in the future.
Circulation b/h (millions of shares) New energy operations: $131 million, or +195.2 per cent of the year, with rapid roll-out. Companies working with b-side channels at end-c and expanding rapidly, with nearly 10,000 distributors at the end of June, 500
At the same time, the company is actively promoting the export of its products, and has now achieved cross-border power suppliers, independent overseas stations, and has gradually opened vertical power suppliers and sub-line agents.
Companies are now in the vanguard of third-party brands, and their size will continue to rise. Firms are actively developing storage products that are expected to meet the market opportunities of developed-country households and help open up markets in Europe and America.
Electricity connection business: $3.68 billion, +4.7 per cent of the year, robust growth. (1) The converter class has a strong corporate edge, with continuous innovation around a breakdown of the electrical landscape, while adapting to different channels to optimize products, pushing up sales, and raising the price per guest. At the same time, the company started to build up at the end of c.
Expanding on emerging markets in South-East Asia, b. Expanding on emerging scenarios such as industrial end-of-end distribution, data centres, etc., opening up a growth space for conversion products. (2) With regard to digital accessories, companies focus on fast-loading areas and promote “safe fast-loading” branding strategies.
S14852108005 The Māori rate has risen significantly, with a high premium on tops and a steady increase in profitability. 2023h1 gross has benefited, on the one hand, from falling prices of raw materials, such as copper, and, on the other, from the positive growth of the company.
. The prices of raw materials are still low, and the Māori rate for the company remains high in the second half of the year. h1 sales, management, R & D rates + 1.9 pc, + 0.1 pc, +0.0 pct, of which q2 sales rates are equal to +2.6 pct, mainly due to the lack of master lamps and the fact that new energy lines are still in the pre-input period.
Corporate spending will continue in the second half of the year, and the cost rate is expected to fall over the next six months. Overall, the company ' s net interest rate on h1 is 24.0%, compared to +2.0pt, and looks forward to a year-round profit margin, profit forecast and investment rating: the company ' s development strategy is clear.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is solid and is expected to grow steadily through product innovation and improved access. Companies rely on their own channels and power-connection technology for the expansion of their products, with a large market space for two new business markets: orphan lamps and new energy sources.
At the same time, the company has been active in setting up overseas markets to open up future growth opportunities. The company is expected to return to the Bulls Group (603195) in 2023-2025: 23H1 has been well run, profitable and profitable, and the new business continues to flourish.
Chang-jae Shen-Yu-Lun is in the direction of consumer light work research.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Bulls Group (603195): 23h1 is sound, profitable, and the new business continues to function without any change in the information and advice it contains. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.