18 August 2023 q2 performance, fast-tracking new energy operations Bulls Group (603195.sh)
Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2023. During the reporting period, the company achieved a significant increase in the Māori rate of Chen Berquu, an increase in the cost rate and an improvement in the net rate of interest.
Over the reporting period, the company combined Māori rate was 40.52%, an increase of 4.58 pct compared to 4.58 pct. Its three main business lines go hand-in-hand, and the new energy business expands rapidly.
New, digital components focus on the fast-loading area, generating $3.677 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 4.66%.
It has continued to enrich the product by targeting a number of areas, including home, business and industrial engineering; and in smart headlights, the Bull brand line has been further upgraded and launched by the Bulls Group.
Light brands; continuous innovation in eco-types to enhance product power, generating streaming, straight charge gun and charge pole products during the reporting period, and promoting the operational layout of energy storage products, with a strong competitive advantage for top half of the equipment, wall switch plugs, and maintaining the top of the Skycat market line on a continuous basis
One, and the sales of new energy chargers and charge-posts, have been well ahead of third-party brands since June 2021. Barriers to access advantages are evident, and new sources of energy, orphan lights, are expanding successfully throughout the country.
More than 750,000 hardware outlets, more than 120,000 professional decorations and lamps, and more than 250,000 digital accessories. At the same time, companies have been fully integrated into major electric power platforms, such as cats, treasures, Kyoto, multi-blank, etc.
There are dozens of online authorized distributors. With regard to new energy, companies form professional teams, quickly copy terminal construction, and by the end of June 2023, a total of nearly 10,000 specialized distributors, such as new energy and gas shops, car beauty shops, and small-to-medium-end operators, had been developed.
More than 500. With regard to headlights, a new and innovative marketing model for “business centres + experience shops” was created. Based on past experience, the methodology for the opening of experience shops was quickly summarized. During the reporting period, it was largely completed for the country's major provincial capitals and the economy.
:: Investment proposal: companies continue to deepen their channels of innovation with user needs at their core; products, traditional businesses are growing robustly, headlamps, new energy sources, etc.
I am committed to presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.