CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
BYD (002594 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Benefit from the outperformance of LFP
Target Price
RMB293.2
(Previous TP
RMB223.8)
Up/Downside
+28.9%
BYD delivered outstanding auto sales in Dec. NEV sales reached 29K with
Current Price
RMB227.5
flagship Han EV shipment exceeded 12k units in Dec. NEV sales volume had
accounted for 44% of total auto sales in 2020. Looking ahead in 2021E, we still
see several positive catalysts for BYD from 1) new DM EV model to boost sales;
China NEV Sector
2) cooperation with DiDi to take the lead in the ride-hailing renewable cycle; 3)
power battery capacity expansion to support EV sales; and 4) semiconductor
Jack Bai
segment spin-off to release business value. We revised up BYD's TP by 31% to
RMB293.2. Reiterate BUY rating.
Robin Xiao
NEV sales speeded up in Dec. BYD announced that total auto sales volume
achieved 56K units in Dec, +30% YoY/+4%MoM.In Dec, NEV reached 29K,
+120%YoY (NEPV 28K/+157%YoY, NECV 1K/-48%YoY). Delivery of Han
continued to climb with a total of 12K units in Dec, up 19.6%MoM. The annual
Stock Data
cumulative sales volume was 427K units/-7%YoY, in line with CMBI
expectation.
China NEV sales growth to accelerate in 2021E. We expect that the sales
volume of NEV in China will continue to rise at a high speed in 2021E. Given
1) the strong NEV pipeline among all major OEMs; 2) the product recognition
Source: Bloomberg
from retail consumers; 3) the beginning of the first round of replacement cycle
in ride-hailing business; 4) the gradual introduction of LFP version for existing
Shareholding Structure
models, we expect the penetration rate of NEV will exceed market
expectations. Specifically, we expect the penetration rate of NEV to reach 7%
in 2021E, with a corresponding sales volume of 1.92mn units, representing an
Source: Company announcement
increase of 57% (1.66mn NEPV/260K NECV).
Share Performance
NEV sales volume to increase 99% in 2021E. We estimate BYD's NEV
market share declined to 15% in 2020, due to epidemic impacts and late
release of new vehicle model. Starting from 2021, BYD will use a brand new
logo and launch several new models including Qin Plus (based on the latest
super hybrid DM-i platform), Song Pro DM, etc. We expect those measures
Source: Bloomberg
12-mth Price Performance
between BYD and DiDi to take lead in the ride-hailing renewable cycle. We
estimate D1 to have 66K units shipment in 2021E. As we believe the
Company's NEV sector to maintain strong recovery, we expect BYD's market
share in NEPV to continue to rebound to 20%, and that will boost NEV sales
volume to 364K units in 2021E, +99%YoY. We think BYD will gradually shift
its business focus to NEV from ICE (61% vs 39% in 2021E), and maintain
ICE vehicle sales at 244K units,
relatively
stable
+3%
YoY.
Earnings Summary
Auditor: Ernst & Young
Related Report
"BYD (002594 CH) - Momentum to
"BYD (002594 CH) - Upside
remains as bottom-line revised up"
BYD (002594 CH) - A shining
monthly delivery of model "Han" -
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
2020E earnings to reach RMB5.3bn. Given the updated sales volume and
sales mix, we revised our net profit forecast by +1% to RMB5.3bn in 2020E.
At the same time, we expect a more optimistic sales forecast of NEPV in
2021E, from 300K units to 364K units. As a result, we raised our 2021E
bottom-line by 11% to RMB7.7bn.
Strong LFP battery demand boost segment valuation. We revised the
2025E P/E multiple for the power battery segment from the previous 25x to
35x. We observe a gradual increase in the market share of the LFP battery.
The main reasons are from two aspects: 1) driven by a sharp price cut by
Tesla, the NEV industry has a strong demand for cost reduction, and domestic
NEV players are facing the pressure of continuous cost reduction which lead
to increasing LFP battery installation for new EV models; 2) BYD's blade
battery, taking advantage of high volume density, can reduce the cost while
making up for the short mile range to a certain extent, which can make up for
the shortcoming for traditional LFP's less power density compared with
NCM/NCA. We believe blade battery is expected to become the first choice in
the subdivision of LFP. At present, BYD's blade battery is still in the ramp-up
period of production capacity while accumulating certain potential demand as
state above. We, therefore, raise the valuation multiple of the power battery
segment to reflect a more optimistic shipment expectation. We adopted 2025E
35x PE (compared with the previous 2025E 25x PE) to get the corresponding
valuation of the battery sector at RMB189bn.
■ BYD semiconductor to spin off in 2021E. On 31 Dec 2020, BYD announced
that it plans to spin off and list its holding subsidiary, BYD semiconductor. The
main products of BYD semiconductor are IGBT modules and 3rd-generation
semiconductor products (SiC). At present, BYD is planning to build its own
SiC production line, which is expected to be completed in 2021E. In addition,
BYD SiC will fully replace IGBT to increase vehicle mileage by about 10% in
2023E. We are optimistic about BYD's technology accumulation in the field of
vehicle-grade semiconductors. The third-generation semiconductors (GaN
and SiC) are very suitable for high voltage devices due to their wide bandgap
characteristics. The electronic saturation speed of GaN is high, which is
suitable for making microwave devices. It is applied to RF front-end amplifiers
of mobile phones, 5G base stations, and microwave radars. The main
application areas of SiC focused on by BYD are still in the field of electronic
control and charging piles of NEV. At the same time, with the construction of
the 5G base station entering the accelerating stage, the demand for small
base stations (micro base stations) is gradually released. In the future,
equipment suppliers will adopt the design of GaN-on-SiC based on silicon
carbide substrate as the power supply module, which can achieve higher
power density (to avoid the large amount of heat management hardware
required by LDMOS, thus reducing the size of the base station) to meet the
high frequency/high power requirements of their base stations. We believe
that after the spin-off of BYD semiconductor, it is expected to achieve further
independent operation, so as to expand the product matrix to adapt to different
downstream needs and open up the valuation space.
■ Pending to have H-share placement. BYD submitted application materials
for issuing additional H-share to CSRC. With reference to listing rules of both
the H and A-share market, we think H-share issuance will have the highest
funding raising efficiency. Boosted by current thrilling market sentiment, the
H-A discount is at a close level. We expect BYD's new share placement to
have a limited pricing discount and dilution impact to EPS, and rapid
fundraising will help BYD accelerate power battery capacity expansion to meet
surging market demand for blade battery. We think the placement will further
enhance BYD's leading position in the power battery segment and boost the
business external shipment pace, which will likely release the segment's
value.
■ Revise valuation; maintain BUY. We estimate BYD is currently trading at
2021E 6.6x NEV P/S, and 30x 2025E power battery P/E according to our
SOTP valuation model. We think both sector's current valuation is far behind
corresponding peers. Based on our revised NEV sales outlook and optimistic
NEV sales mix in total auto sales volume, we lifted 2021E NEV P/S to 9x, and
boost power batter valuation slightly from 25x to 35x then discount back. Our
segment valuation for Auto/power battery/semi-conductor business is
RMB656.7/189.3/16.0bn. Applying 15% conglomerate discount, we derived
for H-share). Maintain BUY rating.
Focus chart
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data
Source: Company data
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Earnings Revision
Figure 7: Earnings revision
Source: CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Figure 9: Revenue breakdown
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Figure 11: Valuation comparison vs major NEV players
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Note:
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Note: *All numbers are based on A share financial statement
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.