Events: Companies published annual reports 2019 and first quarterly reports 2020, with revenue of 54.93 per cent achieved in 2019. 2020q1 achieved income of 1,368 million yuan, a 12.74 per cent decline in comparison with the previous year, resulting in net profit for the mother
The performance in 2019 was higher than the forecast ceiling, with slightly higher market expectations: income of $5.414 billion in 2019, an increase of 28.57 per cent in the same year, net profit of $1,296 million in the mother, an increase of 54.93 per cent in the same year, and performance of higher than previously forecasted ceilings, slightly higher than market expectations.
On the other hand, management and sales costs as a whole have declined, while the overall rate has decreased by 1.62 pct over the period, with a net profit rate of 23.97 per cent, an increase of 4.07 pct over the previous year, resulting in a significant increase in profitability. In addition, total equity/flow (millions of shares)
Revenues from the epidemic declined in 2020q1 and net profit performance exceeded expectations: corporate constant hydraulic pressure (601,100) increased by $347 million in net profit from downstream engineering and machinery sales.
The net profit continues to grow, mainly from the company ' s combined Māori rate of 37.87 per cent, compared to the three-quarterly report performance rating of constant hydraulic pressure (601,100).
Overall, net profit performance is expected to be higher than the market. Partially slowing down, medium-term upwards performance. 2020q2 industry climate up, fully benefiting from rising domestic demand and import substitution plus
Quick: With the impact of the new crown epidemic and the delay in starting work in the country after Spring Festival, the company’s operations are also affected by a constant hydration (601,100) industry high profile. As the domestic epidemic is under control, demand-stimulating policies, such as infrastructure, have been stepped up.
Looking forward to continued growth in corporate profitability, the start of the excavator sales in March has returned to positive growth, the industry is expected to increase significantly in the second quarter, sales are expected to increase significantly, and we judge that the year-round sales of excavators will still be possible.
About 10% of the growth. In the recent period, companies, as suppliers of core hydraulics, have fully benefited from rising domestic demand and accelerated import substitution, as a result of the outbreak of domestic industry demand and sales, which has been affected by the spread of the epidemic abroad, as well as the strain on the supply of imported parts and components, such as engines and hydraulics.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: we expect the company ' s net profits to rise in 2020-2022 by 2020 q2 industry, full demand for benefits and accelerated import substitution 2020 q2 industry climate, full demand for benefits and accelerated import substitution, respectively
In the financial sector, eight years of work have been done, including Robot Trends. Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production technology, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering machinery and automobiles.
The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2017, is good at bottom-up investment opportunities. The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre and joined the Pacific Securities Association in July 2017.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.