Stereotyping (601,100): tank taps, secure position, hydraulic pump valves, replacement for acceleration, constant hydraulic pressure.
The company is a professional producer of hydraulic components and hydraulic systems Events: the company publishes its annual report for 2019 and its report for the first quarter of 2020, the company for 2019. The main product covers high-pressure tanks, high-pressure column plugs.
Pumps, hydraulic multi-road valves, industrial valves, hydraulic systems, hydraulics achieved operating income of $5.414 billion, an increase of 28.57 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of $1,296 million, test stations and high-precision hydraulic castings.
In the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved business income of $1,369 million, with the same shareholdings finding a cash dividend of $6.00 (including taxes) and a capital pool to increase equity by every 10 shares, an increase of 15.87% over the previous year.
Ten thousand, a 16.29% increase in the same year. The company's dredging tank market is about 51.43%, and the tap is strong. The company sold 16,580,000 non-flagged tanks in 2019, an increase of 18.14%. The previous public department's untagged line was still partially productive by the excavator tank, and we believe that as the dredging tank is not the target.
The output of the tanks is gradually decreasing, and the company’s non-flagged tank sales are expected to be released. The company’s non-flagged tank owners are expected to include the lift-up series, the shield tank and the high-end marine tank, and as domestic counter-cyclical policies move forward, both the company’s excavator tank and the non-flagged tank are expected to continue.
The share of pump valves continues to rise, and domestic alternatives accelerate. The company’s share of small-divide pump valves now exceeds 30%, while the share of medium-sized large-divide pump valves continues to grow, with a large number of dozens of machine models, and a 6-50t-scale turnback to motors, which have been certified for loading and have begun to be used in bulk.
Tons, 20.19% more than the same year. With the full start of casting phase two, the company now has more than 55,000 tons of casting capacity, which, in addition to meeting its internal needs, will explore markets for wind power, high iron, etc. The profitability continues to rise and the impact of the epidemic will be limited.
In 2019, the company’s Māori rate and net interest rates reached 37.77% and 23.98%, respectively, the highest ever. In the first quarter of 2020, the epidemic affected 68,630 domestic excavators, a decline of 8.22%.
However, the company received more limited shocks in the first quarter, increased profitability, Māori rates and net interest rates, not to increase to 37.87% and 25.41%. Hydraulic systems are vastly developed. Hydraulic systems are the core parts of excavators, with a ratio of costs.
At 30%, the total market space for excavator hydraulic systems is estimated to be around $30 billion. According to four hydraulic tanks per hydraulic excavator, two walking motors, one turning motor, one main hydraulic pump, and one hydraulic valve.
With a rate of more than 50%, hydraulic pumps and hydraulic valves at between 20% and 30%, motors are still at a low level, and companies still have plenty of room for growth in the hydraulic material market as certification and supply continue.
Long-tube hydraulic pressure (601,100): tank taps are secure, hydraulic pump valves are national production replacements for accelerated acceleration, the source of financial growth in the East, the sun.
The Chinese People’s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master’s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, mainly following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and mechanics, joined the civil securities in 2016, and the East Hing securities in 2017.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Permanent hydraulic pressure (601,100): The well-established pipeline of the tank, the replacement of hydraulic pump valves by accelerated production, the accuracy and completeness of these information and the absence of any changes in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report on the content objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies