The company published its annual report 2019 and its quarterly report 2020.
For $5.414 billion, an increase of 28.57 per cent over the same period; for a net return profit of $1,296 million, an increase of 54.92 per cent over the same period. In the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved business income of $1,379 million, a decline of 12.74 per cent over the same period.
(i) The demand for the downstream industry has increased significantly, and the oil tank product harvest has increased significantly.
This year, growth in capital investment, equipment replacement and export demand led to an increase in the sale of heavy equipment, such as downstream excavators, with the 25 major facilities listed selling a total of 23,590,000 items of excavators, representing an increase of 15.90 per cent.
Over the long period of opportunity, a total of 484.9 million canisters for excavators were sold, representing an increase of 16.29 per cent in the same year, resulting in sales revenue of 2,188 million yuan, representing an increase of 20.79 per cent in the same year; in addition, companies sold 1,658,000 non-standard tanks for heavy equipment, representing an increase of 18.14 per cent in the same year, and sales revenue of 1,353 million yuan, corresponding to the same increase.
During the first quarter of 2020, as a result of a decline in sales of engineering machinery, corporate revenue fell by 12.74 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but the net profit of the parent grew by 6.42 per cent on a year-on-year basis. The main reason for the decline in income but the net profit growth during the reporting period was the increase in sales of corporate hydraulics pumps and the combined Māori rate.
In the first quarter of this year, the dollar’s exchange rate against the renminbi rebounded sharply, leading to a significant increase in corporate exchange earnings. (ii) Hydraulic technology support increased, and pump valve sales increased significantly.
Of this amount, hydraulic pump valves earned 1,161 million yuan, an increase of 142.62% over the reporting period. Hydraulics successfully developed autonomously and produced a wide range of master pump valves and motors for excavators.
In addition to penetration in the excavator industry, hydraulics have increased their development in the non excavator field, and have started to develop in the research and development industry.
Hydraulic products such as pumps, scale electromagnetic valves. We expect that the pump valves of hydraulic technology will provide a new impetus for the growth of corporate performance. (iii) Focus on R & D inputs, with a steady increase in profitability.
In 2019, the company spent $242 million on R & D, an increase of 40.97%. The company's persistence in innovation drives technological advances in its products, its investment in R & D has remained high for many years, and, with hard R & D and manufacturing teams, it has developed a technology with a multi-product intellectual property right.
Core technologies include high-precision hydraulic casting technology, friction welding technology, thermal treatment technology, high-pressure sealing technology, testing technology and advanced machine-processing technology.
1.50 percentage points; sales cost was 2.06 per cent, a decrease of 0.68 percentage points in the same year; net asset return was 24.32 per cent, an increase of 4.38 percentage points in the same year, and company profitability steadily increased. Also affected by economies of scale and optimized product structure, operating costs grew less than sales revenue, with a combined Māori rate of 37.77 per cent, an increase of 2.19 per cent in the same year.
(iv) Increasing the market share of high-end hydraulic systems and accelerating the process of internationalization
Prominent excavator brands, such as workers; well-known shield brands, such as medium iron engineering, Xiaotong, and Japanese-made ships, are the main clients of shield products, and numerous groups of high-quality customers have established clear pre-eminences for companies, posing stronger entry barriers for potential competitors, and fully safeguarding the company's future potential for steady growth and profitability in the market share of the hydraulic industry.
In the future, the company plans to build on its research and development base for high-precision hydraulic castings, hydraulic components and systems, continuously upgrades the power of the master pump valves and high-end hydraulic systems for excavators, further increasing the market share of products in foreign brand excavators, high-pressure tanks, and accelerating the internationalization process.
We believe that countercyclical regulation will result in a massive release of downstream engineering machinery, and that a dedicated tank of excavators will provide companies with a steady growth; on the other hand, as the hydraulic pump valve products of subsidiary hydraulics are used continuously in host plant packages, the pump demand will fall short of the expected risks, the foreign branding market will not be as high as the expected risks, and the product development will not be as high as the expected risks.
Table 2: Comparison of valuations of listed companies