National cash vouchers Securities Centre for the Study of High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials
1. " Cash flow surges, with the recent increase in emissions projected to yield 5.4 billion yuan in 2019, an increase of 28.6 per cent over the year, and a net return of 1.3 billion yuan to the mother,
Speed up performance - 3-quarterly review of constant hydraulic pressure, with a profit of 350 million yuan increasing by 6.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and a net gain of $310 million not returned to the mother, down 12.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The pump valves and product structure optimized the company’s combined Māori ratio, and its profitability is expected to increase further as the medium- and large-scale pump valves continue to be released. The decline in income in 2020q1 was largely affected by the epidemic, but the net return to the mother continued to grow, with a combination of product gross.
Interest rates increased by 3.1 pct over the same period last year: subsidiary hydraulics pump valves increased by 20.4% on the same basis, with a significant rebound in the dollar against the renminbi, yielding a currency exchange gain of $3.176 million a quarter. The middle-digger pump valves continued to break, and market occupancy rates rose steadily.
Wang Huajun's Māori rate has increased to varying degrees, with the main categories of excavator tanks, non-flagged tanks, hydraulic pumps, benefiting from the continuous downstream industry, selling 485,000 excavators in 2019.
In 2019, sales of non-barrelled cylinders increased by 18.14 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulting in sales revenues of $1.35 billion, an increase of 18.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and revenues of other non-barrelled tanks, such as marine and marine industries and new energy sources, increased by 53 per cent and 114 per cent, respectively, on a year-on-year basis.
(4) Pump valve revenues of $1.16 billion, a significant increase of 143 per cent in the same year. The share of small-divide pump valves in the city is now over 30 per cent, and the share of medium-divide pump valves in the main domestic mainframe has continued to grow. In 2019, the casting firm as a whole earned $454 million, an increase of 31.4 per cent in the same year.
The production capacity of 55,000 tons of foundries, while meeting internal demand, will also be actively expanding the external market. After a slowdown in the season, the company’s output is expected to rise rapidly in the second quarter. The impact of the epidemic has led to the migration of the excavators after the season and the outbreak of downstream demand since late March, with the company’s production of the excavator oil tank.
The company, as a supplier of core hydraulics, continues to benefit from a boost in pump valves/mada imports, with increased profitability under the scale effect. Capital investments are not as high as expected; pump valves are not as high as expected; the cost of raw materials is rising; and exchange rate fluctuations are increasing.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment