Summary of the performance of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre: In 2019, the company earned 5.4 billion yuan (+29 per cent) in operating income and 1.3 billion yuan (+55 per cent) in net return to the mother.
In 2020q1, the company ' s operating income was 1.4 billion yuan (-13 per cent); the parent ' s net profit was 350 million yuan (+6 per cent).
The revenue from the products of the cylinders increased by 18 per cent over the same period; the net profit from the return to the mother was 1.3 billion yuan (+55 per cent). Since the beginning of 2020, the effects of the epidemic, the delay in downstream work, the poor logistics of the industrial chain, the delayed demand for engineering machinery products, and the decline in sales by downstream clients of the department also affected corporate sales. 2020q1, Company
In 2019, the engineering and machinery landscape improved, the industry improved, the corporate product structure optimized, and the Māori ratio increased to 37.8%, compared to +1.2 pp. At the cost end, the company became stronger in internal management, sales rates decreased by 2.2 pp and management costs by 24.0%.
+4.1 pp. 2020q1, although affected by the epidemic, corporate incomes have declined the same year, but affected by product structure, the Māori ratio of corporate products has increased by the same year +3 pp. In addition, due to exchange rate fluctuations, corporate exchange gains have increased significantly, financial costs have increased by the same year -5 pp, combined cost rates have decreased by the same year -3.3 pp, resulting in net corporate interest rates being raised to
The company is a professional company that produces hydraulic elements and hydraulic systems in the country. It was established in 2005 and placed on the market in 2011, with products covering high-pressure tanks and high pressure.
Cylinder pumps, hydraulic multi-road valves, industrial valves, hydraulic systems, hydraulic test stations, high-precision hydraulic castings, etc. Through years of accumulation of research and development, company technology has reached national and internationally advanced levels, products have been sold overseas, and imports have been replaced in some parts of the domestic market, with core clients including Caterpillar, Japanese Steam Steel, Hitachi, etc.
Construction of aircraft, Kubota, Trinity, Xu, Willow, Central Iron Engineering, Iron Heavy Work, etc.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.