♪ Asia china reauters ♪
♪ Bloomberg consumer shh ♪
Food&beverage 2q17resourcesbeatwithstrongsales growth;reiteratingbuy
valuation&risks markyuan 2q17sales/recurringearningswere 11/14% higherthandbforecast
20% yoysalesgrovethand 30% yoy recurringnetprofitgroth.netprofitdeclined 1.6% yoyin2q17duetolower
We've got 14% higherthandborecast, anneling mainlyduestoronterextectedsalesrowth.onasemiannualbasis, sales.
And 23% yoyreresactively.bycategory, sales growthin1h17wasdrivenby:
13% yoy, mainlyattrible monitoring (industryretailsalesup 7.3% yoyin1h17) andyili's increasingmarkshare (uhtmilkinleased 300bpsoyto33.4%)
milkpowerer-grewby 20% yoy, helpedbyasingcompetionon implificationofwregulationsandlowerchannelstocking.icecream-grewby 11% yoy, as opposed to stostronrowthofhofhigh-end
Particular, salesgrothwasdrivenbyhigh-endproducts (i.euht)
Yoghurt, high-endyoghurdhigh-endimf), whichgrewby 31% yoyin 1h17andcurrentlyaccumtsfor40-50%offtotalsales. opmarginexpanded 120bpsto12.2%in2q17, helpby 245bpsexpansionin
I don't know, gpmartuketobetterproduccidandstablizingrawmaterialprice, while partly exfestebyhighera and pexpenseratio.
Wethinkthissismainlyduetatothreasons. firstly, consumerstaplesector generalsawdemanedcoveryfrog2q17, helpbyrecoveringinfrastructure
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, and then I'm going to do it, and then I'm going to do it, and then I'm going to do it, and then I'm going to do it, and then I'm going to do it, and then I'm going to do it, and then I'm going to do it, and then I'm going to do it, and then I'm going to do it, and then I'm going to do it, and then I'm going to do it, and then I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and then, price/book (x)
I'm sorry, yili's strongdistritionnetworkandbrandinginh-endproductsmakesitwell netinterestcover(x) positioned inothercovery.weblievethesereassoouldcontinuetodrive
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know, reiteratingbuy highhersalesgrovethrivenbyindustryrecoveryveryandyli'sproductmixupgrade.deutschebankag/hongkong
I don't know what you're talking about.
By 13% trb24.8basedonadfapproach, factoringina 9.5% wcc (3.9% rfr, 5.6% erp, 1.0%beta, debt-freestructure) and 2% terminal growth.wereiterateeyaliasourtoppickamongularashaverage.downside
imitation. importantdiscussions
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got the information, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that, but you're not going to be able to do that.
I'm sorry, hold failed suspending
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
04/03/1916, Targetpricechangecny 18, 40 markyuan 04/06/2017
I'm sorry, Targetpricechangecny 22, 00 markyuan equityratingkey equityratatingdispersionandbankingrelationships.
Q: Basedonacurrent12-monthviewoftalshare-holdr return (tsr=percentagechangeinshareprircurent pricetoprojectedtargatepricepluspro-jecteddivividendied)
If you're going to have to do it, you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Ifyouusetheservicesofdeutschebanconnectionwith apurchaseorsaleofasesuritythisdiscussedinthisithreport, orisincludortissedinother company (oralorwritten) fromadeutschebankanalyst, deutschebankmay activesprincipalforitsownacountorasengfororanootherson.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
In this case, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, but I'm not going to do it.
I don't know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, there's a lot more to it than there is to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to have to do this for a long time.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure you're gonna be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to do that, and I'm not going to do that.
The deutschebankresearchpartmentionistofthebusinessareasdivisionsofthebank.detailsregarding ourorganizationalarrangementsandinformation
I'd like to thank you for your help, macroeconomic development softenasormostophostosociated with exposurestoinstrumentsthatpromise topayfixedorvariableinterestrates.foraninvestor whohoislongfixedratestratures (thatreceiving thesecashlows), incorporatedinterestratesnaturallyft thediscountfundfundorsapplied to theextecuted cashflowsandtuscausealos.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(including changesinstalenttypesovenvestors), changesintaxpolicies, currenceconvertivity (whochmayconstraincurencyconversion, repatriationofprofetsand/ortheliquidationofpositions)
Tomacroeconomicshocksmaybemitigationby indexing thecontracted cashflowation, to specied interestrates–thesearecommoniumglingmarkets.itismportanttonotehattheindexingsmayy by consultation - lagormis-measuretheactualmoveintheunderingvariablestheyareintendtedttrack.thechoiceofthe
I.e., couponsindexed to atypicallyshort-dated interestraterferenceindex)reexchedforfixedcoupons.itissoimportanttoacknolleddge thatfindinacurrencertiffersfromthecurrenceinwhochcouponsarenamedalisfrisk.naturally,
It's not like I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it.
Including theirtaxposition, theirregulatoryenvironmentandthetureofthetropotherassetsandliabilities, andassuch, investors shouldtakeexperteglegalandfinciandracidvicevesforesteringintoanytransactionssimilartoorororinpiledby the contentsofthispublication.thesislosinfuturestradatingoptions,forignordommestic,canbesubstantial.asa
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it.
Nomerousmarketfactors, includingworldandnationalconomic, politicalandregulatoryevents, eventsquityand debtmarketsandchangesininterestrates; and (ii)currencesmaybesubjecttovalactionorizationimposed exchangeconstrolswhochcoulldaffect the Valueoftheturrence.investsinsecuriuschasads, WHOvaluesareresa
Affectioned by thecurrenceofanunderingsecurity, emergencyassemmecurrencerisk. unlessoverlaw providesotherwise, alltransactions shouldbeexecuted through thedeutschebankencyintheinvestor's'somejurisdiction.
I don't know, gm.db.com/equitiesunder the "discussionslookup" and "legal" tabs. investorsareslonglyensourcedviewviewthis information information. deutschebankag, itsbranchesandafiliatedcompanies)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Whoarecapableofevaluentinvestmentmentrissindipendently, bothingenalandwithregardtoparticulartranctions and investmentstments, andhounderstadthatdeutschebankhasfincianinterestsintheofferofofionofofictproducts and services.ifthisnothecase, orifyouareaniraorororotherretalinvestivedirectdirectifromus, weask
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
India: preparedbydeutschequiesindiapvtldd, whichisregistered by the securities andexchagboardofodia (sebi) asstockbroker.researchanalystsebirebiregistration nümberishin0001741.deiplhamayaverevevevedadmedministrative warningsfromthesebiborbreasofindianregulations.
(dsi) .registral-registersafinancial instrumentsdealerbytheheadofthekantocalfinancebureau (kinsho) No. 117.memberofassociations: jsda, type iifinacianlinstrumentsfirmsassociationandthefinancialfuturesassassociationofjapan.commmissionsandrissksinvolved
I don't know what you're talking about.
Foreignexhangeflactations. Wemaysochargecommissionsandfeesforcentataincategoriesofinvendmentadvices, productsandservices.recommendations, productsandservicescarrytheiskoflosestoprincipal and otherlossesasolsultochangesinmarketketand/oreconomictrends, and/orflactationsinmarketvalue.before
"Mody's", "standard&poor's", and "fitch"mentedIporteroreot registereddirectionagencesjapanlessjapanesjapanor" nippon"iscipatedstatestatenameoftheity.
I don't know, reportsonjapaneselisted companynotwrittenanalystsofsiarewrittenbydeutschebankgroup'sanalysts here with the coveragecompaniespefiedbydsi.somoftheforignsecuritiesstatedthistrarenorotdiscordered to the financialinstrumentsandhangelawofjafjapan.targetpricetbydeutschebank'sequityanalysarebed
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Numberinsouthafrica: 1998/003298/10). Singapore: bydeutschebankag, singaporebrandeurdeutschecuritiesassiaalimited, singaporebranch (oneraffles quay#18-00southowersingapore048583, +65642380001), whichmaybecontactedinspectofanymattersarising
From, orinconnectionwith, thisreport.whoethissuiedorpromulgaedinsingaporetoapersonwhoisnotan accreditevendor, expertinvestorinstitutioninvestor (asdefininedintheapplicablesingaporelawsandregradations), theycceptlegalresponsiabilitytosuchpersonsforentscontents.
I'd like to thank you for your help, my friend, for your help, for your help, and for your help, for your help, for your help, and for your help.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I don't know what you're doing, but I don't know what you're doing, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Qatar: deutschebankingtheqatarfintilcióncentre (registeredno.00032) isregulatedbytheqatarfinalcentre regulatoriathority.deutschebankag-qfbranchmayonlyundertakethefinncialservicesactivitiesthatfallfallwithin the scopeofofofralicense.principalplacementofbusinessofof:qatarinancialcentre, tower, west
I'm sorry, level5, pobox 14928, doha, qatar.thisformation hasbeendistributed bydeutschebankag.related financial productsorservicesreonlyabletobusinesscustomstomsoms, asdefinedbytheqatarnationalcentregradority.
Russia: thisinformation, internationalandopinionssubmittedhereinarenotinthecontentof, anddonotconstitute, anyappraisalevarealactionrequiringalidenseotherussifidesfederation. kingdomofsaudiarabia: deutschecuriceaudialarallccompany, (registerno.07073-37)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Australia: retailclientsshouuldobtaoproducestatestatement(pds)relatingtoanyfinalproduce referredtointhisreportandconsidertheptsforenanydecisionofheshertoacquiretheproduce.pleaseresearch-information.html
Australiaandnewzealand: this isresearchchisintendonlyfor "wholesaleclients" in the meaningoftheaustralian coorporationsactivandnewzealandfinanciardvisorsactively.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, my friend, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, Michael Spencer headofapacresearch globalchiefoperating officer.
♪ Headofamericasresearch grobalheadofeconomics research ♪
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
♪ daveclark pamfinelli globalheadof ♪
Headofema headofapac globalheaf
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Globalheadofquantitative headofresearch-germany and qisresearch
Internationalations deutschebankag deutschebankag
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'd like to thank you for your help, Mr. Filialehonggong 2-11-1 nagatacho InternationalCommercecentre.
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do it again, but I don't think I'm going to be able to do it again.
1 austinroadwest, kowloon, germany longkong
I'm sorry, but I don't know what to do.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.