Erie shares (600887.sh)
In the semi-annual report of Ily in 2017, the net profit from the non-retroactivity of the mother was $3.12 billion, an increase of 22.31 per cent, corresponding to a profit of $0.55 per share.
In 17h1, net profit on non-repatriation was higher than expected. 17q2 net profit on income/repatriation increased by 17.7 billion and high growth in core operations. Imports of domestic liquid milk fell by 18.6 per cent as a result of the global rise in the price of original milk. In the second half of the year, liquid milk, cold drink products and milk powder grew at a higher rate, respectively.
Today, gold crowns, ceremonials, rare sales earnings increased by 31 per cent over the same year. 17h1 net profit gain of $269 million and government subsidy of $560 million. 17h1 did not have more than two investment returns and government subsidy fell to $354 million, resulting in a 63 per cent decline in non-recurrent gains and losses.
The dairy industry has recovered, and the dairy industry has continued to recover as international milk prices have stabilized and milk powder registration has advanced.
Industry’s malignant marketing and price wars are expected to ease. According to the Kaydo study, the market penetration rate of the regular liquid milk products of company 2017h1 is 78.5%, up 1.3% from the previous year, and the industry’s leadership is becoming entrenched, and we firmly value the company’s long-term competitiveness.
Elie shares pb-band, who works in agro-forestry and pastoral fisheries analysis at the Institute of Human Security, was a member of the fifth team in the crystal ball industry in 2012, who was good at managing the industry cycle, researching dozens of listed companies in the field, and good at digging investment values.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.