Lei Xiaojune (600887.sh) net profit of 2017h1 increased by 5 per cent over the same period, net gain of 22.3 per cent after deduction, and market share continued to increase
The rise in milk prices may put some pressure on the Māori rate, but in the long run, the company is a domestic dairy leader, brands and channels have clear brand and channel advantages, and there are expectations of future restructuring, and the current stock price corresponds to the double impact of the fall in production in the milk-producing and rising demand in the main importing countries and the production of imported raw materials.
Cost rises, with the Māori rate of 38.55 per cent in the first half of the year, a slight decrease of 0.74 percentage points in the same year, net profits of the Division of $1.63 billion, a decrease of 2 per cent in the same year. 20 Māori increased by almost 3 percentage points to 39.1 per cent in the same year, but due to higher cost rates during the same period and the impact of last year ' s non-recurring gains and losses
The net profit fell the same year. After the deduction (mainly 40% of the equity gains from the transfer of good livestock in the same period in 2016, with a one-time gain of 200 million dollars), the net return to the mother was 1.5 billion yuan, an increase of 28.5 per cent over the same period. In the first half of the year, the company achieved 26.490 billion yuan in liquid milk, an increase of 12.7 per cent over the same period.
The growth of milk powders and dairy products has resumed on a low base, and the overall business income has slowed down the demand for dairy products in the context of the slowdown in the domestic dairy industry as a whole. International prices for original milk have been affected by a slight reduction in supply in the home country.
Prices rose slightly in the first half of 2017. This year ' s trend was similar to that of 2016, with the average price of raw milk in the main dairy province of the country on August 22, 3.41 yuan per kilogram, an increase of 0.3%. Overall, we maintain the original milk price in 2017.
The average price is likely to be higher than it was in 2016, and the cost of dairy companies will increase, but as a leading firm, brands and channels, performance is expected to continue to run. As a domestic dairy giant, Eli has a significant advantage.
On 16 June of that year, the market penetration rate for the company ' s regular liquid milk was 78.5%, an increase of 1.3 percentage points over the same year, and the market penetration capacity of the product is increasing year by year. Nelson zero research data show that in the first half of the year, the company ' s milk formula for infants and young children increased by the same 35.9%.
Looking ahead, the company will benefit from the introduction of the baby milk formula, which has already acquired 21 formulas (and the first in the Monx industry), and the unlicensed small brands and milk powder plants will be cleared out of the market. Second, Monx has been growing at a slower pace than Ely in recent years, and Eli is expected to continue to expand.
So, while short-term corporate performance has been contained by rising costs to Māori rates and the impact of increased competition in the market has been rising, the likelihood of a sustained expansion of Ely’s advantage in the long run is also increasing. Third, Eli’s expectations for future restructuring and acquisition are still growing in the long term.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.