Overall acceleration of revenue + structural ups/downs, with year-round performance of Mahobo event: Ily shares released mid-2017, and 1h17 companies realized business income of $33.302 billion.
+11.28 per cent of the year; net profit on maternity is 3,364 million yuan, +475 per cent of the year; net profit on non-payment is 3,119 million yuan, Zhou Xiao Xuan Zhang Woo-gwang
20%! 1) Structural upgrading + channel sinking, 1h17th registered +7% in the liquid milk industry, of which Eli + 13% in the leading industry. The growth in the Ili milk is due to: higher consumption and higher demand for high-end products, in the form of mature products such as gold fairs, Ammush, light, gold crowns, etc.
A high growth of nearly 30% was achieved; on the other hand, new products received about 7% of the revenue in the first half of the year. Second, the downfall of the channels became apparent, with high-end and low-end products rising at full speed.
These include a 30% and 70% rate of increase in the town of the Grand Monument, Ammush, which is the main source of increase. 2) Milk powder income + 19.9% is driven mainly by the high growth of mother-and-child channels (+36%). Milk powders, with 21 formulations with a clear first-hand advantage, are expected to accelerate growth of 2h17 milk powders. 3) 1h17 is cold.
A 62 per cent drop in the same year in the gold stream, mainly due to an increase in accounts receivable by 74 per cent as a result of the increase in loans for both direct and electricity dealers; an increase in advance payments by 74 per cent as a result of the increase in packages; and a decrease in advance payments, an increase in factor payments to distributors and customers, and an increase in central bank deposits by financial companies are also important factors.
In sum, benefiting from the growth of liquid milk and the recovery of milk powder, the company is expected to maintain 10 per cent of its annual income for a significant increase in non-profits, with a positive year-round performance trend. 1h17 deductibles + 22 per cent, 2q deductibles + 28.6 per cent, supermarket expectations. 1) benefiting from stabilization of original milk costs + product structure upgrades, 2q gross
Prices fall by 2q and cost-side pressures are reduced; while structural upgrading trends continue, it is estimated that Māori will drop by 0.7 pct, management costs will drop by 1.3 pct, and sales costs will increase by 2.6 pct for a single 2q, mainly due to higher freight costs and higher marketing costs for new products. High revenue growth will result in higher cost rates throughout the year.
Natural decline, overall cost rate constant! 3) 1h16 government fiscal subsidies + sales + livestock, resulting in 400-500 million non-recurrent gains and gains up the base, resulting in 1h17 net profit increases for mothers only 1.Eli shares: data on liquid milk continue in June
As a matter of fact, the milk powder has recovered into the best part of the dollar, maintaining the "buy-in" rating.
Recovering, high-end rise + cost drop, 2q collects Le Wu Witness Chart 2: Eli 2q net profit per year + 28.6%, significant increase
Figure 6: A steady decline in administrative cost rates Figure 5: A slight increase in advertising input determined down the sales cost rate
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board