The three-quarter trend is robust, with the launch of a strategic acquisition proposal for MacGall Australia: Eli ' s share of the domestic market (in a strong buy-in list) has continued to grow, with its constant warm milk market in July-August.
With the steady growth of the industry during this period (an increase of 6-7% over the same period) and strong demand for the national and mid-autumn holidays, we expect strong growth in the sales of Eli 14% in the third quarter of 2017 and 32% growth in operating profits (three-quarter performances will be announced by the end of October).
A proposal was submitted for a non-binding strategic development program that plans to acquire Australia’s largest dairy company, Mai Gao, to produce a large number of dairy products, such as warm milk, cheese, etc., and to have German brands. We believe that Eli’s acquisition of MacGau is consistent with his intention to become a global dairy leader and sell it around 2020.
If the acquisition is successful, Eli could potentially benefit from: 1) low-cost milk sources: companies can lock in better but cheap milk sources (3.6 million tons of original milk, 50% less) without having to build their own plants (Eli currently has a plant in New Zealand); 2)
End-of-side market expansion: MacGau’s current brand of warm milk and powdered milk coincides well with Eli’s goal of expanding the market share of high-end products. At the same time, Elli is able to access new product markets, such as cheese, with a mature brand.
According to MacGau's 2017 annual report, the company's net loss of $370.1 million ($1.9 billion) is a drag on its raw milk business, reflecting the accelerated growth in the sale of the company's formula and the decline in administrative costs. We will build on that in 2018.
Advertisement promotion expenditures and price returns are higher than expected, competition results in lower than expected sales of liquid milk, and M&A trade products are strongly purchased in Asia and the Pacific for list information, see the information disclosure appendix, or contact your investment representative.
Ili shares (600887.s) Ili shares: summary financial data, persons contributing to this report
Liao Yiu Hao, cfa Ili shares (600887.ss) will increase sales at double-digit speed in the third quarter, with 32 per cent growth in operating profits.
26 September 2017 Ily shares (600887.ss)
On 21 September, Eli confirmed that the company had submitted a non-binding proposal for a strategic development programme to MacGau, but did not disclose that it was a listed cooperative dairy company in Australia (mgc.ax), with three major sections of dairy products, raw materials, and nutrients and other operations, and had several processing plants in Australia and China.
According to media reports, under the existing cooperative structure, any transaction may require the potential benefit of 90% of the high-quality, low-cost milk sources working with Michael: about 3.6 million tons of milk currently purchased in Australia. This is with Eli.
About 4 million tons of annual purchases are equal. However, given the lower cost structure, Australia’s milk purchases cost more than Iraq to expand the market share of high-end dairy products: in China, the market for high-end milk is the fastest growing category, and now Eli’s share in this sub-market is 22%.
Note: yilify17isgse, endingdec-2017, mgfy17endsinjun-2017. Global operations: about 40% of MacGau overseas operations are exported to individual countries.
Figure 12: Asia is Mexico’s most important export destination
Financial year 2016 exports were broken down by destination, totalexportvolume 338,159tonnes, Chinese market and McGoll: in China, the market for adult milk powder grew at the lower end of a single digit over the past three years. In 2017, the German market share was in the German market.
3.3%, as a result of strong growth in sales from online and cross-border channels. Eli shares (600887.ss) personally, Liao Yu Hao, cfa, hereby state that all views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the said company or its securities. Moreover, no part of my salary has been, will not be, and will not be, reconciled.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using several methods combined to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area of research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital rates of return and net asset rates of return. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation rates, such as market rates, dividends rates of return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates based on a 12-month history.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of a company being acquired. Then we rate companies by one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming M & As (30-50%), two of which represents a medium probability (15-30%), and three of which represents a lower probability (0%-50%).
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gsssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to be successful vis-à-vis their global counterparts in the long term, with excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risks to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
Liao Yinghua, cfa: a share of media, a share of consumer durables, a share of food drinks, a share of consumer durables: Greco appliances, boss appliances, American conglomerates, Qingdao Haile, Sofia, a share of food drinks: Guai Goon, Yoji River shares, Mantai, Kyongzhou cellar, Qingqingqing wine, Shanxi wine, Qingdao beer (a), five grain fluids.
(a) Media: Aufi Entertainment, Light Media, Wireless, Huaichana, Blue Cursor, South-central Media, Media Division, voivodeship shares, Hwa Soo brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Orient Pearl, Entertainment Technology, Wanda Films, Hua Xuexia Films.
No specific information has been disclosed on the following companies: Ely shares (rmb25.80), corporate ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive or sell a rating and has an active rating (i.e., shares that are not suspended, temporarily rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating.
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a list of strong regional purchases or sales, which is suspended at the level of overall potential returns (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.