The industry's warming has led to an explosion in its flagship performance, with the semi-annual review of 2017, three or four lines of urban consumption rising, and a slight out-of-market increase of 2q.
\triangleright, according to Nelson Zero, retail sales of liquid milk on three or four lines in urban and rural areas increased by almost 9% over the same period the previous year, up from 7.3% in the country.
Focused products are active, Māori rates continue to rise, and priority products are growing at a higher rate and are driving up performance in the first half of the year.
The sales revenue from the product series "Access" and "Small" has increased by almost 31% over the same period the previous year. While this pressure has been higher in the first half of the year, with the rising share of high-end products, companies have maintained a trend towards a higher Māori rate, with 2q Māori having increased by 2.6 pct and an increase by 1 pct over the same period last year. The cost of 2q has increased slightly, to 22.83%.
In absolute terms, channel capacity is still the firm's strongest competitive advantage, and the caddy research data show that, as of 16 June 2017, the market penetration of the company's regular liquid milk was 78.5 per cent, compared to the previous year.
In addition, Nelson zero research data show that during the reporting period, the amount of infant and child formula powder retailed through mother and child channels increased by 35.9% over the same period the previous year.
We believe that the upgrading of consumption in three or four cities is sustainable, and that Eli's long-term growth is more certain. We expect that research assistant, Monszür, will be able to make a real difference.
The company's financial statement data projections are summarized.
Chen Baidu, Master of Technology and Economics, Beijing Transport University, 2012 Convergence Democratic Securities Institute, engaged in light-working and listed company research. Menzzu, Bachelor of Science in Economics, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, and Fbba, Yangjiang Business School, joined in 2016 for food and beverage research.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.