We've recently researched Eli's shares and confirmed the trend towards reheating liquid milk consumption, especially in three or four cities, where it is growing faster than in one or two cities. We believe that rising consumption in three or four cities is sustainable.
As a leading company in the dairy industry, Eli’s shares are expected to continue to benefit.
According to a survey conducted by a professional body, the liquid milk industry recovered from the second half of the year to 7% in the first half of the year, showing strong growth. Last year was a low-growth year for liquid milk consumption, with only a 1% increase in liquid milk consumption in the first half of the year, returning to 3% in the second half of the year, and 2.7% in the last year.
The annual growth in liquid milk consumption has been driven mainly by three-to-four-line cities, where it has grown faster than one-to-two-line urban growth. According to a study by Kaido, by the end of 2016, Ili had 342,000 direct-controlled village sites, about two times higher than the previous one.
Good channel layout, which is expected to continue to benefit from a three-to-four-line upswing in consumption. Compared to a 300-by-cent trend, market shares have risen steadily, and the vanguard advantage has emerged.
The company adjusted its marketing strategy in the second half of last year, moving from cutting marketing costs to actively promoting sales, and continuing to strengthen the market. The effects of the first half of the year became apparent, and the market share continued to rise. According to Nelson, the company’s share in the warm and liquid milk market continued to rise from the beginning of 2016 to May 17, with a low-temperature liquid milk market.
In the first half of 2017, the company’s combined competitive advantage continued to work, and we believe that the company’s revenue-end growth is expected to be higher than the industry’s growth rate. Focused products kept growing at a high rate, and new products performed well.
Big monoliths will be an important potential for future corporate development. According to our grass-roots research, the company’s priority products continue to grow at a high rate. Ammush’s sales revenue in 2016 amounted to 7 billion dollars, and we expect the product to grow in the first half of the year, and the new products are likely to be sold this year in a billion-dollar range.
We think that three or four cities have a sustainable rise in consumption, and that Eli's long-term growth is more certain. We expect the research assistant, Monsso, to have a significant increase in net profits and a large room for organic milk growth.
2. The depth of the food and beverage industry: a round-thirteen party for all, rating: steady growth in performance, high-powered organic milk company financial statement projections
Chen Baidu, Master of Technology and Economics, Beijing Transport University, 2012 Allied Democratic Securities Institute, engaged in light-working and publicly listed company research. Menzzu, Bachelor of Science in Economics, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, and Fbba, Yangjiang Business School, joined in 2016 to study food products and beverages.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,