The Southwest Securities Research and Development Center is still in the future when the growth hormone poles are right.
• Recommended logic: 1) The growth hormone patient base exceeds 5 million and the penetration rate is low, followed by a good pattern of competition, where companies have a strong edge in terms of product, marketing and brand power, and are expected to continue to grow rapidly over the long term; 3) Reorganization of second-line varieties for ovarians, nasal influenza vaccine, etc.
The growth hormone market is vast, with high growth certainty. The domestic growth hormone market reached 6 billion yuan in 2019, with a large applicable population base and a low penetration rate, and is expected to increase as penetration rates and patients rise.
It is clear that having three types of powder, water, and long-activities, with a large variety of agents and a significant brand advantage, is expected to give priority to industrial growth dividends. The company’s ability to sell is strong, while it is actively marketed to the grass-roots market and further opens up markets, and we expect that the company’s growth hormones will continue to grow at a rapid rate over the long term.
The rapid growth of 100 grams of biological performance and the release of nasal flu are expected. The rapid increase in the mass issuance of 2020q1 to 3 hundred grams of biopox vaccine has led to a high rate of 100 grams of bioperformance and is expected to maintain a steady growth of 10% in the future. The new product of nasal inflammation vaccine is the country’s first live dose of nasal inflammation vaccine.
With easy access, easy mass immunization, and significant differential advantages, more than 1.5 million have now been issued, and it is expected that the nasal flu vaccine will be more than 1 billion varieties, contributing significantly to the company’s performance. The company’s now-owned 100-grams-in-the-market launch will help to create a corporate long-term incentive, while at the same time helping to create a company’s long-term efficiency incentive.
As a company’s traditional business, the real estate and middle medicine business has been operating smoothly, and it has been growing steadily in the first three quarters of 2020, and I am expected to continue to contribute to steady cash flow.
Profit predictions and investment proposals. Grow hormone markets are wide, companies are leading growth hormones, products are competitive, sales are strong, and the company's second-line varieties are beginning to grow in size and perform in the future.
1. Long Spring High New (000661): Introduction of sulfuric acid sulfon, and further enrichment of assisted reproductive product lines (2020-11-18)
Sustained release of core products (2020-10-27) Long Spring High and New (000661), with steady growth in the gold race and expected high growth throughout the year (2020-04-22)
1. Low growth hormone penetration of the company’s core products, wide market space, and the current pattern of competition are expected to be sustained over the long term. The public sector, as a leader in the industry, has a significant agent-type advantage, a strong marketing power, a strong brand name, and a clear pre-emptive advantage. Reorganizing ovarian hormones is a good competitive pattern, and it is hoped that imports will be replaced quickly. The gold-challenging pharmaceutical industry is expected to earn revenues in 2020, 2021 and 2022.
2. A steady growth in the issuance of vaccines for chicken pox, an increase in the performance of the nasal flu vaccine, is expected to occur in 2020 in 100 grams of organisms, and the market believes that high and high springs rely too heavily on single varieties of growth hormones, with a long-term growth dynamic. We believe that growth hormones are currently less permeable, market space is wide, competitive patterns are expected to be sustained over the long term, and companies, as industry leaders, have a pre-eminent advantage.
The company now has a large number of new products, the restructuring is pushing ovarians into the release phase, the nasal flu vaccine is beginning to contribute to the growth of its performance, and the second-line species are expected to contribute further to the growth hormone sales, which are faster than expected: the sales of nasal influenza vaccine are higher than expected.
The growth hormone market is wide-ranging, with companies leading in the field of growth hormones, high product competitiveness, high marketing capacity, a long spring and new: a long-term, robust growth growth hormone leader, 1.1 a growth hormone leader, opening a new chapter in development.
The Changchun New Technologies Industries Ltd., a company based on genetic engineering pharmaceuticals, vaccines, Chinese medicine and real estate development, was founded in 1993 and was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 18 December 1996. 1998 when it launched growth hormone powders, 2005 launched growth hormone water needles, 2006 established 100-gram biology, advance vaccine industry.
In 2015, the company introduced long-acting growth hormones, followed by a re-organizer in the gold-spill industry, which enriched the company’s biopharmaceutical product line. In 2019, the company acquired the rights of minority shareholders in the gold-spill industry, streamlined its regulatory mechanisms, and opened a new chapter in its development.
The real control of the company is the State Finance Committee of the Changchun Xin District, the controlling shareholders are invested in the Changchun Xin and the second largest shareholder of the company holds 11.5 per cent of the company’s shares.
1.2 Performance has grown steadily and profitability has continued to rise briefly, but income and profits have increased and negative impacts have been eliminated as a result of the company’s initiative to adjust and establish new marketing mechanisms. From 2009 to 2019, corporate operating income grew from RMB 1.02 billion to RMB 7.37 billion, with a compound increase of 21.8 per cent.
Billion yuan, an increase of 17.6% in the same year, a net return of 2.26 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 82.2% in the same year, and a larger increase in the net return in the same year, mainly related to the company’s acquisition of minority shareholders’ rights in the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry. The company’s Māori rate, net interest rate as a whole, has remained high.
The rise in rates and net interest rates is mainly related to the rise in the ratio of biopharmaceuticals to the company’s greater profitability. The downward trend. Overall, cost controls are better over the company’s lifetime. 100 grams of bio-income increased from 14% in 2012 to 16.8% in the first three quarters of 2020; the Chinese medicine industry and high new real estate.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the share of income was 6.6 per cent and 9.8 per cent, respectively, showing a declining trend.2 The gold-challenging pharmaceutical industry: a vast growth hormone space driving long-term corporate growth, as a new core subsidiary, the gold-challenging pharmaceutical industry was established in 1996 and has developed to date as a Chinese genetic engineering drug.
In 1998, the company first introduced the first human growth hormone pollinator in the country to break the import monopoly pattern and then weigh the product. The first human growth hormone water needle in the Asia-Pacific region to be marketed in 2005 and the first global long-acting recombinant hormone to be marketed in 2014.
Between 2012 and 2019, the gold-track pharmaceutical industry grew from $730 million to a good performance in the first three quarters, with operating revenues and net profits of $4.25 billion and $2 billion, respectively, an increase of 16.4% and 33%, respectively. Overall, the gold-track pharmaceutical industry has grown in abundance, size, and net profits faster.
The distribution of the products of the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry covers four broad categories, including child growth, assisted reproduction, burns treatment and digestive treatment, with core categories of growth hormone product series for children growing up, reorganised human ovarian hormones for assisted reproduction being also 2.1 growth hormones in a wide range and driving long-term corporate growth.
2.1.1 Low growth hormone permeability, wide range of long-term development growth hormones (humangrowthhormone, hgh) are a pyrophoric hormone of the prefabrication of human cerebral pituitary, consisting of 191 amino acids that promote bone, internal and whole body growth ... promote protein synthesis, affecting fat and minerals.
Metabolism, which plays a key role in human growth and development, is currently the most important drug for the treatment of dwarfism. Shortness is the two standard deviations (-2sd, standard line sd) in the height of children below the same sex, age, average height of children of the same race, and growth rates below 5 centimetres per year, and lack of growth hormones is considered to be the leading factor in the incidence of dwarfism.
Figure 10: Developmental history of growth hormones More resistant and susceptible to viral contamination by the donor • Genetically restructured human growth hormones (polymers) developed with e.coli cover technology to reduce the risk of the virus. But extraction process
Complex, pollution-prone, antibody production rate 64%, low purity, low activity. Growth hormones synthesized using e.coli genetic expression techniques, but protein structures are different from human pituitary growth hormones and antibody production rates remain high, and extraction processes are complex and polluting.
• The growth hormones of mammalian cell recombinant dna synthesis are closer to the natural growth hormone structure, but the growth of cells is expected to be high, low-receivable and readily accessible to animal-origin viral contamination, as well as to contribute to the growth of the tumors due to the contamination of the breeding drug. • The growth hormones of the glycerine secretion gene expression technique, its amino acid content, sequence and protein structure and humans.
The lunar growth hormones are fully consistent, biological activity, efficiency, and absorption are extremely high, low-cost, and have increased safety, effectiveness, and stability. Products already account for 95% of the world’s market share.
Five large pharmaceutical companies, Pfizer, Reilly, Merk and Rhodes, account for more than 90 per cent of the market, with Nord and Nord accounting for the highest share, reaching 43 per cent in 2019, followed by Pfizer, Reilly, Merk and Rhodes.
The agent type dominates the current market, and the long-acting type is later on the market and is still growing rapidly. The water and long-acting agent type compares significantly with the powder-type advantage in terms of stability, bioactivity and safety, and the long-acting type reduces the frequency of injections to one week, with patients becoming more dependent.
Taking into account the actual situation, we measure the amount of the growth hormone drug, assuming that the average weight of the growth hormone user is 35 kg, that the patient uses the drug for a full year, that the needles and water needles are injected once a day, that they are injected once a week, and that the cost of the annual theoretical use of the growth hormones can be obtained from different agents, but because of the higher frequency of the growth hormone injections, the patient is actually using them.
In the process, the actual amount of the drug used was lower than the amount of the theoretical drug used because of a variety of factors, and according to the results of our grass-roots research, the average annual cost of the powder type is about 20,000 yuan per person, the average annual cost of the water type is about 55,000 yuan per person and the average annual cost of the long-acting type is about 150,000 yuan. Overall, the price of the needles and needles is relatively low and is within the reach of the average household.
The price of the long-acting agent type is relatively high, and market penetration is relatively difficult. Currently, the incidence of short-deficiency disorders among children is about 3 per cent, the best age group in which growth hormone treatments are considered to be used by recombinant persons is 4-15 years, with a total of about 1,242 million people in 2000, with an estimated 18 per cent of the population aged 4-15 years, based on a 3 per cent prevalence rate.
The number of children suffering from dwarfism is about 6.7 million. According to the causes of dwarfism, 33% of them are stunted by growth hormone deficiency, 20% by special dwarfness, the highest two causes, and the other family members are also relatively small, physically stunted and turner syndromes. 80% of the patients can be born by birth.
Long hormone treatment, which is expected to reach 5.36 million people in the country in 2000, shows that, according to data from sample hospitals, a ratio of the annual sale of needles, water needles and long-activities was available, with 38 per cent in 2019, 61 per cent in water needles, 1 per cent in long-acting sales and 20 million yuan per person per year.
Aqueous needle types dominate the current market, and long-acting ones are future trends. From the agent-type perspective, the market shares of the sample hospital sales in 2019 were 38 per cent, 61 per cent and 1 per cent, respectively, and the needles were listed earlier, but were gradually replaced by the later marketed water pins for a variety of reasons, including safety, ease of use, etc.
The long-acting agent type was listed only in 2014, but the market share was relatively low because of higher prices. In terms of competitive patterns, the long hormone competition pattern has been relatively good, domestic firms have dominated the market, foreign firms have a very low market share, and the market share of the gold racing pharmaceutical industry was 74% in 2019, followed by Ankobi and Shanghai Union.
Long-activities are a major trend in the development of biopharmaceuticals. Long-activities are currently used internationally, including polyethanolization, microballization, integration of proteins and construction of mutations. Long-activities are mainly polyethanolization, integration of proteins, and construction of mutations. In view of growth hormones, long-activities will also be a major direction for the future.
Only two of the long-lived growth hormones that have been listed in the range are the gold-track pharmaceutical industry, the Korean lglifesciences industry, which has been listed earlier, has more long-acting growth hormones currently under study, and our companies have an ancology, as well as an astrobiotic and extrapestial organisms, which use polyethylene ethanol and fc-integrated protein technology.
At the international level, long-acting growth hormones were listed earlier, with nutropondepot being the world’s first listed long-acting growth hormone, developed by Genentech, and nutropondepot using plga slow-release microball technology, with significant relief, which was approved for listing in 1999, but then retired four years later as a result of local pain injection. The other product is:
Declage, declage, developed by Korea ' s lg, uses transparent acid technology, which was listed in Korea in 2007, followed by three rounds of clinical work in the EU and the United States, but not in the market. Enterprises currently studying internationally, such as Pfizer Pharmaceuticals, Ascendis, and Nord and Nord, also have different long-acting techniques, and are now generally in clinical/clinic stages, and are expected to be progressively phased in the future.
Listed. Based on the clinical effects of parent growth hormones, which are now disclosed, the overall differences are small, and it is expected that competition in the long-growth hormone market will become more intense as a result of the subsequent listing of a number of products.
Using non-n-end modifier as the main modifier, a single modifier for the reorganisation of human growth hormones using 40kdy branch polyethylene (ypeg) molecules is now in the clinical stage of the trial phase. eftansomatropin (Itam growth hormone): Astrobiotics have obtained Itan growth hormones from Genexine
In the interests of development, production and commercialization in China, the Itan growth hormone is a long-acting reorganization of human sources growth hormones designed using the Korea Genexine innovative hybrid fc integration protein technology platform (hyfc map), which has been integrated into the hyfc technology, so that the whole protein structure is flexible and eliminates the adcc and cdc effect.
Somatrogon:somatrogon was developed by Pfizer in collaboration with Opko, who is responsible for somarogon's bed development, registration and commercialization, and pgko for clinical phase studies. Somatrogon uses Ogko.
Add to the end of the growth hormone a new molecular entity made up of long-acting (ctp) long-acting technologies, with a copy of the growth hormone n from a human, ctp-high saliva modifier that can increase the molecular weight of the molecule as a whole, thus achieving the extension of the growth hormone somarogon through the first three sessions of the genotropin head-to-head clinic, the main end of which is the evaluation of somatrogon per week.
One injection programme with the treatment burden of the genotropin daily, assessed by the difference in the mean total body disturbance points per 12 weeks after the treatment plan, and 12 weeks after the treatment, the weekly somatrogon treatment improved the average total life disturbance points (8.63) compared to the one per day of genotropin treatment (24.13 points), with the difference in treatment being:
-15.49. Significant improvement in the patient ' s treatment burden and, in terms of key secondary endpoint indicators, significant improvement in the overall treatment benefits for Somatrogon patients. Somatrogon is now in the declaration phase. Transcongh:transcongh is a long-term use of the technology of the Ascendis platform.
In retrofitting, the essence of Transcon technology is still peg-modified, i.e., by cutting a linker, reorganizing the growth hormone molecules to the transconcarrier (mpeg of 40 kda molecules) and packaged, when the whole molecule enters a specific ph-value and temperature environment, the linker is cut and the growth hormones are released.
Transconhgh has completed the first three stages of clinical treatment with Pfizer's genotropin head-to-head. At 52 weeks, the annual incarnation rate (ahv in centimetres/year) was 11.2 centimetres/year, the rate was 10.3 centimetres/year, the rate was better than the rate of genotropin/year, and the rate of transconhgh is now in the Nda stage in the United States, its adult adult population.
The lack of adaptive growth hormones is also in clinical stage III. Somavaratan: somavaratan was developed by the versartis company of the United States, using the latent recombinant polythyrin (xten), which is the addition of two amino acid chains (a long tail-916aas) to the recombinant growth hormones.
And a short tail -141a) which reduces renal filtering, short tails reduce receptor-guided removal, integrates the xten part with protein drugs, and further optimizes the potency of the drug molecules by increasing molecular weights, using its low viscosity, low immunogenity, etc.
Somavaratan began the first three sessions of the first round of clinical work with the Genotropin head-to-head in Pfizer in 2015, and research and development was suspended in 2017 due to the failure of the three beds to reach the main endpoints, and further research and development has not yet taken place.
Somapacitan: Somapacitan, developed by Noor and Nord, uses long-activation techniques such as amino acid side modifier, transmutation of 101-bits of human growth hormones to semi-cranium amino acid, expression of protein in the form of coliform, and subsequent chemical coupling of protein-combined components between the end of the molecule and the side of the semi-caysine acid chain to the growth hormone mutant protein.
Somapacitan is now in clinical stage III. Figure 18: Somapacitan structure
2.1.3 The competitive nature of the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry, which is expected to sustain its rapid growth over the long term, and the long-acting model, which has become a new growth point. In terms of competitive patterns, the powder-based plants have now upgraded their products by introducing water and long-acting products in 2014 and are currently the only ones in the country.
The company with three types of long-acting agents, the second company with a water pin type, was Ancobi, which was listed in 2019, was listed much later than in the Kinsey pharmaceutical industry, and the Nord and Nord water agent type was listed in 2015, but has not been marketed in the country. In the long-acting type, the Kimsai pharmaceutical industry is the only company with long-acting growth hormones from Ancobi, which has just completed three stages of clinical treatment, and currently its own.
His company's long-acting growth hormones are still clinically active. Overall, the growth hormones in the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry have a significant advantage over the agent type, while the company's pre-emptive advantage and long-term market development have brought the company the only growth hormone hidden needles in the country, significantly increasing patient stickyness.
The first growth hormone inoculation pen, the use of electronic injection pens in combination with water needles, the great use of hidden electron pens, the simplification of injection procedures, the improvement of children's dependence, the reduction of fear, and the higher accuracy of electronic injection pens than other syringes, which can be adapted to individual doses, compared to the fact that other enterprises rely on multi-programming water and powder needles.
In order to meet patients’ demands, the hidden electron pens have significantly increased the stickyness of patients, and the sales of water needles have played a significant role. Figure 19: Injection pens in competition, sales are growing, and there is still much room for development at the grass-roots level. Companies are more capable of selling, and companies as a whole are selling.
Most of the staff are responsible for the sale of growth hormones, the largest growing hormone sales team in the country, and companies are now sinking their sales channels, and there is still much room for grass-roots markets to boost the sale of growth hormones. 2.2 Reorganizing human-promoting ovarian hormones is expected to become a new growth point.
Pulse ovarian hormones (fsh) is an important ancillary reproductive drug, a hormone of the alkaline cell secretion in the protuitary locomotive, consisting of sugar proteins, which is mainly used to promote the maturity of the egg bubbles for women who do not ovulate and who are not treated with cygnosol. Pulse ovarians consist mainly of recombinant human ovarian (rh-fsh) and urea (ufsh), and ulfsh.
In 1997, Merk Shelano and Ocanon were listed in the market for reorganizing human ovarian hormones, which were rapidly mainstreamed in the market because of better purity and ovulation. Reorganizing human ovarians is better than urea ovarians in terms of bioactivity, purity, technical techniques, and patient acceptance.
Reorganizing humans abroad has largely replaced urinated ovarians. The domestic market for ovarians is larger. From 2012 to 2019, sample hospital sales of ovarians rose from 550 million yuan to 1.05 billion yuan annually, with a compound annual growth rate of about 9.8%, with ovarian final sales expected to exceed $3 billion. In 2019, the reorganizing market for ovarians increased from 750 million yuan to urine.
The market share for ovarians was 300 million yuan, or 71.8 per cent and 28.2 per cent respectively.
Injection recombinant ovarian hormones in the pharmaceutical industry. The ovarian products in the pharmaceutical industry, although introduced late in 2015, were the only national reorganizer ovarian ovarian hormones. From 2012 to 2019, Merk’s Gunafen held a major share of the market and remained stable overall, with 55.4% in 2019; and Ocanon’s 55.4%.
The market share of Plycan has shown a downward trend, with a market share of 5.6 per cent in 2019; the market share of the Leather Group has remained relatively stable with a market share of 30.8 per cent in 2019, based on price advantages; and the market share of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, which has been listed late, has grown at a higher rate, with a market share of 8.2 per cent in 2019, and future company restructuring is expected to continue on the basis of ovarians.
At present, there are more enterprises in the country that are promoting ovarian products, of which lg/Hang County is at the stage of declaration, Chiru pharmaceuticals, Koningerer, Zerets/Sembs are in clinical ii, and it will take some time for them to be on the market.
The current good market competition for ovarians is expected to be maintained, and the gold-spill industry is expected to continue to capture its share of the market during the window period. 300 grams of organisms: nose-spraying influenza is expected to be a new growth point.
The company is the third vaccine breed. The company as a whole is strong in research and development, and is now moving faster with herpes vaccine in its products, and is in the clinical stage of clinical research. In August 2020, Changchun Koshien submitted to the Shanghai Stock Exchange a listing application to split 100-gram bio-to-tech panels, which is expected to increase funding capacity and accelerate research projects.
(a) 100 grams of biological performance has been steadily growing, with the company experiencing a significant increase in income as a result of a low turnover in 2017;
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved revenues of $1.08 billion, a 51 per cent increase in the same quarter, a net profit of $330 million, an 81.9 per cent increase in the same year, and a rapid increase in the issuance of vaccines for the company ' s chicken pox in the first three quarters of 2020, while at the same time, the company ' s nose-snap flu was on the market, bringing together its performance into an accelerated growth phase.
The national influenza vaccine is divided into two major categories, namely, fission vaccine and detoxification vaccine, consisting mainly of four-priced influenza virus fission vaccine, triple-price influenza virus fission vaccine, and detoxification vaccine, mainly of nasal flu.
Live vaccines. In 2016 and 2018, the Shandong vaccine incident and the LMO outbreak had a significant impact on batch issuances, and in 2019, batch issuances rose gradually, with a total of 41.7 million vaccines issued in January-October 2020, an increase of 54 per cent over the previous year, which is expected to be nearly 10 years higher.
According to the competitive pattern, before 2017, only three-priced influenza vaccine was on the market, entering 2018, and four-priced influenza vaccine was issued for both L.L. and L.A., respectively, but all L.A. and L.A. were subsequently stopped due to vaccine events, and only one of them produced four-priced influenza, entering 2019, and the four-priced influenza vaccine for J.K. was put on the market, followed by Changchun and C.K.
Price flu has also been approved, supply has increased rapidly, and now four-price flu is fast replacing triple flu, with a 50% bulk issuance of influenza for January-October 2020. The company obtained exclusive authorization from Biodiem in 2012 to produce and sell a frozen dry nose flu vaccine in China, and has been authorized to do so.
More years of research and development, the company's frozen dry nose infested influenza vaccine was produced in February 2020. The nostril influenza vaccine is given with nostril spray, which has the advantage of simulated natural infections, induces local and antibodies, cellular immune responses and more sustained protective effects, and uses nasal spray.
At present, there are no other companies that have developed a vaccine for nominal inflammation, which is expected to maintain a better pattern in the long run.
The Flumist vaccine, which is now on the market overseas, was developed for Aslicon in 2003, with the first three prices, and then in 2012, with the four-priced Flumistquadrivalent in the United States, and in 2013 in the European Union.
In 2014, flumistquadrivalent sales peaked at $300 million. Then, in five studies over the period 2013-2016, it was shown that the effects of a nasal spraying vaccine on influenza A (h1n1) were lower than a shot-free vaccine in all children ' s age groups, and the researchers collected a list of laiv4 or iiv vaccines.
Influenza cases, out of 17,173 patients aged 2-17, 4579 received iiv, and 1979 received laiv4,10615 unvaccinated. Research found that the iiv vaccine was 67% effective for influenza A (h1n1) and 20% effective for vaccine Laiv4 and significantly more likely to be infected with influenza A (h1n1), but that the two influenza vaccines were higher for patients affected by laiv4
The results of the study directly led to the exclusion of Fluistquadrivalent from the recommended list of cdc, aap and acip, as well as to the fast-tracking of Fluistquadrivalent sales starting in 2016.
In addition to the United States, where fluists are now on the market in many parts of Europe, Canada, Japan, and Hong Kong, sales are rising steadily, reaching $113 million in 2019.
In August 2020, 100-gram organisms started issuing 458 thousand in August and 1,188,000 in September. Assuming that the total annual issuance of influenza is maintained at 50 million and 10% of the city, the peak is 5 million, with a price of $298 per month for a nasal influenza vaccine and sales.
The peak is expected to reach 1.5 billion yuan. 3.2 Pepsi vaccine: batch issuances are expected to continue to grow steadily.
Children, clinically, are characterized by heat and a series of skin and mucous membranes with impregnated red rashes, herpes, herpes, and herpes, which are transmitted to the heart, mainly in the chest, stomach, and back areas. Pepsi vaccine is the only means of preventing the infection of pox, not only to prevent it, but also to prevent herpes from being pelvic.
Since 2007, there has been a steady increase in the issuance of vaccines for chicken pox in the country, reaching 18.6 million in 2015 and 2,243 million in January-October 2016 as a result of the disease in Shandong, an increase of 42% from the previous year.
The provincial and municipal governments have begun to promote two needle injections of pox vaccine, which is expected to be an important trend in the future, and the size of the market for pox vaccine is still much larger. In terms of competition patterns, 100 grams of biology, Shanghai Institute, and Changchun Ken have the first share of the market, in January-October 2020.
One hundred-gram batches of 6.83 million, or 30%, were issued, representing an increase of 21% in the same year; seven hundred-nine thousand, or 32%, were issued in Shanghai; and 470,000, or 2%, were honoured in Shanghai, an increase of 47% in the same year.
The volume of bulk issuances has risen rapidly, reaching 7.16 million in 2019, an increase of 10.02 per cent in the same year, and 6.83 million in January-October 2020, an increase of 21.4 per cent in the same year, and it is expected that with the spread of the two-pin approach and the continued expansion of overseas markets, the company will be able to sustain steady growth and contribute a steady profit to the company.
rabies are a common disease caused by rabies virus (rabiesvirus, rabv), which transmits mainly vectors, animals, which are usually infected by diseased bites, clinically manifested as a specific fear of water, fear of wind, abstinence, convulsions, etc.
The number of deaths due to rabies is close to 100%, the World Health Organization estimates that 59,000 rabies die every year worldwide, that there are currently no effective medications and methods for treating rabies, and that vaccinations are the only means of controlling rabies. Since 2011, the annual issuance of rabies vaccine has varied considerably, with rabies vaccine having been approved since 2017.
The volume of rabies vaccine has declined, from 58.47 million in 2019 to 11 per cent in 2019 compared to the same period last year, mainly due to the effects of life-bearing biological events and increased industry regulation. In January-October 2020, 61.14 million rabies were issued, an increase of 36 per cent over the previous year.
The market for rabies has a large variety of rabies, which can be divided into two-fold cells, vero cells, moles depending on the use of cellular matrices.
The distribution of canine vaccines was 4 per cent. rabies vaccine (vero cells) of the 100-gram bio-substantiated rabies (Vero cells) was issued on 22 November 2006 with a certificate of new human rabies vaccine (Vero cells) and a drug registration batch, with a rapid increase in batch issuances in 2016-2018 and in 2018.
The company has been upgrading its production equipment since six months, while upgrading and optimizing the production process of existing products. No approvals were issued in 2019 and 2020. The company ' s rabies vaccine is expected to resume production in 2021, while the company ' s future upgrades are expected to result in rapid progress in the development of rabies vaccine for the frozen dry agent type and the double humans.
Figure 36 : Distribution of rabies vaccine for the Meifone biorabies 3.4 herpe vaccine: advanced development and promising to be first on the market
Skin disease. The first infection of the phoenix-trapped herpe virus was a pox. After the pox, some of the unexposed viruses lurched in the nervous arteries of the feeling that when immunity is low, the virus will relive, i.e., herpes with low fever, discomfort, pain in the area of the rash, abnormality, acute onset periods with rash and pain, water on the surface of one side of the skin, red.
In 2006, zostavax from Mossathon and Shiningrix from GlaxoSk, and in 2017 shengrix came to the market, based on better clinical data, the United States of America built cdc.
With the use of the shingrix vaccine and the recommendation that those who had received the zostavax vaccine in the past should be vaccinated against the shingrix vaccine, the market share of zostavax was quickly seized by the shingrix market, reaching £1.8 billion in 2019, and is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future.
My domestic market did not have a vaccine for herpes with herpes until 2019, when the Greenshaw Schingrix company was approved for the prevention of herpes with adults aged 50 and over at a cost of approximately $1,600/approach, for a total of two doses at a relatively high cost. According to the progress of research and development in domestic enterprises, 100 grams of organisms are currently in 111 stages of clinical progress, the fastest progress being made in Shanghai.
In the early stages of clinical intervention, other clinical clearances, such as long spring prayer organisms, Shanghai IEDs, etc., are relatively late, and companies are expected to take the lead in placing herpe vaccine on the market, contributing to a certain increase in performance.4 New high property: real estate platforms are expected to continue to contribute to stabilizing cash flows
High and new real estate is the company's wholly-owned subsidiary that has been providing stable cash flows to companies as a platform for their real estate operations, with revenues of $630 million in 2020q1-3, an increase of 0.5 per cent in the same year; net profits of $120 million, a decrease of 5.2 per cent in the same year; and high and new property is expected to continue to grow steadily and contribute to steady cash flows for the company.
The Chinese pharmaceutical industry is expected to maintain a steady growth of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry.
The products are divided into three categories: cardiovascular, Chinese anti-inflammation and gynaecology, with central vascular drugs being the core products, including hysteria, hysterectomy and coronary pulmonary; Chinese anti-inflammants, including silver flower rinses, nephritis, inflammation tablets, inflammation tablets, potassium-acid granules, etc.; women ' s and children ' s products, including sterilized particles, deca-dense vanilla capsules; and companies.
From 2012 to 2019, the company’s overall performance remained steady, but in 2018 it experienced a slight decline in revenue and net profits, as a result of the tightening of the pharmaceutical industry’s control policy. The increase in revenues and profits affected by the epidemic slowed down in the first three quarters of 2020.
Revenue of $420 million, a decrease of 2.3 per cent in the same year, and net profit of $400 million, a 15.4 per cent increase in the same year, are now committed to strengthening the workforce, innovative marketing models, internationalization routes, further integration of marketing systems, improved marketing network layout, and the creation of three product lines: Chinese anti-inflammation, cardiovascular, and gynaecology, as well as the promotion of second-line pediatric sterils.
For example, the industry is expected to grow rapidly and steadily. 1) The company’s core product has low growth hormone penetration, a wide market space, and the current pattern of competition is expected to be sustained over the long term.
There is a good pattern of competition, and it is hoped that imports will be replaced quickly. The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry is expected to maintain a steady growth in the issuance of vaccines for chicken pox in 2020, 2021 and 2022.2 The nasal flu vaccine is expected to produce an increase in performance, with 100 grams of organisms expected to be 53 times, 42 times and 35 times, respectively, in 2020.
Table 11: fcff valuation results, we've selected the most closely related to Changchun's new business in the industry, my martial arts, Ji Fei Bien, Quantuan Pharmacy, Kanli Pharmacology, Transmitting Dongbao, Anko Biology 6 companies, 57 times the average in 2020 and 2021.
The growth hormone market is 44 times larger. The company is a leading growth hormone business, with strong product competitiveness and sales capacity 1) market competition increases the risk: the number of current growth hormone water pin and long-acting competitors is increasing, and the company core products are at increased risk of market competition;
2) Research products are not as fast as expected: there are currently many products under study, and research and development products are not as fast as expected to pose a certain risk to the company ' s operation and development; 3) Industrial policy risks: the country ' s medical reform is deepening, policies are being introduced more frequently, and the company ' s core products are facing a certain risk.
4) Industry risks of black swans: The vaccine industry has had many black swans incidents, which could have had a greater impact on the company’s vaccine business if there were another bad event. No one has ever received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, for not having done so, or for not having done so, or for having received any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.