The growth hormones, the nose-spray vaccine, the future growth period, the long springs, the depth report, Wei Hongmei.
In 2016-2019, the market share of the gold market, which is the only home-grown recombinant ovary hormones plant, increased rapidly. In 2016-2019, cagr sales from the gold-supplier ovarian sample hospital were 90.70%, and the infertility rate and overall 2-child policy were about 15.20%.
The 100-gram biovaccine has been growing steadily, and the new product, the Nose Influenza vaccine, has emerged. The 100-gram biopoxin vaccine has been in the forefront of the industry and has remained stable in recent years. In the first three quarters of 2020, the 100-gram biopoxin vaccine was 32.05 per cent of the country ' s total, and the city is back to the top.
Roe(ttm) Nostril Influenza survival vaccine was sold since August 2020, with a December maximum price as of the end of October
156.69 million bottles, with a market share of about 4%, and a market size of about $470 million. At the same time, no domestic enterprise is involved in the development of a nasal flu vaccine, and 100 grams of organisms are expected to remain uniquely competitive.
The company’s operating income and net profits have been rising steadily in recent years. In 2019, after the company’s operating income and minority shareholders’ rights, the gold industry increased its contribution to the company’s profits.
The company is actively promoting growth hormones for its core product, new adaptives, rapid growth of the market share of ovarians, the market space for nasal inflammation vaccines, the huge, stacking of herpe vaccinations and the elite marketing team, the company's future.
The current valuation is reasonable, maintaining a “recommended” rating for companies. Clinical progress is not as high as expected; the risk of downward adjustment of pharmaceutical prices due to changes in industrial policy; and the risk of error in market space measurements.
1. The historical development of the company as a domestic growth hormone leader, 1.1, was gradually transformed from a capital to a biopharmaceutical operation since 1996, when the company was listed at a close.
On 18 December 1996, the company’s shares were listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, one of the first listed companies in the north-east. The company was founded with infrastructure development in the high and new areas, and gradually transformed.