Coal-based industry leading industry with significant cost advantages Nixiabaofengenergygroup (600989.ch): leaving entry the primarytoolefindustry & significantcost
"Advantages, Charleszhuang, July 20th, 2025."
The company describes the new coal-based materials as industry-wide leading companies Polyfin: links to a wide range of downstream products, significant profit margins on coal routes.
Coal-based new materials lead the entire industry, and coal-based new materials lead the entire industry. With the concept of “resource conservation, environment-friendly” green and sustainable development, the company has developed a collection of “coal selection”
The new high-end coal-based material recycling industry cluster of coal-rich, methanol, aromatic hydrocarbons, fine-chemistry, new energy sources, which replaces the production of high-end chemical products with coal, adapts to the national resource endowment for coal-rich, oil-poor and gas-efficient coal resources, promotes efficient conversion and clean and efficient use of coal resources, establishes industry green low-carbon development poles, and contributes positively to national energy security. These include: 1, coal-based hydrocarbons, i.e., production of methanol for coal-based, kerosene gas-based, and production of polyethylene for methanol-based materials.
, polypropylene, eva, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
• The company's largest shareholder is the Party Yingbao. As of July 2025, the party Yingbao held 7.53% of the company's shares directly, indirectly controlled 35.65% of the company's shares through the Bo Fung Group, indirectly controlled 27.27% of the company's shares through Ei Ying International, and together controlled 70.45% of the company's total stock, the company's final controlling party.
Since its establishment, the company has been guided in its primary business development based on coal selection, with modern coal-chemicals at its core. • Companies have been actively pursuing innovation-driven development strategies, promoting science, technology, innovation and management as one, continuously improving technology management systems, green manufacturing management systems, intellectual property management systems, and investing in technology management and innovation development.
Project 112 on technology clearance and applications of new technologies, 24 on safety, environmental protection, energy efficiency, etc., resolving a number of technical difficulties affecting the stability of production operations and the efficiency of installation operations; the establishment of the Technology Research Centre for the Efficient and Clean Use of Coal in the Ningxia Autonomous Region, which was approved by the Scientific and Technical Agency of the Ningxia Autonomous Region, to accelerate the pace of innovation by companies in areas such as clean coal use and the development of high-end chemicals; and the successful declaration of one Autonomous Region ' s priority research and development guide and three Ningdong bases to support scientific research projects
In 2020-2024, corporate R & D costs rose from $100 million to $756 million, representing an increase in income from 0.63 per cent to 2.29 per cent.
The company describes the new coal-based materials as industry-wide leading companies Polyfin: links to a wide range of downstream products, significant profit margins on coal routes.
The company ' s coal-based acetylene has a cost advantage: polyethylene (pe) is the most productive generic polyvinyl acetylene material, an important high molecular material, and an important raw material for a variety of downstream products. According to the Chinese-Chinese Information Network, polyvinylene material is an important high point in the development of modern societies.
Sub-materials, mainly polyethylene, acetylene, butylene and α-vinylene. Common polyvinyl hydrocarbons are polyethylene (pe), polypropene (pp), ethylene acetylene condensate (eva), polyvinylene elastics (poe), ethylene-vinylene condensate (ooh), poly-butylene (pb-1), etc. • polyethylene (pe) is the most productive variety in generic polyvinyl hydrocarbons and is widely used in agriculture, industry, packaging and daily industry.
The raw materials ranged from coal, oil, gas, ethane, etc.; polyethylene was used fairly widely in China, with the highest proportion of membrane, which consumes about 58% of polyethylene. Moreover, plastics, wire cables, medium-empty products, etc., all accounted for a large proportion of their consumption structure and played a significant role in the plastics industry.
According to polypropylene, polypropylene is one of the five common synthetic resins, usually semi-transparent, non-ferrous and non-toxic. Polypropene products are superior to other synthetic resins in terms of heat resistance, corrosion resistance, transparency, and are widely used in the production of daily products such as packaging, fibres, automobiles, household electricity, and industrial products.
Oil-based hydrocarbons are still the main production route for domestic polyolefins — according to the output structure, oil-based hydrocarbons are still the main production route for domestic polyolefins; in polyethylene, oil-based production is 62 per cent, light hydrocarbons 19 per cent and coal or methanol 19 per cent; and in polypropylene, oil-based production is 53 per cent, propane 24 per cent and coal or methanol 23 per cent.
Figure: China ' s polyethylene production structure (by feedstock) 2024 Figure: China ' s polypropene production structure (by feedstock) 2024
Oil-based polyolefins are on the edge of profit and loss due to high global oil prices. According to Wind data, the price of polyolefins increased far less than crude oil, higher oil prices, and higher oil-based polyethylenes.
For example, oil-based polyethylene (PVC) lost a profit of $95 ~489 per ton for the month. The price increase for polyvinyl hydrocarbons is far less than for crude oil. According to Wind and Treasure Information data, international crude oil prices increased by about 39 per cent in 2022 and beyond, while prices for polyethylene and polypropene fell by 14 per cent and 2 per cent, respectively, compared to the base, so we believe that the price of polyvinyl hydrocarbons is weak relative to crude oil prices.
Oscillation is one of the major reasons for the loss of oil-based routes. Figure: Changes in the relative prices of crude oil, polyethylene and polypropylene. Figure: Crude oil price trends (in US dollars/barrells)
Domestic coal prices have continued to decline, coal polyethylene prices have increased, coal prices have declined, and coal polyethylene prices have increased. According to Wind data, for example, their prices fell by 32.43% between 2022 and 2024, from an average price of 1280 to 2024 to an average price of 865 ton in 2022; the price differential for coal has gradually increased as coal prices have fallen.
By May 31, 2025, China had a monthly stock of 320 million tons of coal, an increase of 33.3 per cent over the same period, with a significant profit advantage for coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons, and a more optimistic outlook for profit on light routes in the United States. According to the record of activities of satellite chemical investors, the price of ethane has been returning since 2024.
In addition to the limited capacity of the U.S. export facilities for ethane, the expectation is that the supply of ethane in the United States will be higher than demand, and that the price increase will be insufficient and likely to remain low over a longer period of time. • Coal, ethylene polyethylene, with significant profit advantages, with an average profit in 2024 of $1219 per tonne and $1217 per tonne higher than the oil-based polyethylene in 2024.
In 2024, it was calculated that the average profits for coal polyethylene were RMB 1562/ton, for oil polyethylene 343/ton, and for ethylene by RMB 1560/ton. In 2024, the average costs for coal polyethylene were RMB 6625/ton, 1378/ton less than for oil polyethylene; for ethylene polyethylene by RMB 6627/ton, 1376/ton less than for oil polyethylene.
The coal process is the only profit route for pp. The production of polypropylene has three main routes, and our polypropene production is based on the oil route. According to the Treasure Energy 2023, our polypropene production capacity is also oily polypropylene.
In 2024, the polypropene industry continued to suffer from a loss on all routes except coal. According to Treasure Information, as of 15 July 2025, the gross profits of coal, oil and mto-vinylene were 1232.5, 153.25 and 145 ton respectively, respectively, compared to +20.2 per cent, 55.6 per cent and -78.8 per cent respectively, as of 14 July 2025.
Figure: Figure of profit trends by route (m/tonne) Prices of polypropenes are more than polyethylenes and prices of polypropenes are more than polyethylenes.
The price of oil, according to the Treasure Information subscriber, influences the price of the pp from the cost end, while when oil prices rise, the cost side is pressured, profit space is compressed, producers are less motivated, avoiding the risk of doing business by reducing the load rate of installation start-up. By contrast, we believe that the rate of start-up of polyethylene devices is roughly 80-90%, with little room for changes in oil prices, making the price of polyethylene less relevant to oil prices.
Figure: Price-related factors for polyvinylene and polypropenes and crude oil
A total of 36 pdh (mixed hydrogen dehydration) devices had been installed by the end of 2023, with a total capacity of 184.45 million tonnes, equalizing with the traditional process steam break-up. With the release of new pdh production capacity from the Ningbot plastic, the pdh process was the first in the acrylic process in 2024. The build-up of 900,000 pdh units to be built in the Mangang fossilization process, as well as the commissioning of the pdh device from the Fujiang Satellite Energy Co. Ltd., which led to a gradual overflow of the competitive market for acylene.
The pdh process is under considerable pressure.
The price of propane has risen considerably since 2020 and the price of propane has remained essentially unchanged. According to our calculations, the price of propane has been running at a much higher level than it has been in the last decade; the price of propane has risen significantly compared to the price at the beginning of 2020, while the price of propane has remained low. According to the big data, the consumption of propane in 2024, according to the company, the entire chain of coal-based new materials leads the industry.
Polyolefins: Links to a variety of downstream products, significant profit margins on coal routes Continued production of polyolefins, supply-demand mismatches expected to improve with downstream demand Cost advantages for coal-based hydrocarbons
Traditional petrochemical companies account for a larger share of the production of broths – China's oil and China's petrochemical industries account for more than 40% of the production capacity of polyolefins. According to the Federation, oil production was ranked first in 2023 by type of production distribution, with 1.2 million tons more than in 2022, with 22.21% more than in 2022, followed by China's petrochemicals, with 20.69% more than in 20.69%, and again for local enterprises and joint ventures.
Companies and coal (methanol) enterprises have a low concentration of polypropylene. In 2023, China ' s petrochemical polypropene production accounted for 25.4 per cent of total capacity; China ' s oil for 11.5 per cent of total capacity; and other enterprises accounted for 63.1 per cent of total capacity.
Figure: China ' s polyethylene production structure in 2023. New production of polyolefins in China is slower than expected, demand is lower than expected. New production of polyolefins in China is slower than expected and demand is lower.
According to China ' s chemical industry website, China ' s new production capacity in 2024 was 5.155 million tons, with China adding 3.4 million tons, or 66 per cent; and China adding 3.75 million tons, or 71 per cent, to its new global production capacity of 5.28 million tons. In 2024, the domestic supply of and demand for polyolefins continued the trend of expansion, but the longer supply progress was slower than expected, with demand falling slightly in comparison with the previous year. According to the gold production statistics, by late 2024, domestic production of polyethylenes was 78 million tons, or more than in the previous year.
At the end of the previous year, there was an increase of 7.15 million tons, or 10.1 per cent, including 34.31 million tons of polyethylene production, an increase of 3.4 million tons, or 11.0 per cent, compared with the end of the previous year, with additional capacity concentrated in four quarters of the releases, with new projects with larger production capacity including 1.3 million tons of hulong petrochemicals, 900,000 tons of petrochemicals, etc., and 43.69 million tons of polypropene production, an increase of 37.5 million tons, an increase of 9.4 per cent, and new projects with larger production capacity include 900,000 tons in gold energy technology and 600,000 tons in middleview petrochemicals.
It is still oil-based, and the poor profitability of the oil-based hydrocarbons has resulted in delays in the start-up of new projects compared with the planned start-up. Pe starts lower than the previous year, pp starts higher than the same year, p starts 3.34 percentage points lower than the same year in 2024, and annual overhaul losses have increased significantly.
78.39%, or a decline of 3.34 percentage points in the same year. According to the same year, the damage in 2024 was significantly higher than in 2023, especially the loss of hdpe repairs by 71% on the same date. Specifically, the market in April-July was in a low-demand season, with the production business doing most of the economical parking in order to control the cost. In October, after the end of the season, the company entered a new round of repairs, and the damage in October and November was still higher in the year.
74.73 per cent, a decrease of 8.72 percentage points from the beginning of the year, compared with 0.77 percentage points. According to the public, polypropene production grew at a high rate of 13 per cent between 2020 and 2024, with cagr. In terms of production, the price of raw materials has risen significantly since the geo-situation conflict in 2022, polypropene cost pressures have highlighted, profits have fallen, polypropene mono-product profits have become normal, and the supply end continues to be released, leading to polypropene production.
In June 2025, the monthly rate of start-up was 79.54 per cent, an increase of 4.41 percentage points compared to the previous year, a decrease of 1.28 percentage points from the beginning of the year. Data from the annual report on energy abundance show a steady increase in national production of polyethylene and polypropylene in 2018-2023. According to the public, production of polyethylene in 2024 amounted to 2797 million tons, an increase of 2.4 per cent, and production of polypropene in 2024 amounted to 34.47 million tons, an increase of 6.6 per cent.
Figure: China ' s polypropylene production and the same rate of increase in 2018-2024 Average imports of polyvinylene and polypropene from 2018-2024 to 1494 and 4.06 million tons per year, respectively. National imports of polyethylene from 2018 to 2024 averaged 1,494 tons per year, and exports an average of 520,000 tons per year.
National polyethylene imports averaged 1494 million tonnes/year in 2018-2024 and 820,000 tonnes/year in 2024. At the same time, national polyethylene imports averaged 4.06 million tonnes/year in 2018-2024, and exports averaged 1.05 million tonnes/year in 2018-2024. According to the annual wealth energy report, the extension of the oil-enhanced micro-energy survey and crowd data, national imports of polypropene averaged 4.06 million tonnes/year in 2018-2024, and exports of polypropene increased significantly in 2024 to 2.41 million tonnes/year.
At the same time, the national import of polypropylene rose from 3.28 million tons in 2018 to 4.8 million tons in 2021, and fell annually in 2022-2024. National imports of polypropene amounted to 3.67 million tons in 2024, a decrease of 10.8 per cent in the same year.
Globalprosperity polyethylene imports show a downward trend, polypropylene imports remain low, polyvinylene imports are low, polypropylene imports are low and polypropene imports are stable.
In 2024, polyethylene imports amounted to 33.79%, a decrease of 13.78 percentage points from 47.57% in 2018, and there is an overall upward trend in the self-sufficiency rate of polyethylene domestic production. 2018- • Policy end-of-effect support for high-end polyolefin import substitution is expected to continue to increase. According to the China Economic Intelligence Network, the “145” Development Guide for the Chemical and New Materials Industry, published by the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation in 2021, proposes to combat a number of “crystal” technologies that address critical needs, such as the development of high-carbon alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons, polyvinyl hydrocarbons elasticity.
To increase the domestic production capacity of high-end polyolefin plastics, such as pooe and polyolefins, the goal is to increase the self-sufficiency rate to 70% by 2025. We expect that the domestic self-sufficiency rate of polyolefins will continue to increase over time under favourable policy conditions.
National PVC consumption declined in 2021 in the same year in 2018-2024, while PVC consumption increased. National PVC and PVC consumption increased in 2024 to 4094 million tonnes, 35.73 million tonnes, an increase of 2.60% and 1.66% respectively from 2023. Combined PVC consumption data for 2018-2024, PVC and PVC figures: China PVC consumption and the same rate of increase in 2018-2024
Figure: China ' s PVC consumption and the same rate of increase, 2018-2024. China ' s PVC downstream demand rebounded in the first half of 2025, and China ' s PVC downstream demand rebounded in the first half of 2025. According to the PVC, PVC production reached more than 16 million tonnes in January-June 2025, up 17.04% from the same year.
Downstream demand recovery, such as membrane and consumer goods, followed by an increase in supply end-of-side, domestic resource absorption and export growth-led, figure: China ' s downstream consumption structure of polyethylene in 2024 New demand elasticity in the polypropylene market in the first half of 2025
In the first half of 2025, there was insufficient elasticity of new demand in the market for polypropylene. According to Ingenuity, in the first half of 2025, a total of 3.05 million tons of additional domestic product was produced, with a corresponding increase in demand elasticity in the field of silicone consumption.
The company describes the new coal-based materials as industry-wide leading companies Polyfin: links to a wide range of downstream products, significant profit margins on coal routes.
The company has a cost advantage. The company owns a complete coal-chemical recycling economic chain. The first company in the coal-efficient industry is the coal-industrial industry leading the industry and has a complete coal-chemical-cycle economic chain.
Coal is selected on the basis of a modern coal industry centred on the technical routes of coal, coke, gas, gas, gas, oil, electricity-rich cogeneration, which achieves the separation, gradation, and full utilization of coal resources, forming a more complete chain of industry for the coal-chemical cycle, a typical demonstration of the coal-guided cycle economy. The current company-cycle economy has a chain of industry that encompasses the chain of industry for concentrated products, the chain of industry for the production of hydrocarbons, and the chain of industry for the fine-tuning of the industry.
According to the coal information network, Bo Fong energy continued to contribute to the upgrading of technology equipment and digging in 2023.
According to the list of energy efficiency “runners” in 2023, the abundance of energy is ranked first in the coal industry. The total energy consumption per product is 2234 kg of coal/tonne, while the coal-based hydrocarbon unit is controlled within 1.15 tons of standard coal, and the salbutane ratio is 2.87 tons. According to the company's list of energy efficiency “runners” in 2023, the abundance of energy is ranked first in the coal-based industry. The unit energy consumption is 2234 kgce/t, the second-highest in the energy sector (2601 kgce/t).
) The DETCO project has been identified by the Ministry of Industry and Informationization as an energy efficiency “runner” in the coal-based industry, and the Bo Hyo energy industry has won the title “Autonomous Region Water Conservation Stick Enterprise.” Table: Energy Conservation and Reduction Measures for the Bounty Energy 2021-2024.
The company ' s upstream and downstream production units are closely linked, with 30 per cent savings in investment costs and about 30 per cent operating costs lower than its peers. According to the semi-annual report of Bo Fong Energy in 2024, the company ' s upstream and downstream production units are closely linked, resulting in a significant reduction in the cost of investment in single-sized projects, investment in public support facilities and finance, with investment cost savings of more than 30 per cent compared to the same scale in the country during the same period; the products of the previous module are directly used as raw material in the next module, significantly reducing energy consumption, logistics costs, management costs, operating costs compared to industry.
The company is a leader in the coal-based Maori industry. According to the response to a stock application request review letter, the production of polyolefin in 2021-2023 remained above 30%, much higher than the cost of coal in China.
The cost of the company period showed a downward trend in 2018-2022 The cost of the energy boom as a whole showed a downward trend. The three cost rates of 3.98 per cent in 2022 were lower than coal energy, China ' s petrochemicals, and Huanhua chemistry in the same industry. In 2023 and 2024, there was an increase in the cost of the Bo Fong energy period, mainly due to increased R&D inputs and the post-natalization of new projects, the cost of borrowing interest increased on the same basis as interest capitalization charges.
Compared to their domestic counterparts, the company Ningdong Base has a low investment in single tons of depreciation, which accounts for 49% of the cost of coal-yene. According to the petrochemical equipment management network, the cost of raw coal is only 22% of the total cost, but the depreciation of the equipment is 49% compared to the financial cost. Thus, the main factor influencing the cost of coal-yenefin production is the depreciation of the equipment and the financial cost, and the change in the price of coal only affects production.
The secondary factor here is the high depreciation cost of the equipment due to the long process and high one-time investment in the coal-based production process. • Compared to the country’s compatriots, the amount of investment in and depreciation of the boto energy monotons is $6250 per ton and 529 per ton, respectively. According to the semi-annual Bofo Energy Report, the China Chemical Information Journal, etc., investment in the bofo energy monotons is significantly lower than that of the domestic counterparts.
The size of the device is equal to the amount of 600,000 tonnes in Siningdong I and Ningdong II, but the total amount invested in the project is only 9.4 billion to 9 billion and the amount invested in the project is $6250 per tonne less.
The chemical industry board, China's semi-annual newspaper, 2024, and the world's rich and wealthy, has seen a decline in the depreciation of the company's projects of one ton per year compared to its domestic counterparts. The company's own depreciation costs have been reduced from 1300 to 1098 to one ton per period.
The methanol-based (mto) device of the Fahrenheit Project is the country's first large-scale methanol-based facility, which has less experience, leading to a larger initial investment; The BFW Energy Phase East, Ningdong II and Ningdong Three Coal-based Hydrocarbons Project was built in its own industrial parks, saving some of the infrastructure costs of ground levelling, road construction, etc., and reducing the total investment of the project accordingly.
The 12-year depreciation period for the Monichi Hydrocarbons project corresponds to 1300, 1250, 1201 and 1098 tons of single-ton depreciation, reflecting an overall downward trend. The Chemical Industry Specialized Committee, the semi-annual report of China ' s God 2024, has achieved worldwide wealth in the dmto-ii process, resulting in a direct reduction in the cost of the products of the Inner Mon Project by a total of 1145 yuan per ton.
Dmto technological upgrading has led to a decrease in methanol monomer consumption. According to Chinese engineering science, the dmto device is at the core of modern coal-based nylene (cto) plants, and new dmto catalysts can significantly increase the selection of low carbon-carbon acrylic hydrocarbons and reduce the carbon-material ratio. In the dmto-ii device, the production of methanol in 1tethylene and acrylic is only 2.6-2.7t, even without recovery of c4+ by-products.
Figure: 3-generation dmto technology flow chart Table: 3-generation dmto technology comparison Development of new efficient flow through the development of a new generation of methanol-based acetylene catalysts
dmto-iii Bed reactor, with no separate set-up of synthesizing units above c4+.
The company ' s coal-based acrylic acetylene project has reduced its ethanol ratio from 2.97 per period to 2.66 per year. According to the summary of the response to the request for a review of the stock application paper for the China Engineering Science and Bo Fong Energy Releasesa, the Ningxia Bo Fung II Cto plant adopted a new dmto catalyst that reduced its methanol consumption from 2.97t to 2.85t per ton of low-carbon acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylate; and the dmto-ii technology for the Ningdong III and Immon III projects, which further reduced its olene ratio to 2.66-2.67.
Innermont projects are operational, with a combined cost reduction of $1145 per ton per product. According to the record sheet on the activities of Bo Fung energy investors, the company ' s Inner Mon project uses the dmto 3 generation technique to design an ethanol ratio of 2.66 tons of methanol/tonne of acrylate, which is about 8% lower than the company ' s ethanol ratio of 2.88 tons per ton (tonne methanol/tonne of acrylic hydrocarbons) and its methanol, which is based on a cost reduction of $480 per ton/ton; the company ' s feedstock coal for the Ningdong hydrocarbon project is mainly purchased from the Nino Hados region, which is the Nemo project project.
There is a significant advantage in the location of raw coal supply areas, where raw coal and power coal are cost-savings of 90 yuan per tonne compared to the Ningdong project, with a 4.5-ton cost reduction of 405 yuan per ton of coal used for a single set of devices; and where there is a greater capacity for production, a relative reduction in managers, operators, and a corresponding reduction in labour costs of about 260 yuan per ton.
Inner Mongolia 3 million tonnes/year of bronze production and Xinjiang 4 million tonnes of bronze project. Inner Mongolia ' s hydrocarbon project provided 3 million tonnes/year of growth space. As of March 2025, the company ' s 3 issues of 250,000 tonnes/yeareva project were officially launched; in Mongolia 2.6 million tonnes/year of coal and associated 400,000 tonnes/year of green hydrate production line was steadily advanced, with the first series of 1 million tonnes/year production line produced in November 2024,
The second series of 1 million tonnes/year production lines came into production in January 2025, and the third series of 1 million tonnes/year production lines are planned for March 2025. The company ' s inter-Mongolian hydrocarbon project is the largest coal-based hydrocarbon project ever undertaken in a single plant worldwide, and the first project for the co-production of the maleic hydrocarbons by green hydrogen and modern coal-chemicals.
The company ' s demonstration project on clean and efficient coal conversion coupons for the installation of low-carbon chemicals and new materials into green hydrogen was launched for the first time. New projects included 4x2.8 million tonnes/year methanol (containing empty, gasification, transformation, purification, methanol synthesis units), 4x1 million tonnes/year methanol, 4x1.1 million tonnes/year polycylene separation, 3x650,000 tonnes/year polypropylene, 3x650,000 tonnes/year polyethylene, 1 250,000 tonnes/year c4-1-butylene device, 1 290,000 tonnes/year steam fission device, 1 30,000 tonnes/year ultra-high
Molecular polyethylene devices, 1 250,000 tonnes/yeareva devices, 1 50,000 tonnes/year mma/pmma devices and accompanying public engineering, ancillary engineering and storage facilities, etc. Table: Fuzzy energy available and in-progress energy aggregates (as of March 2025)
On the supply side, according to cutting-edge information: the front-loading of coke plants is largely digested, but it is difficult to start work in the short term due to the effects of overhaul, environmental restrictions; on the demand side: in the light season and under the influence of policy, the start-up of furnaces is on a downward trend, with less support being needed; and on the steel plant is profitable and motivated. On balance, the supply and demand base of coke is currently clearly tightened, while the price of raw coal is still very high, and the price of coal is expected to be very high in the short term.
China ' s monthly coal consumption was 34.947,000 tons, an increase of 6.27 per cent over the previous five months; and its coal production in the first five months of 2025 was 164 million tons, an increase of 9.75 per cent over the same year.
The supply side of the coal market has been disrupted by policies, demand has been released, and demand has been disturbed by policies. According to the source information, the supply side of the coal market is being disturbed by policies, demand has been released gradually, and the supply and demand base has improved to varying degrees. According to the source, China produced 80,657,000 tons of coal per month in May 2025, an increase of 5.06% compared to the previous five months of 2025.
Monthly consumption of coal in China and its rate of increase. Monthly supply of coal in China and its rate of increase. Monthly production of coal in China (tonnes)
The price of coke and coke continues to fall, and the price of coke and coal continues to fall. Both the weak demand for coke and the easing of the supply of coal have affected the price of coke and coal in 2024. According to Chinese coal resources, the price of coke dropped in 2024.
Net data for 2024 indicate an average of $1741 per ton per day for the seminal and seminal levels of Shan Si Lum, a decrease of $372 per ton per day, a decrease of 17.6 per cent; an average of $1907 per ton per day for the primary coal content in Shanxi, a decrease of $263 per ton per day, a decrease of 12.1 per cent, a sharp decrease in the same difference between coke and coal, a sharp decline in profits in the industry and a loss in some of the coker enterprises. As at 11 July, the price of coal was $930 per ton per day, a decrease of 46.9 per cent per ton per year; and the price of coke was $995 per ton, a decrease of 45.2 per cent per cent per year.
Figure: Coal and coke prices in our country (in yuan/tons) eva resins are the acronym for ethylene acetate ethylene consummate resins eva resins are the acronym for ethylene acetate consumable resins, an important chemical product made of ethylene and acetate ethylene ethylene esters as raw materials.
The print network, usually referred to as the eva product, has a va content (mass score) of less than 40%, generally 5-40%. At present, most eva resins are produced using high-pressure polymers, with high purity, high production capacity, and high continuity of the process.
According to the China-China Information Network, the consumption structure of the eva resins in 2023 was about 43.0% of the total consumption of photovoltaic products, 24.0% of blowing products, 15.0% of wire cables, and 15.0% of thermomelting gum.
6.5% of coatings, 7.0% of coatings, 2.0% of agricultural membranes, and 2.5% of other things. According to ISR, in recent years, the application of eva products has been gradually expanding from traditional shoe material, cable to photovoltaics, medical treatment, hydrogen energy, etc. With the spread of the n-topcon battery, ultra thin (<20 μm), high spectroscopy (93%) film has been mainstreamed. Meanwhile, in the medical field, 120°C-resistant eva materials have been certified by biocompatibility for use in fluid bags, catheters, and bio-based ducts.
The raw material from the dredging) market will grow to $1.5 billion, and the demand for degradable film will reach $1 billion, which will continue to drive green low-carbon growth in the industry. Figure: Disaggregate downstream applications (2023)
Since 2021, as a result of rapid developments in the photovoltaic sector, the project has been building up, the industry is starting a new cycle of expansion, and production capacity is expanding. According to the China-China Economic Intelligence Network, in 2024 the capacity of the country grew from 972,000 tons in 2017 to 2.91 million tons, the supply of the production sector grew rapidly, and the production of the industry rose from 365,000 tons in 2014 to 16.75 million tons in 2022, with a compound annual growth rate of 21 per cent over the period.
• The size of the market has declined as a result of the weakening of downstream demand. The market size of the eva resin industry grew rapidly in 2020-2022, mainly in the form of RM/t downstream demand. Prices have increased and declined throughout the year. The market size of the eva resin market declined to $33.72 billion in 2024, with an average market price of $10,861 per ton.
Figure: Changes in capacity (tonnes) in China: changes in sales volume in China: market size and rate of increase in the industry in China
In 2022, the Chinese Customs Administration recorded a cumulative import of 1,224,000 tons, an increase of 7.67% compared to the previous year, while China exported only 1,167 million tons, an increase of 63.67% compared to the previous year. The domestic market depends on imports of high-end products.
Imports in 2023 amounted to 1.39 million tons. According to the IFA, our imports of high-end products amounted to 40%. As technology breaks down, enterprises like Xinco, Srbang, etc., have been able to scale up their production of photovoltaic-gradeeva, with a concentration control accuracy of ~0.5%, and products have gradually replaced the market share of the overseas giants (e.g. Tauri, Exxon Mobil) through ulcer certification.
Under the new fda regulations, the penetration rate will increase from 58% to 93%, contributing to the process of nationalization of high-end products. Total imports amounted to 777,000 tons, or 84.15% of total imports, of which 427.2 million tons of resin, or 46.64% of total imports, were imported from Korea.
In 2024, it was broken down, according to an intellectual consultation: Srbon petrochemicals jumped through the construction of a new 200,000-ton device, making 500,000 tons of total capacity the country’s first-ever production enterprise, while Zhjiang petrochemicals, Gure petrochemicals and Central Coal elves maintained their original capacity of 300,000 tons, the second-tier industry. According to our calculations, the BTW 250,000-eva/project was launched after delivery, and the capacity of the evs jumped to 500,000 tons/year, with Srbs being the first in 2024.
There are 16 companies in China that produce a total capacity of 2.9 million tonnes/year, mostly in the pipeline, accounting for more than 70%. Most of the domestic companies produce conventional brands, and the high-end ones depend mainly on imports.
In terms of production, the cost per ton of coal-based products of the project is significantly higher than that of oil.
In terms of products, the product is high-end, complete, wide-scale, and can be used to produce 22 plates, one of which can be exchanged over the production line for different brands. Of these, the product content of 11 plates is as high as 30% va and the product is pure and has good resilience, scalability, permeability, and permeability.
Clarity, membrane, stability and insulation, mainly in the areas of photovoltaic membrane, bubbles, and thermal molten glue, can fully cover the market’s diversified demand for high-endeva materials. The project is stable, producing at full capacity. In February 2024, the largest coal-based ethylene acetate co-polymer (eva) project ethylene acetate (eva) ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene esters (Vestine ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethyl ethyl ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
Technically producing mto-grade methanol, then producing polyethylene and acetylene by dmto devices, maleic hydrocarbons separately, and polyethylene and acetic ethylene by co-production.
Table: Comparison of the production processes ineva Introduction: New Coal-based Materials for Industrial Chain Lead Enterprises Polyfin: Links to a wide range of downstream products with significant profit advantages on coal routes
Production of polyolefins continues to grow, and supply and demand conflicts are expected to improve with downstream demand.
Polyolefins: Links to a variety of downstream products, significant profit margins on coal routes Continued production of polyolefins, supply-demand mismatches expected to improve with downstream demand Cost advantages for coal-based hydrocarbons
I'd like you to know that I'm not the only one in the world who's going to do this, but I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I can't believe it.
The study profession covers mainly the chemical and new materials industries. And the new materials industry.
These include: the East Foon Group, Global New Materials International, China Heart and Heart Fertilizer, China Centralized Fertilizer, Tani Fung Group, China Sanjiang Chemical Industries, China Union of Plastics, Pura Lin Sungshan, MiG Group, China Petroleum Chemistry, China National Xuanyang Group, Tiande Chemical, Colours New Energy, Tiande Chemical and Polycultural Engineering.