Business cash flows are falling, and the impact of the glimmer New Deal is beginning to appear, and Xu's harvests, profits are increasing at both rates, operating cash flows are decreasing significantly, and companies are operating under the shadow of the glimmer New Deal.
We believe that the first half of the company’s operations are just beginning to show, with the first half of the year having 24gw installed in the country, and the second half having a projected demand of around 10gw, we expect that the company’s performance will be under even greater pressure in the second half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the reverse transformer was kept high, and prices fell. In the first half of the year, the company's reverse transformer had a global delivery of about 8gw, with revenues of about $1.644 billion, a Māori rate of 31.70 per cent, a decline of 7.04 pct. Overall, the company's aggregate output was already positive.
Up to 68gw, which is still the world’s largest inverter volume. Domestic inverser output is 6gw to the right, with the share of domestic cities remaining at around 25%.
Among them, companies in the field of household use and poverty alleviation have issued a home reverse system consisting of Sunshine Household Reverser sg7/8k-d and Component Shutter sps-2, which has numerous advantages, such as inflammability, self-segregation, low radiation, etc., with the highest conversion efficiency of 98.5 per cent, the highest in industry; this compares with similar products in industry.
The system weighs 20% less, reduces its size by 30%, and is the smallest industry in terms of transport and installation. According to our price, the average annual sales price of the company ' s invertors is about 0.205/w, the integrated operation of the power plant system is stable and the Māori rate is rising.
In the first half of the year, the company integrated power station system generated $1.808 billion (yoy-1.24%) and achieved a gross interest rate of 23.54%, an increase of 7.7 percentage points from the end of last year. We believe that the price of photovoltaic components has fallen, raising the level of the company’s Maori rate for pepc’s operations. In the first half of the year, the company had built and was building photovoltaic power.
Station 1.01gw, dominated by leaders and pro-poor projects. With the concentration of new drivers and pro-poor projects this year in the second half of the year, we expect a reverse growth in corporate power station integration operations in the second half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s storage system generated 119 million yuan (yoy+428.17), while in the first half of the year it made new progress in the field of energy, participating in the arc FM projects of 9mw/4.5mwh in Shanxi and 16mw/8mw in Germany, and 10mw/5.5mwh in Qinghai and 21mwh in Japan.
As the electricity market reform moves forward, the country’s electricity-aided services market is building fast. To date, the country has been able to launch agc storage frequency pilot in the north-east, Fujian, Shandong, Shanxi, Xinjiang, Ningxia, Guangdong, Gansu, etc., and the company’s future development in the storage market is to be expected.
The company’s business performance in the first half of the year shows that operating cash flows have begun to be subject to the NDZ short term, corresponding to 10.13, 8.38 and 7.35 times the p/e. Given the future need for photovoltaic parities to be installed on the Internet, it is still expected to be sustained, and the company’s high growth in energy storage, we have given it “precautiousness” for the first time.
The demand for photovoltaics has not recovered as expected; the rate of corporate reversible Māori has declined more than expected; the Māori rate of company power system integration operations has increased less than expected; and the company's storage capacity has not grown as fast as expected