In the first half of 2018, the company achieved an operating income of $3.895 billion, an increase of 10 per cent over the same period; the net increase in the return of mothers was less than the increase in revenue. In the first half of 2018, the cost of sales to the company was $289 million, an increase of the same amount.
The increase in management costs is mainly due to higher remuneration and related office fees, travel costs, etc. of company managers, as well as higher research and development costs and staff equity incentives.
In the first half of 2018, the power station integration operation achieved operating income of $1,808 million, a decline of 1.24 per cent, or 46.42 per cent of the total, and remained the largest major business. The Māori rate was 23.54 per cent, an increase of 1.95 per cent over the previous year.
In the first half of 2018, the company carried out several photovoltaic poverty demonstration projects in eight districts in Sichuan, Chongqing, Shanxi, Hubei, Henan and Anhui provinces, with a total installed capacity of 164.428mw and the largest single-body project of 60mw in Sichuan Pug in the first half of 2018.
The company has accumulated more than 1gw projects to help more than 100,000 poor households and 1,200 poor villages to break out of poverty and become rich. The company is currently working on 12.9mw projects to combat poverty in Rhoda County, the Yamato Hiroming 13.8 village-level projects on pro-poor power stations and Anhui Huainan projects totalling 50mw projects.
In the first half of 2018, electricity-conversion equipment, such as photovoltaic reverse transformers, achieved total operating income of $1.644 billion, compared to $1.62 billion in the same period last year.
The company is the leading global inverter, with a long-term stabilization of domestic market ownership at around 35%, with foreign markets at around 15% for many years, and a steady increase in delivery in the first half of the third quarter of the world, with a major breakthrough in the expansion of domestic and foreign markets, and
More than 10 new products have been published, covering markets such as household use, distribution, poverty alleviation, runners, and large ground power stations. Downstream demand has been limited in the first half of 2018 in the context of the new PV, while competition has dramatically reduced the rate of solar inverters.
In the first half of 2018, the company's storage system generated $119 million, an increase of 428 per cent in the same year; the photovoltaic station generated $157 million, an increase of 262 per cent in the same year.
In Japan, the 21mwh light storage combined project, the company uses a direct flow side storage system solution, a one-stop system for highly integrated inverters, batteries, energy management systems, etc., matching the high standard requirements of the Japanese market. The German independent storage power FM station 16mw/8mwh can be vindicated.
The steady operation of the power-protected system and the guaranteed supply of electricity to achieve a balance between load and power-generation fluctuations allow the storage system provided by the company to receive power movement of the grid in real time, control output, participate, stabilize frequency control of the grid and increase the economic returns of customers.
In 2018, the company focused on building household market competitiveness, completing 300 distributioner layouts by the end of 17, achieving the target of 1,000 by 2018 and expected to complete the development of 5 to 100,000 household power stations by 2018.
The Division has invested in the development of a home-based photovoltaic business, creating a sunhome home-based photovoltaic brand in 2017, where the current household uses an additional 10,000 or so units. The household-driven viewing of the company’s business from b to c has a high profitability and growth and will contribute to the company’s performance and valuation.
Its channels are designed to achieve coverage of the three-tier network of cities, counties, towns and cities, and, in the short term, a network of agents in 10 provinces, up to 3,000 county and district distribution networks, and 100,000 township and village networks. By 2020, the goal is to achieve the highest rate of household market ownership in China.
Risk of uncertainty in domestic photovoltaic policy, construction management risk in power station system integration project, accounts receivable week, sales team at the Sunshine Power pb-band Institute
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.