Centre for Resource and Environmental Research (CRED) Lithium Tian Qian (002466.sz) buy-in (first rating) Debt workout dawns and opens the way for a re-evaluation of resource prices
The firm’s acquisition of sqm 23.77% of equity in 2018 resulted in $3.5 billion in loan mergers and acquisitions, and a significant increase in financial costs and asset-liability ratios. The Department’s plans to introduce strategic investors by the end of 2020, igo, according to the latest announcement of 21 June, in June.
At the bottom or before, a cash inflow of $1.4 billion will be obtained, of which $1.2 billion will be used to repay the loan and buy and relieve corporate debt pressure. Igo's remaining debt of $684 million will be on top of the world's best-quality lithium mineral resources. Companies hold the conundrum of the world's largest lithium resource, the Greenbush mine.
The company's participation in the world's largest salt lake lithium, the owner of the Atacama Salt Lake is sqm.87%. The company uses the 20% share of Tshika, Tibet, Zabuye Salt Lake, and the full-time subsidiary Lithium Production, the Tsora Lithite mine of Sichuan Yajiang County, as lithium.
The company currently has 1.34 million tons of annual production capacity for lithium concentrates and 1.94 million tons of planned annual production capacity. The Quinana project is now in operation, which is designed to complete the processing of lithium salt. The company ' s lithium salt production is mainly based on Sichuan shooting flood, Jiangsujiang and Chongqing copper beam production bases, with a total production capacity of 4.48 million tons.
At the same time, a two-phase project is under way in Quinana, Australia, for 48,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide, and a phase of 24 million tons is expected to be produced in 2021 q3 and 210,000 tons of capacity), bringing the total planned capacity of the company for lithium salt to 139,000 tons.
In terms of valuation, the market value of lithium salt production per ton is currently around 7-13 billion tons. We conservatively give 10 billion to every ton of lithium salt production at the end of 2023.
The Quinana project has not progressed as expected; subsequent debt service has fallen short of expectations; top management risks; first, debt resolution has reached the dawn of 1.1 global lithium product suppliers, with two operations going hand in hand.
Tianqi Lithium Industries Ltd. was founded in 1992 and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2010.
The development of lithium resources is the first link in the lithium industry value chain, with companies distributing lithium ores, respectively.
Lithium resources are based on the Western Australian Green Bush lithium mine owned by the holding subsidiary, Telison, and the Sichuan Yajiang Tsora lithium mine owned by the entire lithium industry, which is a resource reserve and secure.
Lithium concentrate products produced include technical-grade lithium concentrate and chemical-grade lithium concentrate, two major shareholders sold to Terry Sen - the Tinchi lithium industry and Yapo.
Equity, with 20% of the share in the Tsikal Zabuye Lake in Tibet as a resource reserve. Sqm Chilean Chemical Mining and Industry is Chile’s largest potassium fertilizer and iodine company and the world’s largest producer of lithium salt, currently with capacity of 70,000 tons per year for carbonate and 1.35 million tons per year for lithium hydroxide, 2022
Lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide production capacity are planned to be expanded to 180,000 tonnes/year, 30,000 tonnes/year, respectively. Lithium salt processing. The company’s lithium salt product processing operations are based mainly on Sichuan shooting Hong, Jiangsujiang and Chongqing copper beam production bases, provision of lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, lithium chloride and lithium metal products, among which
Zhang has the only fully automated battery-grade lithium carbonate production line in operation around the world. In addition, the company planned 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate production line in Su Ningyi, and the construction of a total of 48,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide production line in Quai Nana, Australia, in two phases, of which 24,000 are in one.
The Ton Project has entered the stage of debugging. ▪ In concrete terms, lithium concentrates: Tyllison has built up 1.34 million tons/year lithium concentrates and plans for production capacity.
Technical-grade lithium concentrate, 1.2 million tons of chemical-grade lithium concentrate Technical-grade lithium concentrate, with a higher concentration of lithium oxide and a lower iron content, mainly for sale in glass and ceramics: Chemical-grade lithium concentrate is mainly used to convert to lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, lithium metal, etc.
Lithium compounds, which are further used in the production of lithium cell positive materials: 1.19 million tonnes/year of planned capacity, and the Venfield Board of Directors decision of 22 December 2020 to postpone the operation of the third phase of the Tyllison lithium concentrate expansion programme until 2025.
Lithium salt processing capacity: 448 million tonnes/year of capacity have been built and 1128,000 tonnes/year of planned capacity is planned
0.55,000 tonnes/year of lithium hydroxide, 0.45 tonnes/year of lithium chloride and 0.08 tonnes/year of gold combined with a total of 4.48 million tonnes/year of chemical-grade lithium concentrates expected to be used
The construction of the production line for the project has been completed for the current phase of the construction of lithium hydroxide 240.000/year, and the process is under way and is expected to be completed by the end of 2021 and to be completed by the end of 2022. The main project for the lithium hydroxide project has been largely completed and is currently in a state of suspension.
The company started the construction of 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate per year in Xiningjing in 2018, but is currently in a state of suspension due to financial constraints. 1.2 The fate of the acquisition of assets in a reverse position is too high for debt
In 2012, the company obtained a licence for the mining of lithium from Tsola, Yajiang County, Sichuan Province. In 2014, the company acquired the company ' s Telison Mother Company, which owns the Greenbush mine.
In 2015, the company acquired a lithium carbonate production base in Jiangsu Zhang's port. In 2017, the company acquired a copper beam factory in Chongqing, and, while promoting growth within the company, it continued its strategy of extended mergers and acquisitions.
After 2018, the company was caught in a huge debt crisis, owing in part to the “snake swallowing” of huge loans owed by sqm, and in part to the downside of the lithium industry, whose prices continued to fall. ▪ In late 2018, the company acquired 23.77% of the Chilean sqm company, which owns mining rights in Lake Atacama Salt.
The company borrowed $2.5 billion from a consortium led by the Bank of China Chengdu Ltd., of which a loan of $1.3 billion was granted for a period of one year, renewable for a period of one year, and a loan of $1.2 billion for a loan of $1.2 billion.
Euro, three-year loan period, renewable for one year after maturity, renewable for another one-year period; $1 billion in group c loans led by the Central Bank (International) Ltd., 2019, as a result of adverse factors such as the fall of the National New Energy Automobile Subsidy, lithium product market
During the adjustment period, prices for the sale of products continued to decline, industries faced multiple pressures and enormous challenges, sqm stock prices went down, companies had a heavy financial burden and were unable to repay their loans, companies had negative assets, and annual M&A loans generated interest costs totalling $16.50 million and $1.409 billion, respectively.
Sqm's investment earnings were only $403 million and $175 million, respectively. Hong Kong, a subsidiary of the company, Tianqi Lith, used to borrow three-year terms from Morgan Stanley, who had to buy and deposit the company's shares as collateral.
The stock size is quite high, as a guarantee of the solvency of borrowing, while selling upscaling options equal to the stock holdings to offset the financing costs. In 2020, the company held the stock price of sqm, the interest rate volatility of libor, among other things.
Sqm 2.1 per centb share of the fair value change gains from the lead option and hedging operations is about RMB 890 million lower than in 2019.
The net annual non-mortality profit is much better than last year, and the company’s performance has improved considerably.
The principal of the loan, leaving a principal of $584 million for category C loans. As of the end of 2020, $1.3 billion for category A loans under domestic syndicates loans and $584 million for the balance of category C loans from offshore syndicates, totalling $1,884 million, expired on 29 November 2020, for companies.
Cash pressure for the next 12 months. To date, the corporate liability of $3.084 billion in principal and related interest, a+c loan extension will expire in November 2022 and a b loan extension of $1.2 billion
On January 15, 2021, the company issued a plan to increase the number of shareholders in the holding stock.
In order to avoid potential short-term transaction risks and protect the interests of small and medium-sized investors, it was decided to terminate the introduction of strategic investors, igo, which would receive $1.4 billion in cash inflows.
So far, the company has focused its efforts on “stopping the bleeding”, “breeding” and “repairing the blood” to promote debt reduction. On December 8, 2020, the company considered and passed the Bill on the Replenishment and Introduction of Strategic Investors in its Full-Owned Associates, and the company’s fully-owned subsidiary, tlea, proposed to refinance it.
The equity build-up introduced the strategic investor, a company listed by Australia, olimited (“igo”). igo's fully-owned subsidiary, olilithiumholdingsptyltd, contributed 1.4 billion dollars in cash.
After the replenishment was completed, the company held 51% of its registered capital, and the wholly owned subsidiary of igo held 49% of its registered capital. After the replenishment was completed, the company still held ownership of the stock.
No less than $1.2 billion of the replenishment will be used to repay the principal of the syndicate ' s M & A loan and the related interest to reduce the company ' s financial costs and ease the liquidity pressure, and the remaining funds will be reserved for operation and commissioning of the Quanana lithium hydroxide plant belonging to tlek as its subsidiary.
The company continues to hold 51% of Tyllison’s holdings. The company introduced igo and received $1.4 billion in cash inflows at a cost of 24.99% of Tyllison’s shares and 49% of Australia’s Quinana project, but still maintains Tyllison’s holdings. By introducing igo, the company was able not to lose control of its core assets.
Effectively reducing the ratio of corporate assets and liabilities, optimizing the capital structure and enhancing corporate overall capital strength Figure 11: Igotoacquire 49 per cent Oflithiumholdco1througha
We've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do.
24.9% indirectestingreenbuses3 (largest&lowestcosthardrocklithiummineglobally4) 49% interestinaustralia's firststlithiumhydroxideplant
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's gonna be here, but I'm the one who's gonna be here, and I'm the one who's gonna be here, and I'm the one who's gonna be there, and I'm the one who's gonna be there, and I'm gonna be there, and I'm gonna be there, and I'm gonna be there, and I'm gonna be there, and I'm gonna be there, and I'm gonna be there, and I'm gonna be there, and I'm gonna be there, and I'm gonna be there, and I'm gonna be there, and I'm gonna be there, and I'm gonna be there, and I'm gonna be there, and I'm gonna be there, and I'm gonna be there, and I'm gonna be there, and I'm gonna be there, and I's gonna be there.
igolimited (igo), a diversified mining, development and exploration company listed in the Australasia, has a range of high-quality gold and base metals mining operations in Western Australia, based on the development of clean energy metals such as nickel, copper and cobalt, extracting value from a wide exploration portfolio and deep involvement in the battery industry.
The development of the chain is committed to actively promoting the development of green renewable energy, energy storage and electric vehicles, reducing by $A billion nickel production by about 30,000 tons, copper production by about 14,000 tons, and cobalt production by about 15,000 tons.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something like this, but we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we's going to be in the middle of something.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
1 seeglosaryoftermsfordordefiniation of the Historialical Productionchartsbelow, represent fiveiveyearsofconstrubutionfromigo'searchtoperationsandhistoriccontrosionsfromionandjaguaperationstrarenoliontheigoportfolio.
Nickel(t) copper(t) cobalt(t)
1histori and talinone (long) thelongandjaguaroperationsweredivestepinmay2019andmay2018respecively 3goldproditionforfy20waslowerthanfy19duothetheopperationcompansionfromophenitationtoatminitingtoacombinationofenpentabilityofopitandundergroundringringringringintreatmentofflowspiles.
766 million Australian dollars in equity financing, of which about $600 million was available to finance 30 per cent of the igo transfer of the tropicana gold mine; and $1.1 billion in guaranteed loans, of which $350 million was secured in December 2021
Igolimed (asx:igo) igo (igoorthecompany) ispleasedtoadvisethatthetransactiontodivestofits 30% interestinthetropicanagoldminessourcesourceslication(regis) (asx:rrl), asannouncedon13april 2021, hasnowcompleted (completion).
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Igo'smaningdirectorandceo, peterbradford, meeting: "wearedeledtovesucessfully"
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
"iwouldketoonceagainextendourthankstoanglogoldashanti, ourjointainturepartneratropicanaover thepast18years, fortheircolllaborativeandcolligateapproachtooperatingthetropicanaasset.wewish anglogoldashantandregisallthe Bestforthefuture.
"finally. iwouldketoacknowledgetheigoteamandourrelevevantadvisorswhomanaged thesalesprocess and delivedanexcellentresultforourshareholders."
According to the latest announcement issued by the company on 21 June, the company negotiated with igo to complete the project by 30 June, or by the time agreed in the Investment Agreement. To this end, the company and its affiliates, together with igo and investors, signed a Tax Sharing Agreement on 21 June, such as through Australia.
Following a review and assessment by the Tax Administration, it was confirmed that the implementation steps of the internal reorganization would result in a capital gain tax, and igo and investors agreed to not exceed the maximum amount agreed in the Tax Sharing Agreement.