The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (SWIRDC) has a high level of investment in research and development.
Events: Annual report of the company for 2016, $13.33 billion in operating income, an increase of 32.3 per cent over the same period; operating profit of $1.43 billion, an increase of 19.3 per cent over the same year; net profit return of $1.83 billion, an increase of 33.0 per cent over the same year; net profit deduction of $1.72 billion from the non-return of the mother, a growth of 27.3 per cent over the same period, a steady increase in the company's performance and a higher rate of growth.
The growth in performance has been robust, the Māori rate has risen, and overseas operations have been growing at a high rate: company revenue from front-end audio-visual products has increased by 37.4 per cent over the same period, but it has remained higher than industry, with Māori rates rising by 2.7 percentage points; back-end video products have increased by 22.8 per cent over the same year, and the rate of increase has risen more rapidly than industry.
The Māori rate rose by 3.8 percentage points, while the income from remote image control products increased by 6.6 per cent over the same period, at a decreasing rate; income from other products increased by 65.7 per cent over the same period, maintaining a high rate of growth; in the face of intense competition, the company achieved an increase in the Māori rate for its core products, which it produced on its own with the completion of production in the Fuyang region.
The increase in the proportion and the increase in the volume of exports of smart products with a high Māori rate is expected to maintain the high Māori rate of corporate products. 39.5 per cent of corporate income from overseas increased over the reporting period, and the share of total income increased year by year, reaching 37.9 per cent, the Māori rate from overseas increased by 2 percentage points, and as overseas channels expanded, the company's share of gross revenue increased by 39.5 per cent.
• Re-innovation of R & D inputs and continuous consolidation of intellectual capacity: high investment in R & D by companies, 1.42 billion yuan in R & D costs, 10.7 per cent of operating income and an increase in the number of R & D personnel during the reporting period
17.8 per cent of the total number of R & D personnel in the company was 61.4 per cent. The company increased its investment in the area of artificial intelligence. During the reporting period, hundreds of high-performance computers were integrated within the company, a collection of in-depth learning calculations was built, the construction of an in-depth learning computing centre was largely completed, and the savings associated with in-depth learning were further optimized.
The storage, transmission, computing, etc. technology has created a new set of deep learning ecology with security features; at the same time, the Department has made great strides in the domestication of chips, and companies have continued to launch the cvi standard package during the reporting period, with a volume of more than 10 million grades, with good results. In addition, companies have been active in developing innovative businesses.
• In the area of extended technology based on video surveillance, some progress has been made in the deployment of industrial and commercial drones, smart homes, videoconferencing, adas, etc.
The size of the issue is determined by the company’s capital requirements and regulatory requirements. The distribution of the Hong Kong stock is expected to spread to a certain extent, but in the long run, fund-raising will facilitate the development of the company’s business, especially by supporting the capital needs of the ppp’s business, as well as enhancing the company’s overseas visibility and international image.
The project is still to be approved by the Shareholders Assembly.
Ppp and offshore operations contribute to high growth, benefiting from a smooth growth in domestic market demand, foreign market expansion and new operations, and a steady increase in the sales earnings of companies for all types of products, but at a slower pace, taking into account a gradual increase in the revenue base. Assuming the sale of end-of-end video products up to 2017-2019.
The annual compound growth rate is 36.4 per cent, the annual compound increase in sales of backend video products is 22.1 per cent, and digital remote image surveillance is 22.1 per cent, taking into account the increased proportion of products produced autonomously by companies and the high Maori rate of intelligent products, assuming that the Māori rate of the products has stabilized after a slight rise. Assuming that the Māori rate of sound video products remained at 43.5 per cent until 2017-2019, it is assumed that the Māori rate for audio-visual products will remain at 43.5 per cent until then.
The Māori rate for end-of-view video products has been maintained at 42.2%, while the Māori rate for digital remote image monitoring systems has been maintained at 35.6%, and other products have not received, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.