The net profit in 2016 was 33% higher than expected.
A single-season revenue of $5.36 billion, yoy+26.2 per cent, net profit of $760 million, yoy+23.7 per cent, and the company's intention to find a gold dividend of $1.00 (including taxes) for every 10 shares. Solutions continue to move forward, with some rapid growth abroad: as a result of solutions services continue to advance.
And the expansion of overseas channels, where company q4 performance continued to grow at 24% in the context of the high base period of last year (2015q4 net profit yoy + 46%), resulting in a 33% increase in net profit throughout the year. And because of the increase in solution business and the higher share of overseas business.
(from 36 per cent in 2015 to 38 per cent), the company ' s combined Māori rate increased by 0.5 per cent to 37.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but this period was marked by higher R & D spending and higher company sales and management costs, respectively, as a result of the expansion of overseas branches and stronger human intelligence research.
A combination of 1 percentage point, 1.5 percentage points to 12.3 per cent and 13.7 per cent of the costs of the company's period The product portfolio is still expected to grow: 1. The company has continued to scale up its research and development efforts over the last two years, turning it into a solution.
Providers, 114 sub-sector solutions in nine major industries were launched in 2015 and industry marketing organizations were laid out. The project is continuing, and we believe that with the City of Peace, intelligence, institutional investors as a percentage of the share in circulation,
Cities, including ppp projects, will continue to see the transformational gains of the company; 2. Firmly pursuing the internationalization strategy, rising revenue ratios, we believe, in the context of Europe's rising security needs, as the company's overseas branches grow, channels and brands are built
It is expected that Māori rates will continue to rise as the company continues to grow in size in the offshore market, and as the corporate ownership ratio continues to grow; 3. The company is actively engaged in security operations, civil security, machine visualization, cloud services, etc., and will gradually grow into integration in the future.
Video surveillance service providers, whose growth is expected: we expect the company to realize net profits of $2.39 billion and expected remuneration (expected return; er) in 2017 and 2018, respectively, as follows:
Data source: company bulletins, groupwares, data sources: company bulletins, groupwares, chinaresearchdept.com.