The Bulls Group (603195.sh) has a solid base, a robust growth in income, a robust growth in income other than earnings, a strong growth in income, and a strong operational resilience in the absence of gains.
It was reported that 2024h1 achieved revenue of 8.39 billion/+10.5 per cent, resulting in a net profit of 2.24 billion/+22.9 per cent from the mother; new operations such as rehabilitation, new energy sources, electric tools and so on were rapidly developing; profitability was stable, performance was robust, electricity connectivity was robust, smart electricians were growing and new energy was increasing.
With 3.87 billion/+5.2 per cent, converter products focus on the diversity of the landscape needs of different groups, with the introduction of year-old X-generation converters, etc., and digital accessories have improved the layout of the pop-up plug-in series of products, while in the first half of the year, nearly 30 electric tools have been officially listed in the country, and product lines have expanded and are expected to become new growth points.
The two brands of smart headlamps, bulls and beams are working well, with a strong focus on door shop operations and multiple recipients, and the market share is continuously consolidated. Decorative channels focus on retailing and dress companies, with a strong push for full-scale flagship construction and implementation, with a cumulative development of over 22,000 c-end terminal sites and over 2200 operator clients.
Overseas exploration, market-wide, and fully home-grown. 2024h1 has developed and marketed a number of new products, such as flexible, high-flexed plugs, in Vietnam, the Philippines, Thailand, etc. The team configuration has been improved in South-East Asia, the Middle East, Central Asia, etc., where the distribution system in South-East Asia has been pre-completed, synchronized and synchronized.
To develop new sources of energy; to successfully market second-generation energy products in developed countries; to maintain stability in the Māori rate and to invest in higher profit margins. q2 Māori 43.6%/+0.4pc, Māori upturns are mainly due to internal efficiency gains and raw material contributions, sales/management/R & D/financial costs, respectively
The Bulls Group (603195.sh) 2023 & Quarterly 2024: Strong Growth in Recovery, Significant Increase in Profitability, High Merit Return Shareholders - Upgraded by Growth in Market Extension Inputs, Financial Costs by Decline in Interest Expenditure, q2 Net Interest Rate
Bulls Group (603195.sh) - Leader of the Civil Electric Industry, with 28.5%/+3.1 ptc, of which 2024h1 investment revenue of $320 million is a positive profit contribution.
Bulls Group (603195.sh) - Leader of the Civil Electric Industry, New and Old Business & Channel Investment Proposal: Adjusting Profit Forecasts to maintain a “better than the City” rating. Bulls Group (603195.sh) - 14% increase in revenue in the third quarter, new operations and channels
The firm’s core goods are in the forefront of the industry, with strong branding, well-tailored channels that look at both old and new business and the combination of new and old channels. Adjustments to profit projections are expected to result in a net return profit for 2024-2026, respectively.
Figure 3: Net corporate return profits and growth rates, Figure 5: Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates, Figure 6: Company single-quarter Māori rates and net interest rates
Figure 7: Rates of R & D in companies, Figure 8: Cost during the company period Author ' s assurance that data used in reporting are derived from compliance channels; logic of analysis is based on author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author