Bulls Group: The profit base continues to increase rapidly and the new energy business is performing well: on August 29, 2024, the Bulls Group issued its semi-annual report for 2024. 2024h1 has achieved revenue of 8.386 billion yuan (+10.45%) and a net profit of 2,239 million yuan (+22.88%) to the mother.
Corporate electricity connections, smart electrician lighting and new energy business revenues of $3.870 billion, respectively, recorded the use of electricity technology and brand advantages, quickly achieved product lines and channel layout, and sustained boosts in the new energy industry to boost the export of power.
2024q2 investment yield net interest rate hikes were significant, and sales and R & D rates slightly increased. Compared to +3.05pc), net interest rates increased by more than the Mäori rate, leading to pct as a result of the increase in the maturity foreclosure of major companies, increased marketing costs and investment in R & D, resulting in higher sales costs and R & D
Underline, the company has set up over 750,000 hardware outlets and over 120,000 specialists throughout the country.
Trade decorations and lighting outlets and over 250,000 digital accessories outlets; as of 2024h1, the rest of the family has been working strategically with such companies as the Towers Group, the National Power Network, Cyrus, etc. in the area of products and technology.
The electronics platform, which has dozens of online authorized distributors; the full layout and dynamic interests and in-house power providers to increase brand volume and promote sales growth; the 2024h1 company converters and wall switches; the plugs that keep the Skycat line on the market; and the sales of new energy chargers are at the forefront.
Bulls Group: 2024q2 profits continue to grow rapidly, new energy businesses perform well, investment proposals: industry ends, traditional converters, wall switches and electricians such as led lighting have reached maturity, but the sub-groups of these products, such as smart eco-houses and new energy products, are positive.
At the end of the company, deep-cultivated civilian electric power, continuous promotion of electricity connections, smart electric lighting, innovation and development of new energy industries, continuous consolidation of channel advantages through a synergistic approach on the line, and active promotion of channel change for corporate revenue performance.
The company’s net return profits for 2024-2026 are expected to open up new channels that do not meet expectations, price volatility of major raw materials, etc. Bulls Group: the profits of 2024q2 continue to grow rapidly, and the new energy business is performing well.
Pacific Academy, 7th floor of the 2nd Unit of the Huao Long Enterprise, 9 North outside Beijing City West Side, and 10th floor of the State Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City.
Hsien Shenzhen, Fuda Business, 1904 19th floor, New World Center, 19th floor, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, 102nd floor, Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report