Stocking, incremental opportunities and profitability are steadily increasing The Bull Group (603195.sh) Product End: Main business is growing steadily in the context of the downside of real estate. Sub-products, Company 24H1 Electric Company
Chen Buru is advancing steadily. 2) Smart electrician lighting has a high connection to the real estate industry, but it continues to grow at a good rate. Walling benefits from the dyke effect of increased industry concentration; lighting (basic light, decorative lights, none).
Maintenance of a high rate of growth; continued eco-innovation and continuous improvement of the whole pre-house assembly matrix. 3) New : chenbairu_yj@chinastock.com.cn energy operations continue to grow at a low base, with companies active around end-c and end-middle b.
Business expansion, which is expected to continue at a high pace in the short term, leads to a smooth opening of the flagship shop and a wide range of opportunities in overseas markets. 1) The company continues to push for changes in the flagship shop plus new retail outlets, 24h1 new opening shops perform well, and the company plans to finish by the end of 2024.
3000 new open shops, 2,000 opened by the end of August, with the flag shop operating at the same pace as expected. 2) In offshore operations, 24h1 continued its 2023-year seaboard strategy, emerging markets in South-East Asia and developed Europe □ Hanmian_yj@chinastock.com.cn
Among them, the South-East Asian market hosts, such as converters, 24h1 new stores, distribution system layouts, and team-building are in place. Europe is investing in the promotion of new energy products, such as power-filling poles, around potential markets such as Germany and Italy, actively developing distributors, installers, customers, and continuous channel capacity.
The year 2024, as the year of corporate travel, is expected to raise vast incremental space in future overseas markets. The investment proposal is that companies continue to deepen their channels, with innovative products centred on user needs, traditional business growth, rapid development of new business such as headlights, new energy sources, stock and incremental space.
"The Galactic Light Worker" company commented on the light work industry:
Increased speed, growth of traditional business, rapid pace of new business layout, breaking _2020426 2. [Galactic Light Worker] Company rating _ Light Industry _ Bulls Group: Industry
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.