Performance is largely in line with expectations, looking forward to long-term development, with three quarters of the Tian Chi material (002709), and the company issuing its third quarter report in 2017. In a single quarter, the company earned $598 million in operating income in the third quarter, an increase of 9.84 per cent compared to the same period last year;
A net profit of $101 million for the mother, a decrease of 18.54 per cent compared to the same period last year; a basic gain of $0.30 per share, a decrease of 23.08 per cent compared to the same period last year; a sustained increase in capacity, with steady electrolyte price detection and long-term growth. The electrolytic fluid industry experienced excess capacity this year, and prices of lithium hexafluorate and electrolyte have been substantially reduced by the beginning of this year, and the electrolyte prices have dropped to around $5-55 million per ton since the end of September, due to upstream lithium.
Prices continue to be strong, and the price of electrolyte is expected to be limited in the short term. The company has always occupied the leading position in the electrolysis industry, continuing to consolidate the corporate industry as the 6,000-ton liquid lithium hexafluorate project continues to develop and follow up on the solid lithium hexafluorate project. The company’s own low-cost advantage in the production of lithium hexafluorate helps to maintain competitiveness and profitability.
The Division has a good basis for cooperation, and with the growth of high-quality customers of lithium electricity and increased concentration in the lithium electricity industry, there is still much room for a company’s electrolytic fluid business. At the same time, products such as the company’s new lithium salt lifsi are expected to increase the company’s core of electrolyte competition further after delivery, and industrial barriers will be rebuilt.
On the one hand, the subsidiary phosphate lithium and tri-dollar phosphate, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, continue to improve the company’s industrial chain layout. In the production of phosphate lithium, a certain degree of use is made of iron sulphate, which is the by-product of the product.
On the other hand, the company’s access to the lithium-contribution industry and lithium-fluoride shares have enabled the company to provide stable support in the supply of upstream materials, while providing a solid basis for sustained cost reductions in the future. New energy vehicles have not developed as expected, and the competition for lithium hexafluoride and electrolyte assimilation has intensified.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the Yang Raki.
The team leader in the basic chemical industry, who has nine years of experience in the securities industry, is well placed to capture the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, and to analyze his own research views. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies