Quarter Review: The company's three quarterly reports are down the same time, and the price of UF6 is expected to fall back.
On 26 October, the company published a tri-quarter report for 2017, and in the first three quarters it achieved operating income of 15.34. The company ' s Māori rate fell slightly in the first three quarters, with a significant increase in investment returns. The company ' s Māori rate for the first three quarters was 35.1 per cent, a decrease of 6 percentage points from the same period last year, with a net profit on sales.
This is mainly due to a sharp drop in the price of lithium hexafluoride, which began to decline gradually from 400,000 ton per ton, to a low price of 140,000 ton per ton, as well as to the price of electrolyte. The company is the home-grown industry leader in the electrolyte industry, with the self-sufficiency of lithium hexafluorate, with the advantages and the benefits of scale.
The Māori rate is still relatively high, with an increase of 180 per cent in corporate investment returns in the previous three quarters over the same period, mainly due to the recognition of investment gains in the lithium-sink industry and the receipt of performance compensation payments from East Quehinhara shareholders to offset fair value change gains and the recognition of investment receipts
In addition, in the first three quarters of the year, there was a 606 per cent increase in financial costs compared to the previous quarter, mainly due to increased bank borrowing and discounting of receivable notes, resulting in higher interest expenditure. At the same time, the cash flow of the company ' s business activities decreased by 190 per cent this year, mainly due to an increase in accounts receivable and inventory.
The company is expected to return to a high-growth era when positive phosphate material is going up and down, and Jiang Si Ed now has 10,000 tons of iron phosphate and 10,000 tons of lithium phosphate, and the 30,000 tons of iron phosphate collected by the company are under construction and are expected to be operational in 2018. In addition, the company plans to start production in 2018.
The company actively integrates the material up and down, and is expected to drive the start of a new high-growth cycle. As the two-point system lands, electricization in the automobile industry has become certain, and new domestic energy is now available.
Source cars account for only 2 per cent of total vehicle sales, and there is an enormous scope for future upgrading, with industry looking at a bright future and $2.86, corresponding to the latest harvest prices of 31x, 23x and 16x, respectively, and giving new energy to the auto industry less than expected and with excess corporate capacity.
Figure 3: p/bband chart: Wang Fenghua: Master of Arts, People’s University of China, and currently President of the United Securities Institute.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.