The company plans to invest $164 million in the construction of an annual 200,000-ton electrolyte project (phase I) and a design capacity.
100,000 tons, one year of the construction cycle. The company is leading and actively expanding its costs as an electrolyte tap; and I rating the plate: no rating, active expansion of the electrolyte, further entrenchment: the company plans to invest in the establishment of a fully-owned subsidiary.
Ten thousand tons of electrolysis fluid, with a total investment of $164 million over a one-year construction cycle, with $129 million in construction and $35 million in capital to pave the ground. After the completion of the first phase of the project, the company ' s electrolyte capacity will be extended to more than 150,000 tons, further consolidating its leader position; the company expects to achieve an average annual operating income of 35.90 per cent.
Cost advantages are significant and market share leads: the company now has 4,000 tonnes of crystals, lithium phosphate production capacity, lithium hexafluorate is largely self-sufficient, with significant cost advantages (especially liquid lithium hexafluorate), and we expect further expansion along with electrolyte in the future, with costs expected to hold.
Continued decline provides a strong guarantee for the profitability of the electrolyte fluids. The company achieved about 20,000 tons of electrolyte sales in the first three quarters, with a far ahead of market share; the company has tied up the catl-type batteries, and the volume of electrolyte sales is expected to continue to grow at a high rate between 2018 and 2019.
The strategic layout of lithium carbonate, and the positive material is expected to be a new growth point: the company-owned subsidiary Jiangxiai Det already has 10,000 tons of iron phosphate and 10,000 tons of lithium phosphate, and it is proposed to build 25,000 tons of phosphate, and the capacity of lithium and 25,000 tons of materials, and the company will raise 30,000 tons of phosphate.
The company is also involved in the lithium-sink industry and lithium-fluoride shares, the strategic layout of lithium carbonate, and securing a stable supply of raw materials, while at the same time it is expected to generate substantial returns on investment.The new energy car policy is not as predictable as expected; the price of electrolyte is falling beyond expectations; and the positive materials business is moving forward.
Tian Qian: Three-quarters report's performance meets expectations and is expected to be renewed in the future