Three-quarter review of Tian Chi material (002709), three-quarter review of performance, three-quarter performance, three-quarters of operations, up next year.
▪ In the first three quarters of 2017, the company collected $1,533 million, an increase of 13.96% in the same year, and the net return to the mother largely met market expectations. In the first quarter, the company collected 598 million dollars, an increase of 9.8% in the same year, and the ring was down, mainly because the price of lithium hexafluorates had been reduced since the second quarter, so that the three quarters of the electricity was electrolyzed.
The average price of liquids was lower than in the second quarter, and profit levels also declined, but the yield ring ratio increased, with a projected increase of about 9,000 tons in the third quarter, or 20% in the ring. We expect 20,000 tons in the first three quarters, which is expected to exceed 30,000 tons in the year.
The rise in squares, resulting in higher costs and a significant decline in the Māori rate, has also resulted in the first three quarters of this year's performance in which the expected amount of the gift material was reported in the second half of the year.
The effect of the decline was that the price of electrolysis fluids fell from an average price of 70,000 tons last year to the current level of 50,000 tons, and the level of hydrolysis fluid Maori declined to around 40 per cent; while the cash flow of the company ' s operations was reduced by the increase in raw materials for solar products, and the cash flow improved significantly, including through increased distribution.
At the end of the reporting period, the company’s accounts receivable were due to a fall in the price of the product. On the cash flow, the net cash flow of the company’s operations at the end of the third quarter was -$74 million, a decline in the same year, mainly due to an increase in the accounts receivable; due to the positive growth of the company.
Billion; net cash flows from corporate fund-raising activities amounting to 750 million, mainly through increases and borrowing. Short-term corporate borrowing at the end of the reporting period amounted to 202 million, an increase of 124 per cent compared to the beginning of the year. Cash on the books was the lowest price of electrolyte, limited space for next year, and the company ' s lithium hexafluoride production capacity was limited.
By the end of the year, 2,000 additional tons will be added, which will help to increase at a higher rate next year. Since the price of lithium hexafluoride is already in tonnes, 48,000 tons of electrolyte will be available. We expect 1 million new energy cars to be sold in the country in 2018, maintaining an increase of around 40%, as company customers basically cover well-known movements at home and abroad.
The power cell industry, first, will gain faster than the industry as it is concentrated. Thus, we expect that in 2018, the company’s electrolyte output will increase by about 50%.
The company and its controlling subsidiary, Jiang Sied, are planning to produce 25,000 tons of phosphate and 25,000 tons of phosphate orthodoxy in Taizhou. The team has been built, the capacity has begun to be built, and production is expected to continue in the second half of 2018.
Release. Jiang Si Ed now has 10,000 tons of lithium phosphate material active in the North, and is expected to deliver 2,000 tons this year as the main supplier of Chanjiang Motors, with an expected 10,000 tons in 2018. Meanwhile, the company ' s 30,000 tons of phosphate pre-carrying capacity will be in place by the end of the year.
In order to produce and effectively reduce the cost of sulphuric acid from the waste produced with lithium hexafluorate, we conclude that the annual passenger vehicle will be growing in a resilient manner and that the market for lithium phosphate storage will be expected, so look forward to the expansion of pre-company drive-over operations. In addition, the company has 300 tons of new lithium salt test lines in progress.
Test production, planned self-use, can significantly improve battery performance. The electrolyte and lithium hexafluorate taps, followed by the new lithium salt, orthodoxy material layout equivalents, the company’s electrolytic fluids were not delivered as expected, and the price of lithium hexafluoride and lithium hexafluoride decreased significantly.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board