The three-quarterly assessment of Tianxian material (002.79): the fall in the volume price will affect the year's performance and the future construction of the Lithium Power Materials platform: the company has recently published three-quarterly reports and has achieved operating revenue of 1,534 million yuan in the first three quarters.
The drop in the price of electrolyte fluids affects the three-quarterly reported profits. The significant increase in supply led to a synchronized drop in the third quarter of HFC-60 million per ton, resulting in a fall in the price of the electrolyte from $80,000 to $5-55 million per ton.
33.48%. The recent price increases for raw materials such as hydrofluoric acid, lithium carbonate, are evident for lithium hexafluoride. The development of a large platform for lithium electric materials is still expected.
The lithium fluorophosphate project was put into production in the first half of the year, and the company’s strength in integrating into the industrial chain continued to grow with the production of a total market value/flow (millions) of 2,000 tons of solid hexafluoric acid at the end of the year.
Up to 12 months/lowest amount of lithium salt, new electrolyte formulations, deep accumulation of technology; subsidiary Gimut with flame retardant capacity, one of the few suppliers in the country; solvents with mainstream chemical dmc
At the same time, the company's horizontal layout of the material is positive, up-to-date shares of lithium, all loud and slightly less than expected - 2017/02/26.
The industry chain layout will give the company a platform advantage, and there will be great room for future growth.
Growth trends, focus on the layout of the new lithium salt project.
Double and 28 times. Keep the rating up. Three quarters of the T-shirts (002709) report the evaluation: a drop in the volume price will affect the year's performance, the future of the Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.