High Roe, high dividend rate, preferred in major line Long-term competitiveness rating: equal to industry average Company base (RMK)
By the end of the third quarter of 2016, companies were the second largest commercial banks in the country, based on the size of assets and net profits. Of the five large commercial banks, companies were the most profitable.
In comparison with other big banks, the company’s greater profitability is largely attributable to higher interest differentials, which in 2015 were almost the same as that of agricultural banks. The higher differentials were mainly attributable to lower interest-paying costs from the debtor, with lower-cost deposits accounting for more than 80% and just less than that.
The profit ratio of a company’s personal business is higher than that of a business bank. The apparent increase in the profit contribution of a company’s personal business is mainly based on two-wheel drive of both inward and off-the-shelf operations.
Increased, with mortgage loans accounting for more than 80% of individual loans; on the other hand: income from personal operations charges is fast; net income from personal operations charges rose by 10 percentage points over two years, to half a mile. At the end of the third quarter, bad double drops were lower than regulatory levels.
The negative rate fell by 7bp in the medium term, mainly three quarters of 25.6 billion bad assets written off by companies, more than double the size of the second quarter. The negative rate ratio has risen, but it is already far below its peak in historical terms.
In the case of overdue loans, pressure on the quality of the company’s assets is still on. But given the improvement in the company’s poor rate of generation, the quality of the company’s assets will be largely stable in the future.
The fall in the provision, the balance of the company ' s provision, which fell by 8.5 billion over the medium term, and the end-of-cycle coverage, which dropped by roe and high dividends, is now a significant absolute gain at the price. At the same time, the capital adequacy of the company is the highest among the banks on the market.
Large commercial banks with the most profitable potential, as of the end of the third quarter of 2016, are the second largest of the country in terms of the size of assets and net profits.
Large commercial banks. In 2016, the Chinese Banking Association issued the “gyros” evaluation system for sound commercial banks in 2016, companies ranked third in the country’s combined commercial banks, and middle in the big banks were the most profitable of the five large commercial banks.
In comparison with other major banks, the higher profitability of companies is mainly due to higher interest differentials, which in 2015 were almost the same as agricultural banks. And the higher interest differentials are mainly due to lower interest costs from the debtor side.
Figure 2: Companies by net profit size are the second largest commercial bank in the country
Figure 3: Top of the company ' s Roe level in 2015
The apparent increase in the profit contribution of the company ' s personal operations is based mainly on the two-wheel drive of both inward and off-the-shelf operations, in the form of a continuous increase in the share of individual loans, with mortgage loans accounting for more than 80 per cent of individual loans; and, on the other hand, a rapid increase in fees earned from individual retail operations.
This represents an increase of 26 per cent over the same period and an increase of 10 percentage points over the two-year period from 2013 to 2015 in the net income from personal operations, which is the level of half the country.
Figure 10: Mortgage loans from companies accounting for more than 80 per cent of retail loans Figure 11: Net income from personal business fees increased rapidly Figure 12: Net income from personal business fees in 2015 as a percentage of half of the cost of retail loans
Bad double drops at the end of the third quarter, less than regulatory provisions  bad double drops at the end of the third quarter of 2016, but pressure on asset quality is still on. The negative double drop is 7bp lower than in the medium term, mainly due to the write-off of 25.6 billion bad assets by companies in the third quarter, which is two.
Quarterly write-offs are more than double the size of the write-off. The negative yield ratio has increased, but it is already far below its peak in historical terms.
▪ The balance of the company's provision is lower in the medium term as a result of the large write-off of the company in the third quarter and the decrease in the provision
The highest-level banks are listed. In 2017, we need to focus actively on the value of corporate assets. We give the economy a continued downswing, credit risks a continuing surge, market systemic risks, corporate business risks, etc.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.