Larged shares (600160) Reported performance in line with expectations, looking forward to the future of the fluorinated industry.
The growth in company performance benefited from a sharp increase in refrigerant prices in the first half of the year, with average prices rising by 45 per cent, 39 per cent, 82 per cent and 102 per cent, respectively, reflecting profitability levels, with refrigerants and raw materials free of hydrohydrofluoric acids and methane chlorides, and price differentials for vinyl chlorides rising by 59 per cent, 67 per cent and 244 per cent respectively.
And 262%. The company has a second-generation refrigerant r, with a capacity of 110,000 tonnes, a third-generation refrigerant, and a complete chain of fluorine and chlor-alkali industries, with a company producing about 80,000 tonnes of waterless hydrofluoric acid, achieving a self-sufficiency rate of around 40%, with a significant increase in the performance of the first half of the year in the significant increase in the price of refrigerants and the spread of price differentials.
In addition, the average price of HFA in the first half of 2017 was $14489 per ton, compared to the average price of $9928 per ton in the same period last year, the company had 100,000 tons of production capacity, and the warming of the HFA operation contributed to the growth of performance in the first half of the year.
\triangleright reached an agreement under the 28th Meeting of the Parties to the Montreal Protocol to limit the use of the third generation of refrigerants, hfcs, which will be phased out in 2019 in the countries of Europe and the United States.
140,000 tons (r134a 60,000 tons, r3.240,000 tons, r.1254 million tons), top global output, complete chlor-alkali industrial chain, with significant cost advantages over the European and Japanese countries. Given the high cost of fourth-generation refrigerants, third-generation refrigerants will remain the main refrigerant varieties for the next decade, and companies will benefit fully from European refrigerant manufacturers.
The increase in market share as a result of the closure of production capacity (Akoma, Europe ' s largest refrigerant manufacturer, closed 100,000 tons of European production capacity in 2016, accounting for 1/3 of Europe ' s total production capacity) and the tightening of domestic environmental policies will contribute to the increased concentration of the fluorinated industry and to the withdrawal of small and medium-deprived production capacity, as well as to the future development of the company ' s fluorinated industry.
Risk of a significant decrease in refrigerant prices; risk of a reduction in demand for downstream air conditioning.
Yang Lin, Bachelor of Chemical Engineering and Technology, Master ' s Degree, Certified Accountant, China University of Chemical Technology, former Director of Chemical Industries, PricewaterhouseCoopers ' Office of PricewaterhouseCoopers, State Securities, Taiping Ocean Securities Institute, first author of 2 papers published in the international prestigious Sci journal, joined the Chemical Corps of the Democratic Securities Institute, April 2017 Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineer, Central University of Technology, Lille, France
In April 2015, research in the basic chemical industry was carried out at the Shanghai Transport University. In May 2017, he joined the Human Resources Institute Chemical Team. More research was done in the following sectors: pvc, rubber and other bulk products and biodegradable plastics, carbon-deep processing, flame retardant, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.