Increased product prices led to high performance, mega-equity (600160) event: companies released performance in the first half of 2017: $6,493 million in revenue, a year-on-year increase
During the first half of 17 years, it benefited from the positive effects of economic stability, structural changes on the supply side, increased regulation of chemical safety and environmental protection, and recovery of downstream demand for fluorinated refrigerants, basic chemicals, petrochemicals, etc.
Prices of major products, such as material, fluorinated polymers, have risen on a year-on-year basis, with a larger price increase for refrigerants in the second quarter, which is the main driving force behind the growth in performance in the first half of the year. □ Refrigerant prices remain high.
The company, as the leader in the domestic refrigerant industry, has a share of production of r22, r32, r125, r134a, not more than 100,000 tonnes, 15,000 tonnes, 35,000 tonnes, 60,000 tonnes, and is in the lead domestically. The prices of refrigerants are now at the end of the downstream demand season, and the prices are down as a whole, of which r22, r32, r125, r134a,
The six-month performance is supporting. Chemical companies are now producing safely, and environmental regulations are tightened, with long-term effects on the supply of the refrigerant sector, which we believe is likely to grow steadily □ e-chemicals.
The company is based on the fluorinated industry, while actively setting up the electronics sector. Access to the wet electronics and special gases sector, mainly through Caysang and Borret, has led to breakthroughs in some areas. Some products as the company’s e-chemical production capacity is gradually released and downstream demand is rapidly growing.
Import substitution is expected, and e-chemicals are expected to become a new engine for the future development of companies, with companies leading domestic fluorinated industries, refrigerant production leading, and active development of e-chemistry.
Appendix: Financial statement forecasts with no rating - no clear investment rating is possible because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments in this report are provided for information purposes only. The information and comments in the report are provided for information purposes.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.