Middle-sea oil suit y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x+y=x=x+y=x+y=x+y+y rig platform daily rate for bottom upswings once again
In-depth report for the Chinese Sea Oil Clothes (601808) Reporting date: March 12, 2023 High oil prices, driving the industry high; 0pec+ maintaining a 2 million barrels/day reduction plan, while the United States crude oil production is expected to increase by Russia
As global demand for crude oil recovers slowly, global crude oil supply remains tight in 2023, oil prices are expected to be high, corporate fuel plates break technological monopolies, expand domestic and foreign markets, and are expected to benefit in the future from rising domestic and foreign-to-domestic rates; core high-technology areas, such as company-directed drilling, are now ranked fourth in the world at 6%.
The supply and demand of the rigs has shifted from a “frozen” to a “frozen” and the daily rate of the rigs is expected to rise back; the effective use of the self-edged rigs has now reached 90 per cent and the effective use of the semi-submarine platforms is close to 90 per cent; the daily rate of the rigs is already on a “floating back); and based on the latest signature from valaris, the daily rate of the self-updating rigs reached $94,000 per day per day in 2023 and the daily rate of the semi-submarine rigs reached $250,000 per day per day.
Shortfall: the global economy is in a state of recession, and demand for crude oil has declined significantly.
Energy security is pushing for more energy development, and the garment industry has a promising future for growth.
Energy security is pushing for more energy development, and the garment industry is growing in time.
China Sea Oil Company, one of the world's largest suppliers of oil uniforms, was established in 2001 by a merger of five companies operating in drilling wells, oil well services and oil exploration under the banner of China Ocean Petroleum Corporation, China Ocean Oil Group Ltd., which currently holds 50.53% of the shares in the Chinese Sea Oil Company, and is the controlling shareholder of the company. The company is China Sea.
1. The binding of China Sea oil, one of the world’s largest suppliers of garments, covers the entire process of exploration, development and production of oil and gas fields.
The global oil field service industry is one of the few suppliers with the capacity to provide integrated services.
In 2021, the combined share of income was approximately 80.54 per cent. In contrast, revenues from ship services and collection and engineering services amounted to approximately 15-20 per cent in previous years; in comparison to the drilling of wells and oilfield technology, the combined income from ships and exploration plates was more stable, amounting to about 15-20 per cent.
With a global presence of about three quarters of the country's domestic market, the company has been operating mainly in China's maritime areas and expanding its overseas markets, now covering and expanding to the six largest regions of Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East, the Americas, Europe, Africa and the Far East, covering more than 40 countries and regions around the world.
1. One of the largest suppliers of oil in China, one of the world ' s largest garments, is currently in the lead industry in the garment industry. The size of the company drilling platform is the world ' s leading industry.
In the long-standing foreign corporate monopoly in the area of directional drilling (including rotation-oriented systems, lwd record-well systems, and mwd logging systems), companies have taken the fourth size of the global market, after three major international uniforms.
Figure: Company equipment, technology, etc., with industry leadership, equipment, technology, etc., are among the leading international counterparts.
Global third - market size for solid wells, global fourth - market size for cable surveyors, global fourth - market size for orientation wells + mwd
The world's fourth, the size of the ship's market, bound to China Sea Oil, one of the world's largest suppliers of garments, the Cartoon Marine Oilsuits track, enjoying the industry.
Energy security is pushing for more energy development, and the garment industry has a promising future for growth.
The impact of the gas cycle in the oil-price-led garment industry The cyclical pattern of the development of the garment companies, whose performance is significantly affected by oil prices, the rise in international oil prices, which is higher than the cost of oil extraction by oil and gas companies, and the obvious earning effect, the increase in capital spending on exploration and development by oil and gas companies, and the high profile of the garment industry;
The low international oil prices, lower profits and even losses of oil and gas companies, reduced spending on exploration and development capital, and the oil and gas industry entered a low-gap period.
Oil prices were historically high in the period 2011-2014 at a price of between $100 and $120 per barrel, well above the oil extraction costs of the oil and gas companies and the oil and gas companies.
During the period 2014-2018, oil prices fell down, even falling by 46% annually, and oil and gas companies slashed their profits, cutting capital spending sharply. During the period, the oil prices experienced a small shock in 2019 to the present and a historic collapse in 2020.
Figure: "Contribution of oil prices - capital expenditure - clothing performance" - China Sea Oil Garment Collection - Billion Dollars - Brent Oil Prices 2.
(oil prices + energy security) – Capital expenditures – performance of uniforms – Transfer mechanism – Recapitulation of the China-China oil uniform collection in relation to China-China oil capital, which is highly correlated with the capital spending of hydrocarbon companies. Domestic hydrocarbon spending is no longer entirely affected by single oil prices, but also by domestic energy security policies.
Oil prices have evolved from the traditional “oil prices — capital expenditure — clothing performance” to “oil prices — energy security — capital expenditure — clothing performance.” Figure: Relationship between the revenue of marine oil uniforms — China oil capital expenditure — China oil prices — 2013-2021
Figure: Oil Prices-Purpose Transfer Mechanism applied in the domestic market 2. Capable marine loading track, industrial upswing, China and China oil precipitation efficiency gains, and production innovation
Since 2013, the cost of barrel oil has declined for seven consecutive years, cumulatively by 41 per cent, reaching $26.34 per barrel production in 2020, and company oil and gas production has been innovatively high. In 2022, production reached a target of 620 million barrels equivalent and 650-660 million barrels equivalent in 2023;
▪ Operating costs, United States dollars/bails depreciation, amortization, sales, other expenses, United States dollars/bails/bunks 2.
(b) The main cost of barrel oil is the historical best price difference with the Brent oil price, with profit per barrel soaring.In the first three quarters of 2022, barrel oil achieved an average price of $101.4 per barrel, with a gross profit of $71.11 per barrel, or 3.86 times that of the same period in 2020;
Figure: Middle Sea oil drums achieved prices that were essentially the same as those of the bront oil prices 2. Capable sea-suit track, enjoying industry upswing, and expected profits from China-Sea oil 2023 to remain at historically high levels
Quantities, calculated on the basis of eia's projected oil price of $97, gas price of $8.14/km3: Quantium China Sea oil in 2023, estimated oil and gas profits of $15.5 billion at the main cost of barrel oil, an increase of 3.5 per cent in the same year, maintaining historical highs; Figure: estimated oil and gas revenues from China Sea oil in 2022 at the cost of the main barrel oil
Figure: China oil and gas profits are expected to double in 2022.
China-China oil capital expenditure is highly correlated with its oil and gas income, as shown by the fact that China-China oil capital expenditure has remained the same overall trend as oil and gas income, but the recovery in capital expenditure has been delayed by about one year in comparison with oil and gas revenue.
Figure: Relationship between sea oil and gas revenues and their capital expenditures for the period 2013-2020
opec projects global demand for crude oil at approximately 101.87 million barrels per day in 2023, an increase of 2.32 million barrels per day over 2022. Global demand for crude oil in 2022 is projected by ihs to maintain a sustained growth of global demand for crude oil in 2023. Annual growth of 2.32 million barrels per day
At the end of 2020, the United States accounted for about 37 per cent, followed by Russia for 17 per cent, Russia for 2.
(b) 10,000 barrels per day, from 43.86 million barrels per day to 41.86 million barrels per day;
Of this, the production target for Oec was revised from 26.69 million barrels/day to 25.42 million barrels/day, and the production target for Non-Opec was reduced from 17.17 million barrels/day to 16.44 million barrels/day;
US crude oil production is growing slowly, and US crude oil production is slowly returning from low levels of the epidemic, and US rotary drilling has risen from the bottom to 650, but 30% of the space remains at its highest point of 984 in 2019. The number of rotary drilling wells is low, and shale oil, which has hit the crude oil market for many years, has had a low short-term impact on the market margins.
2. The Carabinieri Marine Oil Coats track, the number of new wells to enjoy the industry, the limited space for shale oil growth in the United States, the short effective life cycle of shale oil wells, their faster consumption, and high production means a higher number of new well inputs.
For example, by 2016, the number of new wells was roughly the same as the number of completed wells, which may be slightly higher than the number of completed wells; in 2016, as oil prices rose, the accumulation of shale oils rose sharply, and in mid-2018, the number of new wells exceeded the number of completed wells. By contrast, from May 2020 to the present, the number of new wells is far below the number of completed wells, with the largest difference between April 2020 and 207. At present, the number of new wells is low and reflects the low willingness of shale oil producers to invest in capital.
Figure: The number of new wells in the shale oil-producing areas of the United States falls short of the number of wells.
It is the third largest oil producer after the United States and Saudi Arabia, the second largest exporter of crude oil in the world after Saudi Arabia, and the largest total exporter, including finished oil. It exports about 5 million barrels of crude oil per day, about 12 per cent of the global crude oil trade, and about 2.85 million barrels of finished oil per day, about 15 per cent of the global finished oil trade.
According to Oec, Russian crude oil production in 2023 was about 10.13 million barrels per day, 0.9 million barrels per day lower than its production in 2022; Figure: Russian crude oil production in 2023 was about 10.13 million barrels per day, according to Oec data: Oec predicts that Russian production reduction will be compensated for the increase in United States crude oil.
2. At present, the crude oil stock of oecd is at an all-time low, with the United States stock of crude oil and oil falling steadily from June 2020 to its current level of only 1147 million barrels in May 2018.
By the end of 2022, only 3,968 million barrels of OECD crude oil stocks had fallen below their 2014 lowest levels. Figure: United States crude oil reserves are at historically low levels. Crude oil: stocks: OECD: total
— Stock: crude oil and oil (excluding strategic oil reserves): United States: current week's value, millions of barrels.
According to Goldman Sachs' latest oil price outlook (2023.01.10), a strong increase in global oil demand will drive oil prices to exceed $100 this year and Brent crude oil prices may reach $105 per barrel by the fourth quarter of this year;
Figure: ihs projected brent crude oil prices of $97~100 per barrel in 2023.
According to ihs, global upstream capital expenditure on offshore hydrocarbons is projected to reach $15.7 billion in 2023, an 11 per cent increase from 2022; Figure: ihs projected a 12 per cent increase in global upstream investment capital expenditure in 2023, a 11 per cent increase in global offshore capital expenditure in 2023.
One of the world's largest suppliers of marine oil and clothing, the O-carats track, the best industry, energy security, energy development, and prospects for growth in the garment industry.
3. Energy security policy drives the growth prospects of the garment industry to a high level of energy security in the country.
External dependence is rising. Our energy structure is characterized by coal-rich, oil-rich, oil-poor, gas-rich, oil-dependent, and oil- and gas-dependent, with 73 per cent of our crude oil and 43 per cent of our natural-gas-dependent external production as of 2020.
Figure \triangleright: External gas dependency up to 43%: External crude oil dependency up to 73%
3. Energy security policy driven by sustainable growth prospects in the garment industry
In 2019, China introduced a policy to increase energy exploration under the China-China energy strategy. The plan of action for the period 2019-2025 was clearly set out as a requirement for oil and gas development to be implemented.
3. Energy security policy driven by sustainable growth prospects in the garment industry
In 2015/1916, capital expenditure was reversed by more than 30 per cent of the price of oil Even though oil prices were historically low, total domestic capital expenditure on three barrels of oil was reduced by only 12 per cent and remained at a high level in 2020; In 2020, China and China spent the same amount as in 2019, reflecting greater exploitation of offshore oil and gas exploration;
Figure: Total capital expenditure of three barrels of oil for the past year, tied to China Sea oil, one of the largest suppliers of uniforms in the world.
Energy security is pushing for more energy development, and prospects for growth in the garment industry are high. Domestic offshore oil-coat taps, drill-plate daily rates are on the rise. Domestic offshore oil-coat taps, drilling platform daily rates are on the rise.
China Sea oil suits have a strong and fully equipped drilling rig The company operates and manages a total of 57 drilling platforms (including 44 self-incented drilling platforms and 13 semi-submarine drilling platforms); more than 130 offshore work vessels; The rig holds all of its abs/dnv/ccs vessel certificates and is equipped with sophisticated top-drilling devices, high-powered diesel machines, slurry pumps and first-rate drilling equipment such as vibration screens.
\triangleright provides the client with drilling services of 15-10000 feet in depth and 15,000-30000 feet in depth.
Figure: Semi-submarine drilling platforms. Figure: company drilling platforms can operate at depths of up to 30,000 feet. Domestic offshore pipelines.
The company's drilling platform is industry-first in size. According to a 22-year-old report, the company operates 57 drilling platforms, of which 44 are self-edged and 13 are semi-submersible. The industry of scale leads; 4 of 57 are semi-submersible and 16 are overseas;
4. The number of operations of the company ' s drilling platform has exceeded the level at which the price of oil was high by 2014, with the average daily usage of the offshore oil-coating, semi-submarine drilling platform reaching 84.2 per cent and 61.3 per cent;
Figure: Company drilling platform operations have returned to the same 2014 level of self-enhancement platform calendar day usage - semi-submarine platform calendar day utilization 4. Domestic offshore oil hose taps, and drilling platform daily rates have hit the bottom.
(b) Reported in document 2022, the company ' s self-introduction drilling platform and the semi-submarine drilling platform had a daily rate of approximately $71.115,000 per day and the self-introduction drilling platform had a higher rate than in 2014: variation in the drilling platform ' s daily rate
4. During the period of low oil prices, the company ' s heavy asset operations experienced significant impairments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Similarly, in 2020/2011, after a combination of epidemics, crude oil price wars and a rapid transformation of the energy sector, the operating prices and usage rates of some of the company’s large equipment were low and showed signs of impairment, resulting in significant impairments.
Prior to that date, the effective use of self-incentive, semi-submarine (lightwater) drilling platforms was close to 90 per cent. According to s&p data, during the period 2011-2014, oil prices were at an all-time high, global exploration production operations were highly active, with self-incentive, semi-submarine drilling platforms supplied to peak in 2015. The rigs were heavily asset-equipped, long service life cycle, and the market was slow to digest; as of now, the number of self-incentive, semi-submarine drilling platforms had fallen to 493/158, a 9 per cent decrease, 43.8 per cent, respectively;
As of 2023.01, the total usage of self-edged drilling platforms was 79 per cent and of semi-submarine platforms 68 per cent, while the effective use of self-edged drilling platforms was 91 per cent and the effective use of semi-submarine drilling platforms was close to 90 per cent, excluding chilled platforms such as maintenance;
The industry is likely to experience an upswing of the old platform and a reduction in the supply of the new platform.
According to s&p data, there are currently 493 self-propelled drilling platforms, of which 362 are in working condition, 42 are pending signature and 60 are frozen; out of 102 pending or frozen platforms, 62 are old platforms that have been in use for more than 30 years and have been frozen for more than three years, with very limited competitiveness;
(b) In terms of new production capacity, 14 rigs and 3 semi-submarine platforms are currently being built; according to valaris, given the high cost of new construction and the limited capacity of the global shipyards, it is unlikely that there will be a new cycle of platform construction in the future, and that the supply of semi-submarine platforms will remain very stable;
Figure: Global supply and demand table for drilling platforms 4. Domestic offshore pipelines, with daily rates for drilling platforms regressing downwards 2022-2024, demand for self-edged drilling platforms will increase at a complex rate of 11 per cent over the year
4. Domestic offshore oil hose taps, the daily rate of drilling rigs dipped back to the bottom 2022-2024, with demand for semi-submarine drilling platforms growing at a 6 per cent annual compound rate
According to s&p data, the global demand for semi-submarine drilling platforms was 111 in 2022, and is expected to reach 123 in 2023, with an annual rate of increase of 10.81 per cent; The global annual compound demand for semi-submarine drilling platforms is projected to increase by 6 per cent between 2022 and 2027, with a year-on-year upward trend; and the semi-submarine drilling platform has limited capacity at the end of its supply, with a significant increase in the use of semi-submarine drilling platforms and even supply constraints;
Figure: Market demand for semi-submarine drilling platforms increased by 6 per cent from floaterdemandbywellboreppose (rigyars) 4. Domestic offshore pipelines, with drilling platform daily rates regressing
With improved supply and demand, the daily rate of drilling platforms has recovered significantly. Based on s&p data, the effective use of self-edged drilling platforms (light water) and drilling vessels has exceeded 90 per cent, so that 2022q4, the average daily rate of self-edged drilling platforms (light water) has recovered to $99,000 per day, up 39 per cent from the 20/21 level;
Similarly, in 2022q4, the average daily rate for drilling vessels reached $0.402 million per day, double the rate achieved during the same period in 20 years;
Averagedayratesforbenignenvisionjackup averagedayratesfordridrillshipfixtüressigned2
In the industry, the daily rate for drilling platforms at the domestic sea level has risen significantly, reaching a maximum of $450,000 per day.
RMB/day, an increase of 22.9 per cent; Petrobras platform, with purchase orders signed up to 2029, with contract days of $456 million/day, reflecting industry consensus, and the daily rate of drilling platforms showing an upward trend from year to year.
The daily rate is $94,000 per day. In 2024, the daily rate for self-enhancement and semi-submarine drilling platforms was $106.293,000 per day, respectively. Figure: Transocean ' s new single-day rate is gradually rising, reaching $450,000 per day in 2028, valaris 2023 with the daily rate of $9.4/248,000 per day for self-enhancement and semi-submarine, respectively
The company has many years of experience with marine oil field technology and terrestrial field technical services, including surveying wells, drilling fluids, directional wells, drilling wells, production increases, etc.
A full range of technical services in oil fields, which also account for most of China’s market share of technical services in offshore oil fields.
In order to strengthen the well walls, seal the oil, build the oil and gas layers and wells at the bottom of the wells, acoustics, radioactivity etc.
And the water layer, down into a high-quality steel pipe, and the reasonable connection between the tubes, or the measurement of geophysical parameters.
Filled cement empty with tubes and tubes.