On 26th of February, 2025, research assistant Li Yaven.
As a pole company in China’s smart chip field, Waki has focused on research and development and technological innovation in artificial intelligence chips, a matrix of products covering three scenarios – clouds, edges, and terminals – to build a complete ecological system. The company’s equity structure is stable.
The core management has strong industry experience, while at the same time providing incentives to ensure team dynamism and to show confidence in market expansion and growth in business size. The company is expected to achieve business growth in 2024.
With the double push of the surge, there will be a large market space for domestic productivity. The year 2025 will be a year of government and operator numeracy, six departments are scheduled to move to 25 years to build 105eflops smartness, and China's mobile plan will buy 7994 ai servers in 24-25. Internet businesses, especially words, will be able to buy.
Companies like this, with constant additions to capital spending and arithmetic demand, are home-grown, billions of dollars, about $380 billion, compared to the 24-year average of North American cloud producers. We expect that the country’s cloud producers, capex, will continue to grow in space, and hopefully will drive the demand for the chip.
We believe that, thanks to its technological advantages and product layout, Xinjiang is expected to gain a significant share of the market during the next round of growth weeks. Quite cleverly, Xinjiang leads to a new pattern of national production.
The development route of the generic smart chip, combined with high performance and low power consumption, coupled with multiple scenario applications, has a significant advantage over national and international competitors. This is reflected in 1) the "leader" program, which promotes the replacement of the data centre's numeracy, and 2) the company's enhanced product through the continuous roll-out of high performance chips.
Eternal capacity to further consolidate its leadership in the area of national production numeracy; 3) differential design structure, based on an efficient mix of diversified calculations, compared with googletpu.  Profit predictions and investment ratings: companies lead the country’s ai chip, with the ai chip market rules
With the rapid growth of models, companies are expected to rely on the expanding product layout and ecological construction to take advantage of the twin logic of the boom in the ai industry and the arithmetic replacement of national production, and thus enjoy a fixed valuation premium. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “buy-in” rating.
The company's deep-farming product development and the rapid expansion of its product matrix are among the most representative smart chip producers in China.
Founded in Beijing in 2016, branches have now been established in Shanghai, Shenzhen, etc. The typhoid martial arts is an emerging company known worldwide in the field of smart chips, which develops, designs, sells cloud-side integration, hardware and software synergies, trains the convergence of reasoning, has a uniform ecology, has a series of intelligent chip products and platform-based infrastructure software, and provides customers with a wealth of chip products and systems.
Software solutions. Since its inception, the company has focused on the development and technological innovation of artificial intelligence chip products, working on building core processor chips in the field of artificial intelligence to better understand and serve humans. The main business of the company is the development, design and application of artificial intelligence core chips in various cloud servers, peripheral computing devices, terminal devices.
At present, the company’s main product lines include cloud lines, edge lines, ip authorizations, and software. 1.2. Corporate equity structures are stable and core staff incentives are in place
The chairman and general manager of the company, Chen Tiansheu, who holds 28.63% of shares, is the company’s first shareholder. Dr. Chen Tianshek was the company’s second largest shareholder, with 15.73% of shares.
Companies have created and maintained long-term incentives to promote long-term growth. Companies’ restrictive stock incentive schemes for 2020, 2021, and 2023 are still in force.
1.3. Financial analysis: Continued market expansion, with a projected significant increase in income of 2024. Historical data show that smart computing cluster systems constituted the main source of revenue. In 2023, smart computing cluster systems received 31.9 per cent more than in the previous year, reaching $610 million, contributing 85.2 per cent of operating income, mainly because of the company ' s success in Shen.
The smart computing cluster project in yang and Taizhou has sustained a sustained increase in revenues from smart computing cluster system operations. Further progress is expected on the Internet scene in 2024.
The company has opened up the pytorch backend extension plugin to toch-mlu, and has achieved raw hardware support for pytorch, which has fully enhanced the developers’ experience of use and integration efficiency. We believe that the company frequently updates the dynamics of the software ecologically, or that it means that there is more real demand on the client side.
Corporate losses are narrow, and Māori leads comparable companies. In terms of net interest rates, between 2017 and 24q3 account for 53.3 per cent of companies that have not yet made a profit and have accumulated uncompensated losses, mainly because companies maintain a technological preponderance in a highly competitive market to ensure the high quality of smart chip products and underlying system software platforms.
With respect to the Māori rate, the Māori rate of 24q1-q3 is 55.2%, although it is expected that the Māori rate will gradually decrease as the volume of the company’s products rises over 2023. The cost of R&D in companies is reduced, and the cost rate is expected to recover.
The main reason for this is that the company was included in the list of entities in December 2022 by the United States Department of Commerce, Department of Industry and Security (bis), on the grounds of national security and diplomatic interests, and that, as a result of this, the company's strategy was adjusted to temporarily suspend some of the expected low Māori rates.
Figure 8: Corporate R & D costs (millions of yuan) Figure 9: Comparable R & D cost rates
We expect a gradual increase in the number of company orders. Figure 10: Number of company stock and stock swing days (billions of dollars, days) 2. How can we see the market space for home-grown numeracy?
In October 23, the six departments jointly issued the Action Plan for the Quality Development of Arithmetic Infrastructure, which proposes that, by 25 years, the size of the computing power exceeds 300 efraps, with a 35% smartness ratio, corresponding to 105 efraps.
In December 24, Shanghai reoriented its targets by issuing the Implementation Programme on Artificial Intelligence and Modelling of the City of Shin, and by the end of 25, by building a city-wide smartness at a level of 100-e-lops.
In our view, the goal of the Shanghai market in terms of arithmetic capacity-building is exceeding expectations, and the target of most provinces in terms of arithmetic planning is set at 25 years a year, so it is worth focusing on 25 years of government computing. Operators: 23h2-24h1ai servers need more than 17,000 units, corresponding to about 140,000 gpu cards.
China's move was announced in April 24th, with a plan to purchase 7994 i-servers in 24-25 years. Prior to that, the move of the 23-24 bid for i-servers had reached 2,454, and the total number of tenders had exceeded 10,000. Connectivity and telecommunications had also announced their wise purchasing plans in March/October 23, respectively, of approximately 2503/4175.
The server uses 8 gpu cards, which results in a total of approximately 137,000 gpu cards for the four above-mentioned requests for bids for the procurement of the i server.
2.2. Internet: The byte capex has increased significantly, and the need for Internet reasoning has led the country’s cloud producers to increase the capex input, with a clearer supply pattern. Byte beats on the ai, reaching 80 billion yuan in 2024 alone.
In 2025, the budget for capital spending jumped to nearly 160 billion yuan, and the other three combined to 132.2 billion yuan. Thus, capital spending on the country’s four largest cloud producers in 2025 can be roughly calculated at 292.2 billion yuan (youy: +78%).
The supply pattern is still wide. With successive enactments of the 2024 "Captainers' Plan" (h20 is restricted) and the "ai Manhattan Plan", China-United States sanctions have combined to accelerate the replacement of national productivity, and we expect a significant increase in domestic production in 2025.
Figure 15: Domestic cloud manufacturer capex and forecast (million yuan) capex data using Bloomberg ' s consistent expectations; these are fiscal years. 3. Competitive position: future champions of wisdom, new patterns of national production power led by Qinjia
In the context of policies to strictly control energy efficiency, the application of h20 in the domestic market is or will be limited. In July 2024, the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the National Energy Agency, the National Data Agency and four departments issued a report on the green low-carbon development of the data centre.
The special action plan proposes that the new and expanded data centres should use energy efficiency to meet the energy-saving levels and above of server products as set out in the Energy Efficiency `Funners' Evaluation Requirements for Servers and Data Storage Equipment (t/ceca-g0284-2024).The evaluation requests mention that for servers gpu, chips below 14 nm should reach at least 0.5 tflops/w (energy-saving levels).
The advanced level requires a level of 1.0 tflops/w. In contrast to the H20 chip previously supplied to Walter, fp16 amounted to 148 tflops, at a capacity of 400 w, corresponding to 0.37 tflops/w, which does not meet the level of energy savings required for the evaluation. 3.2. Compared to national competitors: the typhoid takes over the first echelon.
In the development of artificial intelligence over the decades, traditional chips have long provided them with the power to calculate the bottom. These are cpu, gpu, dsp, fpga, etc., representing companies such as intel, md, nvidia, arm, etc. But traditional chips do not adapt to rapid advances in artificial intelligence technology and applications in chip architecture, performance, energy efficiency, etc.
The smart chip is a chip designed specifically for the area of artificial intelligence, which includes both generic and specialized smart chips. Unlike other competitors in home-grown computing, companies have significant advantages.
With smart chips, this type of chip is characterized by the basic operation required to cover all kinds of smart algorithms, while performance is more obvious than traditional chip advantage, allowing artificial intelligence to calculate needs for different scenarios and scales. Among domestic competitors, the sea light dccu is a type of gpgpu, with a structure logic relative to cpu.
Simple, but with a larger number of computing units; it is often used to use asic technology to support specific intelligent applications at low-capacity, cost-sensitive terminals, with a relatively simple chip structure and a relatively low technology threshold. Companies believe that there is a high demand for the future human-intelligent market, and that generic smart chips will become the mainstream product of the market.
The company's products are constantly changing and are expected to be the “front line” of national production. On March 21st, 2022, Xinjiang became the official launcher, and the new training accelerated by Kmlu 370-x8. mlu370-x8 mounted the four-chip 4-chips concept 370, integrated into the cold martial arts mlu-linkTM multi-core interconnection technology, mainly for training missions, applying a wide range of Yolov3, Transformer and industry applications.
The parallel performance of the eight-card computing system averaged 155% of 350 wrtxgpu for training purposes. The mlu370-x8 acceleration card has been adapted to the main domestic server partner and has achieved a small comparison of googletpu for clients: the architecture has been designed in thousands of autumns.
In addition to the smart chips developed by the company, the generic smart chip is representative of googletpu. The cold-war processor structure uses different routes. The core of googletpu is the classic pulse array technique, which itself is more efficient for volume operations, but for some of the relatively low-frequency operations (e.g., for some of them).
For the latter, googletpu has introduced additional hardware units to supplement it. For the cold-wart chip structure, the basic operation of algorithms is directly distinguished from high-digit mass, vector, number logic, and in processors, components are calculated by high-dimensional lengths, vector components, conventional calculations, etc.
Logical computing components are treated: high-dimensional volume computing components can efficiently support volume computing, full-connection computing, vector computing components can support calculations such as activation, conventional arithmetic logical computing components can support branch jumps, etc. 4. Profit predictions and investment proposals
The company is leading the country’s ai chip, and with the rapid growth of the ii chip market, the company is expected to rely on a steady decline. According to the company’s 2023 report, the cloud line now includes cloud smart chips, acceleration cards, and training.
In the software ecology, in August, the new-generation framework 3.0-beta cold martial arts page and the paddlex 3.0-beta cold are on the line of the oarmasters; in September, the company opened up a pytoch backend extension plugin to the toch-mlu.
From a geopolitical point of view, the United States has been issuing the "aimanhaton program" and a new round of chip export controls, while the "Operator and Data Storage Facility Energy Efficiency Lead" evaluation requirements.
With more stringent energy efficiency controls, the H20 chip provided by British Weaver to Walter will be limited, and the two-way sanctions imposed by China and the United States will contribute to the accelerated replacement of national production. In combination with the rise in capital spending by domestic cloud producers relative to North America, we expect cloud operations to be restored in 24 years, with large-scale exposures in 25 years.
(2) Smart computing cluster system: In 2023, the company smart computing cluster system registered a significant increase in revenue, up from +32%, with the smart computing cluster system now accounting for the vast majority of revenue. As clustering becomes more important in the one industry, we predict that companies will still be expected to take the form of smart computing cluster systems in the future.
According to the company ' s 2023 report, the company ' s smart computing cluster system operations combine the company ' s self-researched accelerator or training whole-time products with the partner ' s service provider equipment, network equipment, and storage equipment, and are equipped with the company ' s services, generally on a larger scale, and the volume of orders may have a greater impact on the company ' s intake.
The two projects, Shenyang and Taizhou, were taken down in 2023 (of which the Taizhou project was completed). With the introduction and continuation of policies such as the North Kyoto City Arithmetic Infrastructure Development Implementation Programme (2024-2027) and the Plan of Action for Quality Development of the Arithmetic Infrastructure, we hope that the year 2025 will be the year of the government's national productive purchasing capacity, the company will be able to make a difference.
Or more new projects will be acquired and implemented to support the sustained and rapid growth of the cluster collection, and we will look at the industry's high-scene zone (3) and the edge line: the company's marginal business is in the 220 series. As of 2023, the 220th annual paper, the cumulative sales have been out of millions since its release. According to figure 1 here, the 220th is 2019.
Launching the product, which has yet to be seen as an iterative product on the edge of the company, we believe that, in the face of increasing competition in the national chip industry, the company’s marginal product line or some pressure to export, in the overall collection ratio of the company, or in the context of the main business of the cold martial arts, we have chosen the British Weida, the Sealight Information, the Dragon Cube and the Jincai emblem as comparables.
The company. In the field of artificial intelligence, the company's gpu product covers a variety of applications such as cloud-end training, cloud-end reasoning, end-of-life reasoning, especially in the general artificial intelligence chip market at cloud-end (data centre).
High-end processors applied to servers, workstations, dcu deep counting Number 3 is well under way; the Dragon Chain Technology Development Specialized Gpgpu Chips are focused on face in dragon cores; and the company was successful in 2024 in developing high-performance computing modules and wholesome products in the landscape series, which can be applied in the fields of training, ai reasoning and scientific computing.
So far, comparable companies have valued the year 2024-2026 ps at 52/36/28 times. *Ai’s arithmetic as a substitute for national production, there is wide scope for future development, and companies, as leaders of national production of the ai chip, are expected to continue to benefit from a dynamic trend of product advantage.
We believe that the company, which is a scarce national chip chip, is expected to benefit from the booming development of the industry and its ability to calculate, and that the Division uses the same ifnds.
In general, artificial intelligence chip technology is still in its development stage, with rapid technological rotation, and the path to technological development is still being explored and has not yet developed a structure and system ecology with core advantages. If the demand in the industry is not as high as expected, it may affect the price and demand of the company’s products.
Companies continue to stabilize their risks. Companies are currently in a sustained, high-intensity R & D investment phase, through technological innovation, to maintain technology leadership and enhance the market competitiveness of their products. Subject to a combination of industrial policies, the international political and economic environment, market competition, market demand and the productization of R & D technologies, the company’s core technological advantages are translated into performance.
There is a certain lag in entry, and a significant reduction in the volume of household purchases of corporate products or the company ' s failure to continue its partnership with key clients will have a significant negative impact on the performance of the Division.
Risks associated with supply chain stabilization. Companies operate on the Fables model, with suppliers including ip-authorized manufacturers, service providers, crystal-crystal manufacturing plants, and seal testing plants, among others. As the whole industry chain of integrated circuits is a specialized division of labour and a high technology door, the company and some of its subsidiaries have been included in the “substance list” and will create some stability in the company's supply chain.
The switch to a new supplier would have a certain cost, which could have a negative impact on the company’s performance. The three major financial forecasting tables for Xinuki-u.