Nationally produced hydraulic fluids with scarce taps, pump valves plus non-speculated constants.
▪ Engineering and mechanical plates: Focusing on low-cyclical fluctuations, Alfa captures the dividends of the development of the domestic engineering and machinery industry and rapidly rises with product competitiveness, market responsiveness and becoming a domestic production hydraulic system with top-notch technology, customers and production systems
We've seen a steady increase in the domestic engineering and machinery industry since 2016, and we're predicting three marginal changes in life-cycle replacement, machine replacement, and export demand, and we're judging that the volatility of the future industry cycle is significantly weaker than in the last round, and the value of the plate is expected to be revalued.
▪ Through the cycle: Alpha strong in the excavator industry chain, pump valves plus non-speculated re-created constant hydraulic fluids, Alpha strong in the excavator industry chain, with a total collection of cagr 28.68% in 2012-2020, higher than the sales of cagr 13.91% in the excavator industry. In the field of excavator hydraulics, we measure the 2020 state.
The inner dredging tank/digger pump valve/digger motor market was 6.6.88.8.6 billion yuan (total 22 billion yuan) and the company share was 54/27.12 per cent, while the medium/big dredging pump cutter share was 29 per cent.8 per cent. Digger pump valves, motor market spaces were 2.3 times the size of the digger tank, based on the company ' s product nature.
The advantage of price ratios, for example, leads to import substitution, and it is hoped to replicate the success of the excavator tank in the future, and re-create the constant stubble. The market space for non-digger hydraulics is three times as much as in the excavator field, as it is for the company to grow, with both non-digger revenues remaining at the same level in 2012-2020, with broad prospects for future development.
▪ Scarcity: The long slopes of the market for hydraulics are snowy, the technological barriers are giving birth to 100-year-old shops, the global market for hydraulics was 258 billion yuan in 2020, the Chinese market for hydraulics was 77.9 billion yuan, the offshore leader Leislet earned 40.6 billion yuan (16 per cent of global income), and companies grew up with high ceilings.
The hydraulics industry has a high rate of failure in industrialization, with a small number of home-grown businesses making good profits, continuing to deepen the moat in terms of technology, product types, size and customer resources, leading the process of replacement of hydraulics. In 2020, the share of the global income from the hydraulics has jumped to the top five, reshaping it.
Global patterns of competition, growth and profitability continue to lead, home-made castings further stifling the real-estate + high-profit logic. Recapitulating the history of overseas flagship growth, the rise of national industry-backed hydraulics, the “China-made 2025” opening up new space for industrial hydraulics, and corporate R & D + M & D in a timely fashion.
In response to market demand, it is expected to grow into the Kawasaki + Leasler Integrated Hydraulics.  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We expect the company to return its net profits in 2021-23, respectively, to 1.
Builds a constant, long-term hope to grow into a 100-year-old shop of domestic hydraulic fluids.
Risks; pump valve operations are not expanding as expected. Climates continue to grow, scale effects + pumps 3, PHL (601,100): pre-performance
1. Engineering mechanical plates: concern about the scarcity of high alpha hydraulic fluids in low-cyclical fluctuations, the rapid rise of the recovery dividend in engineering machinery, the scarcity of high-end hydraulic fluids in national production, and the rapid rise of workers in the rapid development dividend in the excavator industry.
Upstream, process machinery includes steel, core parts (engine, hydraulic, chassis, etc.) and other components, representing 17%, 70%, 13% respectively. Today, the extent to which hydraulic transmission technology is used has become an important indicator of a country’s industrial level, and hydraulic transmission products are also important tools for industrial automation.
There's the phrase "the one who has to make it is hydraulic and the one who has to be hydraulic." The two rounds of rapid development dividends in the engineering and machinery industry from 2006 to 2011, 2016 to date, with rapid market responsiveness, have become scarce domestic hydraulics with combined advantages such as technology, capacity, customer, etc.. The most extensive and technological application in the hydraulic software market.
One of the highest densities of excavator plates, the company in 2020, has already accounted for 54% of the sales of the country’s dredging tanks. In the future, pumps, valve products and non-digger applications expand into promising enabling companies that travel through cycles to recreate.
New capital: covers 5 g base stations, real estate: steady growth in development investment, from major construction projects: moving forward with major capital projects
Gears, big data centres, manual labor 959.7 billion yuan in 2015 increased to 2020: rows and capital investments along the "one-way" route, intelligence, industrial Internet, etc.
1.2. The industry cycle is expected to be significantly weakened, and the value of the plate taps is revalued. Engineering machinery is the largest downstream in the hydraulics industry, accounting for 41% in 2019.
It consists of raw materials, sophisticated castings and accessories, including steel, pump valves, seals, assistive materials, etc. The middle-stream is a liquid-pressure-producing enterprise, including the giants of the overseas Leisure, Kawasaki, etc., as well as the country's giants, Eddie, and the high-end liquid-pressure pump valves, motors and other high-profit markets are now largely occupied by overseas leaders, as domestic firms break through the technological ladder.
There are a wide range of applications downstream, covering engineering, aerospace, metallurgical, ship and seawork, and new energy sources. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the percentage of engineering machinery in hydraulic downstream applications reached 41% in 2019, the largest downstream; other major downstreams include 11% for metallurgical machinery, 10% for aerospace, and other areas (sea and sea).
Figure 2: Hydraulics, upstream and downstream industrial chain mapping The domestic engineering and machinery industry has experienced a cliff breakdown that has led the market to remain cautious about the sustainability of the industry.
Since 2018, engineering and machinery pe has fluctuated 15-20 times, and market value growth has been driven largely by net profits. In 2021, performance elasticity and profit-side growth have led to flat investment opportunities. In the next few years, we expect cycle fluctuations to be contained in trillions of investment plus environmental regulations, and the domestic dredging industry has grown significantly.
The sharp end + credit overdrafts, and the excavator industry dropped significantly from 170,000 in 2011 to 50,000 in 2015. The total revenue fell from $900 million in 2011 to $400 million in 2015, down overall from less than in the excavator industry, driven by artificial + export, the industry’s landscape has grown and its share has risen.
Volatility is significantly weaker than in the last round, and the base for the development of the real-estate hydraulic market is tightened. The need for replacement of the life of the old excavator, supported by the need for replacement of the 2021-2023, is sustained; the need for replacement of the excavator, supported by the need for replacement of the excavator, is increased by the increased cost of labour and the rate of mechanization; the increase in future capital investment is not pessimistic; the replacement effect of the excavator on the loader is increased; and the demand for new excavators is increased.
Looking to the future, we judge that the domestic dredging industry moves from a strong to a weak cycle, with industry fluctuations significantly weaker than in the previous round, with three core logics: (1) the advantage of a pan-robot platform leads to a diversity of applications that will continue to replace humans and other types of machines.
In the future, global excavators will show a weak cyclical trend.1 The application landscape is wide and the replacement of other types of machines is ongoing: excavators are the most widely applied and highly technologically dense species in the engineering and machinery industry, and alternatives to other types of machines are indicators of the maturity of a country’s engineering and machinery industry.
For example, alternative loaders: before 2017, domestic loader sales had been higher than excavators, mainly because of lower technology doors and sales prices. With the rise in the level of home-grown excavation mechanisms, the share of Chinese excavators in soil-based machinery rose from 24% to 72% in 1990-2020, while in Japan it rose from 84% in 1990 to 97% in 2019.
For excavators and loaders, the ratio of excavators to more than 80 per cent is estimated to be 500,000 per year, and domestic excavators can be sold to more than 400,000 per year.2 The robotic attributes are superior, and the replacement of artificial space is still extensive: the excavators have the attributes of a diversified work platform.
Small and medium digs are based on performance and price advantages, which are more pronounced than artificial robotic properties. The move below the size of the excavator leads to the logic of weakening cycles as follows: (a) values below medium and large digs, leading to greater diversity of downstream applications; (b) shorter useful lives, weaker properties of capital and enhanced consumer goods; and (c) replacements as labour costs rise.
In developed countries, sales of micro excavators below 6t account for more than 50% of excavators, compared to less than 30% in my country, less than 10% in emerging countries such as India, and the space for global demand for small-scale excavations is still vast. (2) The development of the market for Euro-American-Japanese: as the industry matures, the cycle of excavators necessarily weakens.
As the engineering industry matures, the excavator accounts for a larger share of the industry, making a larger contribution; and as demand increases, tons of excavators.
Downward shifts and life spans are reduced and cyclical. (3) “Renewing + People + Exports” demand driven, supporting 300,000-400,000 domestic dredgers’ annual demand over the next decade: 1 updated demand: the previous cycle was a net incremental demand, influenced by fluctuations in capital, real estate, etc.
The year-life replacement cycle, with 110,000 small digs required for a net increase of up to 13t in 2020, is the core driving force behind the incremental demand for this round. In 2020, less than 30% of developed regions such as Europe and the United States accounted for more than 50% of microdigging (#6t) and less than 30% in China.
As the construction industry increases its human cost and miniaturization becomes a future trend, we expect small diggers to become industry leaders 3-country brands to be globalized: only Xu's top 10 in 2011, the world's top 50 engineering manufacturers, China's share of product cards in 2020, surpassing the United States and Japan as the world's number one producer, and the world's national product, Trina, has become the world's top producer.
In the first five years, the country’s product plate is expected to be globalized over the next three to five years, with an excavator exporting 48 per cent of the cagr from 2015 to 2020, we. 2. Through the cycle: Alpha strong in the chain of the excavator industry, pump valves + non-marked volume re-establishment 2.1. Alpha strong: flexible deployment of non-excavated capacity, fearless industrial cycle fluctuations
(1) The previous round of industry lows (2011-2015): the annual sales in the excavator industry dropped from 177,000 to 56,000; the total sales in the excavator industry were 13.91%, which was higher than the overall increase in excavator sales, including an increase in the company’s share of the excavator tank, but more dependent on the expansion of non-diggered fields. The difference between the excavator and the non-digger sector is more pronounced in the cycle below the excavator.
The dredging industry underwent a period of adjustment in 2011 - 2015, when the company ' s heavy machinery supported its performance with a non-standard tank operation, received an increased share of pump valves + an expansion of non-digging operations, and effectively enabled companies to cross the cycle.
Figure 12: The revenue from the non-square tank in 2012 - 2020 has been rising consistently; the volume of machine sales has increased by 13.9 per cent; there is a recovery period in the Alpha (2) industry (2016-to date), and companies actively grasping the boom in the excavator industry, the plate of the excavator.
The revenue ratio rose from 50 per cent in 2015 to 70 per cent in 2020. In 2020, the company ' s two main business tanks and pump valves earned 4.5 billion yuan (57 per cent of total revenue) and 2.3 billion yuan (30 per cent of total income): (1) the tank: 1 excavator oil, 3.1 billion yuan, or about 70 per cent of the tank ' s plate; and 2 non-scaling tanks: mainly high-altitude operating platforms, new energy sources (light).
Volves, photovoltaic power stations, offshore wind power, tidal power generation, etc.), shields, marine marine workers, total revenues in 2020 of 1.4 billion yuan, or about 30 per cent of the tank block revenue. (2) Hydraulic pump valves: 1 excavator pump valve: about 90 per cent of the pump valve revenue in 2020, with the main products being high-pressure cylindrill pumps for excavators and multi-road valves for excavators; 2 non-digger valves: income from pump valves in 2020
The company’s other operations include fittings and castings, hydraulic systems. Figure 15: Digger tanks accounted for 70% of the constant hydraulic tank product in 2020. Figure 16: Digger valves accounted for 90% of the persistent hydraulic valve product in 2020.
From 2016 to 2020, the company’s engineering machinery client penetration rate and stock sales were recorded, and in 2020 the main customers were made up of the pioneer dredgers, including trio, willow machines, Xu, Caterpillar, Central Quaker, and Shan River intelligence. The share of the top five clients fell from 59% to 45% by 2012-2017.
Mainly due to the fragmentation of the product structure and an increase in the share of revenue from the non-trail tank; since 2017, the top five clients of the company have gradually risen to 64 per cent in 2020, mainly due to: 1 company capturing the recovery dividend in the excavator industry and vigorously developing the excavator tank and pump industry valve operations, product structural concentration; 2 company product penetration rates have increased rapidly in the core core of the excavator and customer structure
2.2. Excavator plate: Pump valves are expected to replicate the successful path of the tank, re-create a constant hydraulic pressure 2.2.1. The process of domestication is continuing. Hydraulics are the cornerstone of a country’s industry.
Hydraulics are largely provided by the overseas hydraulic giants, Bo Shizuku and Kawasaki. In recent years, constant tile hydraulics have become part of the supply system for the taps of the dredging machines, but there is still a wide range of alternatives to high-end hydraulics.
In 2011–19, the trade deficit in the hydraulic sector fell from 18.9 billion yuan to 3.5 billion yuan, the size of exports rose from 3.2 billion to 8.7 billion, and the increase in the hydraulic industry’s strength reduced the trade deficit from year to year.
Pump valves and motors are more difficult and more valuable than tank technology. According to Chinese Industrial Research Institute data from 2019, hydraulics/engine/breathings are 33/15/22 per cent of the cost of excavator production, and hydraulics dominate. In hydraulic systems, tanks, pumps, valves, motor technical barriers and values are higher, according to Chinese fluids.
IAGC data, hydraulic pumps in the hydraulic system of excavators and 27/27/18 per cent in the motor/hydrate valve/hydrate tank, respectively. Figure 21: Summary of pump/valve/cylinder value in hydraulics 2019
Figure 20: Hydraulics accounted for 33% of the cost of excavator production in 2019.
The company developed and built sanitation vehicles and mechanical hydraulic tanks in ports in 1992, began investing in excavators in 1999, continued to increase its share in domestic excavators in 2006 and moved into foreign investment systems such as Carter, and in 2020, the share of excavator oil sold reached 54%, with product strength subject to market certification.
(b) Short delivery periods, usually 1 to 2 months, faster than 3 to 4 months in Kawasaki and 6 months in Leisure;
In the future, corporate pump valve products are expected to replicate the successful path of the tank and re-create the constant hydraulic pressure. Corporate tank technology is more mature, pump valve product technology is gradually able to meet domestic mainframe demand, based on excellent product value for money and counter-markets.
The process of substitution for domestic production is ongoing. The validation cycle for downstream mainframe plants is longer, typically home-grown for 6 to 12 months and 12 to 24 months, but once a hydraulic device is certified, it will be used heavily on a certain type of machine. We believe that with the company pump valve product moving into the mainstream customer supply system, it is possible to replicate the success of the tank.
2.2.2. Tanks: The strength of the product has been validated by the market, and there is still room for improvement, and we measure the size of the domestic digger tank market at $6.6 billion in 2020, of which the size of the small, medium and large digger market is $2.320/24 billion, respectively. In 2020, the volume of domestic excavators (including exports) was 328,000, with four oils based on one excavator.
The size of the Digger tank market in 2020 was $6,617 million, of which the size of the Digger tank market grew to $8,396 million in 2020 and the market size was 8.26 per cent in 2020-2023.
We measure the company’s share of the digger tank market in 2020 at 54% and keep up the upswing. According to the Department’s announcement, the volume of the excavator tank sold was 55/30%/ 15%/deep tank output in 2020, and we expect the company’s share of the digger tank to be 54% by 2020, compared to +3pt; of these, the small/medium/large digger tank
The share is 49%-61%-62%, while the share of the small digger tank is lower than the share of the small digger tank, and we expect to maintain a self-contained percentage of the main mainframe manufacturer's digger tank. Currently, the company's capacity is full, it has an advantage over foreign capital's taps in terms of value for products, short delivery cycles, etc., and as the company expands to important downstream customers, we expect the company's share in the sale of the digger tank.
Looking ahead: (1) Excavator tank capacity released a small increase in its share, and company performance grew faster than market expansion. The company has been full of fuel tank production over the years, with capacity rising year by year, and we now expect small tank production to be about 50,000/month, medium-digging to be about 30,000/month, large-scale drilling to be about 10,000/month, and non-flagged tank production to be about 15-20 million/month (excavator and non-marked lines can be used).
Based on the company's increased production capacity and efficiency, we expect the company's sales of excavator tanks to be 8.26% of the size of the 2020 field. (2) The non-scopic tank ratio is expected to continue to rise and contribute to elasticity. The company's non-diggering business can be divided into four sections: high machine, seaman, shield, new energy, and the company's non-scopic tank revenue in 2020 was 13.70%.
Billion dollars, or 30% of the tank’s gross revenue. In the future, the company will expand the product line to smooth-digger tank plates. Pump valve motors: the market space is more than two times that of the tank and re-creates the constant hydraulic pressure.
The company ' s hydraulic pump valve products consist mainly of high-pressure cylindrical pumps for excavators, multi-road valves for excavators, which in 2020 accounted for more than 90% of the company ' s pump valve revenue. The average price of a pump valve for a single excavator is 1.1/middle/large dig pump valve at an average cost of $0.03/510 million, and the market size of the pump valves in 2020 is $0.0804 billion.
In 2020, we measured a 37% share of the sales of the persistent hydraulic pump valves, of which the share of the small, medium and large pump valves was 46 per cent/29 per cent, while the share of the medium and large pump valves continued to raise space. In 2020, the corporate hydraulic pump valves received a total of 2,338 billion yuan, of which the non-label pump valves (mainly the high machine pump valves) and the motor combined accounted for about 10 per cent of the total.
The valve earns about $1.9 billion, the excavator has a 27 per cent share of revenue, which is rapidly rising from the 2019 year-on-year +11pc, and we measure the size of the excavator motor market in 2020 at $6.6 billion, and the excavator pump valve + motor market at 2.3 times the size of the excavator tank.
In 2020-2023, we expect the share of the company ' s excavator motor sales to be 3.8%. Looking ahead, pump valves + motors can be released to support the company ' s rapid expansion of its share.
2.3. Non-digging plates: significant performance growth poles, enablers through cycles Hydraulic pressure market is less volatile than the excavator market, and non-diggers are important performance stabilizers for companies.
The company’s revenues in high-altitude operating vehicles, new sources of energy (photovoltaic power, wind power in the sea, etc.) are growing rapidly, cement pumps and crane pump valves are achieving large volumes of loaders, and will continue to expand product types and customer partnerships in the non-digger sector in the future. As the excavator industry is growing at a steady pace, we anticipate that they will not.
During the year, 70 per cent gradually fell below 50 per cent, and the product structure was optimized to smooth a single industry cycle. Figure 29: The market for hydraulics fluctuates less than the dredging cycle, and the non-digging business will effectively level the cycle.
Products include drilling drills, shielding machines, bridge construction equipment, hangers, etc., guaranteed 15-30% of the same speed increase under excavators in 2012-2016, with enabling companies levelling the cycle; companies ' non-digger valve products include high-altitude operating vehicles, cranes, pump vehicles, swipe drills, directional drills, etc. In addition, companies have started to develop industrial pumps, scale electromagnetic valves, etc.
Non-diggered business plates are used as corporate performance stabilizers, enabling companies travel through cycles. Non-diggers are promising: car cranes, arm high-altitude platforms, for example, in 2020.
In the non-digging area of engineering machinery, the need for hydraulics for domestic vehicle cranes and arm high-altitude platforms is also significant. One high-altitude platform pump valve each, four walk motors, and two large fuel tanks with a total value of about $70,000.
For $41,000; because of the single speed of action, the tank is simple, and the development and manufacture of pump valves is close to the excavator pump valve. We measure the size of the hydraulics in the vehicle cranes and high-altitude platforms in 2020 at 22.2.136 billion yuan, or 3.59 billion yuan, which is not in line with the market size of the excavator hydraulics, but non-digger hydraulics are an area where companies have not yet made a significant amount of reclamation.
The company’s raw materials consist mainly of steels, castings, etc., of which steel is the largest, with the cost of raw materials accounting for 36.42% of total revenue in 2020 and a total cost of 65.23%. In terms of product materials, the share of found steel is higher than that of a tank pump valve, and we expect.
The cost of steel for the company ' s oil tanks, pump valves, foundries are about 20%, 10%, and 60% of the income. On a weighted average of the three major operations ' income size in 2020, we measure the cost of steel as a share of the company ' s total income/total cost, respectively, carbon peaks, carbon neutralization and policy implications, as well as the impact of inadequate downstream supplies in April, and steel prices have continued to rise since the beginning of 2021.
As of 22 June, the screwdriver and plate index had fallen to about 20 per cent over the early part of the year, and we expected the steel to rise on average, with black-line raw materials falling, and steel prices, such as hot rolls, reaching their peak in early May, a 45 per cent increase over the earlier part of the year, followed by a fall in prices, with the price of hot rolls falling to 20 per cent as of 6 July.
Under three factors: duration, policy repression, and high stocks, we judge that steel prices are not strong enough to rebound. By gathering, scale effects, and falling costs, companies are expected to boost the q3 Māori rate, and the net interest rate is stable throughout the year. Scarcity: long slopes in the market for hydraulics, technological barriers that give birth to 100-year-old shops.
In 2020, the global market for hydraulics was 258 billion yuan, and in 2012-2020, yoy was controlled at ~10%. Root, the domestic market for hydraulics was 77.9 billion yuan in 2020, with the largest downstream engineering and mechanical recovery driving a steady recovery.
According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the share of engineering machinery in downstream applications of hydraulics reached 41% in 2019, the first-largest downstream. In 2011-2016, the engineering and machinery industry entered an adjustment period, followed by the downside of the domestic hydraulics market. Since the second half of 2016, the domestic engineering machinery has entered a winding-up and the hydraulic market has recovered, and the market size of the market has increased since 2016-2020.
According to data from the China Association of Hydraulic Aerodynamic Seals Industry, Marketsandmarkets, the domestic market for hydraulic materials was 77.9 billion yuan in 2020, or 3.74 per cent of the year, and was estimated to be approximately 31.9 billion yuan in 2020, according to 41 per cent of the engineering machinery.
The percentage of downstream engineering machinery applications is 41%, and the non-divide plate space is about three times that of the excavator. The hydraulic system is widely applied to the equipment manufacturing industry and is more decentralized downstream, mainly engineering, aerospace, metallurgical, and so on. Process machinery is the largest downstream market for hydraulics, with 41% in 2019, which is essentially the same as in developed countries.
Other applications of hydraulics range from 9% to 9%, 9% and 8% respectively. In 2020, global hydraulics stood at 25.8 billion yuan and China at 77.9 billion yuan, accounting for 60% of engineering machinery according to the value of excavator hydraulics.
3.2. The market for hydraulics is highly concentrated, technical barriers breed 100-year-old shops, and the global market for hydraulics is highly concentrated, and technical barriers and industrial chains are accompanied by 100-year-old great enterprises.
Hydraulics involve a variety of disciplines, such as materials, electronics, structurals, high-end pumps, valves that break out of time, quality and stability that are vital to the mainframe plant, and certification periods are long. Hydraulic techniques have developed more mature abroad, with high industrial concentration: Eton is the cornerstone of the wire-wiring component, and still is.
One of the main areas is that of the production of hydraulic components, built on 100-year-old casting technology, which has been consistent in its quality. Two countries have been able to develop downstream industrial chains: in terms of overseas experience, the product side of the giants, such as Leslie and Kawasaki, has different weights, which are essentially closely related to the regional host customer's endowments, downstream mainframe plants (engineering machinery, shipbuilding, shipping).
The development of space space, industrial manufacturing, etc. will lead to the development of a country’s upstream supply chain industry, especially its core parts supply system. The global market for hydraulics in 2020 was 34.8%, the first four being German, American, and Japanese.
China’s leader is a global leader, reshaping the pattern of global competition. In 2020, the market for heavy labour was 15.7%, 8.8%, 5.3%, and 5.0%, respectively, in Bo Shilling, Pic Hannière, Eton and Kawasaki, with a combined market share of 34.8%. There is a clear trend of fragmentation compared to 2012 (46.4%), mainly from China’s long head (the constant hydraulic pressure and Eddie’s precision)
Between 2012 and 2020, the NHL and the EDD precision global occupancy rates were 28.68 per cent and 31.78 per cent, respectively, higher than in the same period, when Leisler/Pike/Eton/Thonzaki was a global leader in corporate hydraulic profitability and asset excellence. The MH/N interest rate for LH was higher than in 2020.
The main components are: a scale effect: the continued high growth of downstream industries plus the rising market share of corporate products, and rapid growth in corporate income patterns, which drive fixed cost amortization such as manufacturing costs, time costs, etc. 2 product structures are concentrated + customer quality: the development journey is looking at corporate product lines as being more concentrated and more applied to high-growth, high-profit customers.
Pump valves are quick to react to the offshore dragon market. 3 Castries have a downside effect: Stereo hydraulics are a few hydraulic producers capable of producing their own pieces. In 2020, raw materials such as foundries cost up to 60% of the cost of their own products, and we've judged that they can contribute to the company’s net interest rate of about 10 pct. In addition, they can be effectively controlled.
The cost pressures of producing raw materials rise. As the size of the pieces rises, there is still room for downside costs. 4 Research and development to optimize production processes: through continuous research and development inputs, companies continuously optimize their product processes to maintain product quality and price advantage, while at the same time having excellent profitability.
3.3. National production of high-end hydraulics is scarce, from national production to global supply of 3.3.1. Technologies: The rate of failure in the industrialization of hydraulics is very high, the constant hydraulic pressure is unopposed in the country, the technical + financial + certification period is a barrier, and the rate of failure in the industrialization of high-end hydraulics is very high.
High barriers: multidisciplinary cross-cutting of hydraulic techniques, difficult processing of precision parts, high time requirements for testing and measurement techniques; 2 high financial inputs: sophisticated parts production requires large amounts of automated production lines and high-precision processing equipment, which are largely imported and expensive in the country; 3 long validation cycles: mainframe plants have a 10-year period of validation and hydraulic pressure
In order to survive, producers need adequate financial support; since the 1980s, several domestic firms have been cutting through the pain of high-end hydraulics being “cracked” by expensive drilling of hydraulic technology, but most projects have paid little, without the approval of the mainframe, and the enterprise is eventually going bankrupt.
The current level of technology, the range of products, and the abundance of products are far greater than that of other domestic producers. The constant hydraulic pressure is the only industry in the country that continues to achieve technological breakthroughs in the field of high-end hydraulics and is widely recognized by the host plant, both at home and abroad.
3.3.2. Size: to capture the rapid rise of each industry dividend, pre-empting advantage HQ to capture the growth dividend of the domestic engineering and machinery industry, closing the gap with its peers since 2016.
Thanks to product competitiveness and market responsiveness, the constant hydraulic pressure has captured the two rounds of recovery in the engineering and mechanical industry from 2006 to 2011, from 2016 to the present and from 2011 to 2011 to return to the mother ' s net profit of 1,130 million/250 million and 320 million/50 million, respectively, with the advantage of the initial size of the constant hydraulic pressure. Since 2016, the constant hydraulic pressure has been the same.
Once again, the line sizes of the long-term hydraulic fluid pressure/Addee precision/Long-age hydraulic camp collected 1.370 billion/400 million/140 million in 2016, with a high volume and rapid growth, with a significant initial advantage. Figure 43: Sustained hydraulic pressure/Addee precision/Long-age hydraulic pressure net return to the mother in 2009-2010
Shade size 3.3.3. Castes: Shades are hydraulic, line extension + high profit logic is maintained
In the process of smelting, product alloy content fluctuates according to the mechanics attached to the hydraulic products under high pressure.
In sand core preparation, the hardness of the surface of the hydraulic casting core is within 10%, while the vehicle engine is generally 30-50%. Currently, the domestic hydraulic pump valves have a useful life and failure rate is less than that of the main chain of high-precision casting production of overseas products, and the upgrading of the production process to replace the national product has to be combated.
Table 12: The manufacture of hydraulics is divided into three main components: casting, mechanical processing and assembly testing; casting processes for fine castings: smelting - > thermal treatment - > sand core preparation - > barbering - > cleaning, etc.; 2) casting, exercise, rod processing processes: coarse machinery processing - > thermal processing - > fine mechanical processing - > > hair-cleaning - > rust prevention, etc.;
3) assembly of hydraulic elements using standard and modifier elements: cleaning - > assembly - > testing - > > cleaning - > spraying, etc.
Enterprises that have met the criteria, the Stifler foundling plant uses German equipment, wet sand-type processes, and has an international first-class product validation and testing process, which ensures product conformity and quality, has achieved bulk production of foundries in 2017 so that they are no longer subject to outsourcing of foundries and effectively reduce their own hydraulic production costs.
More than 98%, with a sales volume of 62,000 tonnes, with a 97%/94% rate of multi-road valve foundries/middle- and large-diggered valves. The foundry is heavily funded, making it difficult for SMEs to access it.
In 2020, 6.22% of the company ' s spare parts and pieces were produced, mainly in-house, while the castings were heavily invested in phase two, and the capacity was not fully released. In the future, as the size of the pieces increased, the castings increased.
Māori still has room for upswing. High-quality casting technology hardens the foundation for forward-looking development, and the constant product line expansion + high profit-rate logic sustains: (1) With a few offshore leaders, Lechler is a home-made foundry with a product line abundance and income.
Richmond was a foundry that was founded in 1795, acquired the German Iron Shack company Steinschen in 1850, started working on hydraulic components in 1952, and merged in 2001 into the current world scaly. Casts are the foundation and the key to hydraulic material production, and their quality and capacity directly affect hydraulic products.
Casts are core components of hydraulics, which account for a high proportion of the cost of hydraulics. The cost of raw materials, such as company foundries, was 65.23 per cent of the cost of operating in 2020, and the company's foundled pieces were largely self-sufficient, and we judged their drop-down contribution to 10 pct.
Founding self-contained, consistent hydraulic pressure ensures product quality stability and a more flexible hedge against the risk of rising raw materials, safeguarding product value for good at the same time, with excellent profitability. In 2020, consistent hydraulic pressure achieved a Māori rate of 44.10% and a net interest rate of 28.79%, which is significantly higher than that of the overseas giants. Based on the high technical barriers to the hydraulic industry, and the advantage of syrup self-forming foundries, I
3.3.4. Clients: The brand is highly recognized and looks forward to non-digging extension. The company covers high-quality customers in downstream industries, the brand is highly recognized, and future non-digger outreach is expected to succeed in transplanting.
Carterpile, Kubota, Trinity, and Manitowooc are some of the world’s most well-known host companies. They sell 80% domestically, 60% globally, and move from a small shield tank to a large hard rock-digging tank. The company’s brand is highly recognized.
3.4. Recapitulation of the success of overseas taps, with clear growth paths. 3.4.1. Downward winds: seizing the rise of downstream accompaniment industry development opportunities
The growth of hydraulic giants such as Leisle, Eton, Kawasaki is supported by downstream accompaniment industries. For example, local German automobiles, machines, engineering machines, etc. are well-developed, with well-known car/truck producers such as the general public, Mercedes, BMW, Mann, and Liberhai.
The world-famous manufacturers of architectural engineering and machinery, such as those of the world, such as the Linder forklifts, the DeMaggio machine, and others, have supported the emergence of JFK as a hydraulic giant. The Kawasaki Heavy Worker has developed to be driven by the downstream shipbuilding industry and the engineering and mechanical industry.
The establishment of the Kawasaki Land Building Institute responds to Japan’s need to modernize the shipbuilding industry as an island nation in the mid-1919’s. After 1992, Japan’s shipbuilding industry was shaken by the appreciation of the yen after the square agreement and the rapid rise of the Korean shipbuilding industry, but Kawasaki’s diversified + globalized layout gave it a relative capacity of alpha and six causes in 2021.
The Ministry, with 43% of operating income from overseas, helped companies to move through the cycle. The high level of heavy labour in Kawasaki between 2016 and 2021 was sustained in almost 30 years, mainly due to the recovery of the Chinese engineering and machinery industry, and the collection of cagr by the Ministry of Fine Machinery and Robots in Kawasaki between 2016 and 2021 was 12.6%, making a major contribution to the revenue growth in Kawasaki.
The number of excavators produced by Chinese factories prior to 2011 depends on the number of tanks that used to supply the world’s two main tanks, Kyb and Tungyang.
To break the dilemma of foreign brand monopolizing excavator tanks, the constant hydraulic pressure has worked with Trio to develop and establish technical standards such as parameters, materials, etc., and has improved the quality of the tanks as a whole. In 2006-2011, the domestic excavator industry entered a high-viewing cycle, the excavator was in short supply, the constant hydraulic pressure was matched by trio-cylinders, with a rapid increase in the market occupancy of the national excavator.
From 2012-2015, when the excavator industry entered a period of readjustment, the company turned to a major effort to develop non-scaling tanks, offering “downstream diversification” and “client diversification” to smooth the cycle. From 2016 to the present, the excavator industry recovered strongly, and the company seized it again.
Figure 52: The collection of titanium hydraulics is highly correlated with the sale of domestic excavators, with a strong Alpha  constant operating income (billion yuan)  Chinese excavator sales are equal to vov
– The constant business income yoy excavator industry is back up, the company is moving into the fast track, the process mechanics industry is growing.
Beneficiary excavators, the epidemic has accelerated, the excavator industry has significantly reduced sales, and the excavator tank business.
The core parts of the wheels are blocked; the non-turbing tanks open for new downstreams and are replaced by 15-year gold.
To contribute nearly half of the revenue; successfully cut into Caterpillar, the sea has kept the cost of R & D for the country's "one brother, Lisbeth, at 5-7% for years, and high R & D investment has been a source of R & D for Lisbeth.
Lines are extremely rich and can be divided into nine categories, such as industrial hydraulics, walking machines, among them 15 industrial hydraulic products, and nine mechanical hydraulic products. In 2020, companies achieved operating revenues of Euro5.17 billion, R & D investments of Euro330 million, which amounted to 6.3 per cent, and have remained at 5-7 per cent for many years, higher than the German industry average (2019).
Le Wu Xiao Xin, who is a very rich and new product, has always been a leader in the industry and has given the company a great deal of stability in its performance.
Unable to split the income from hydraulic operations, the R & D rate for the heavy workers in Kawasaki remains at around 3%, enhancing the competitiveness of the industries’ products. The R & D rate for the heavy workers in Kawasaki remains at around 3%.
Research and development inputs have enabled Kawasaki to adapt to changing global markets and social needs, adapting product layouts to downstream industry landscapes and developments. In 2016-2021, demand increased in the engineering and machinery industry, with precision machinery and robotics (which usually combines precision machinery and robotics) increasing their share of revenue from 9 to 16 per cent; and shipbuilding schedules.
R & D investment has increased steadily in recent years, reaching $310 million in 2020, compared to 28% in the same year, and research and development investment in 2008-2020, cagr.
For 32.70 per cent, R & D investment accounts for more than 4 per cent of revenue over the years, and remains high in the industry. In 2020, NHL actively expanded and deployed overseas markets through new companies in the United States, Japan, etc., with specialized hydraulic R & D bases in Berlin, Chicago, China, Shanghai, and Changzhou, with over 600 R & D staff.
Continued R & D inputs enable companies to maintain the high competitiveness and profitability of existing products while developing new products to respond in a timely manner Market demand: 1 “LED” allows the intellectual + power transfer advantage of hydraulic systems to become the base of hydraulic industries. In 2019, subsidiary hydraulic technology developed large-volume industrial application pumps, medium-sized full power valves, delivered to clients.
Pilot loading. The company successfully developed a series of 8-70t excavators in 2020, and its revenues are expected to increase significantly if the downstream mainframe plant begins to take power; and the v30g, which applies to industrial pumps, such as seaworks, shields, test stations, etc., accelerates the diversification of corporate hydraulics products.
Figure 57: Total income by business of constant hydraulic pressure in 2020 Cylinders, hydraulic pump valves containing master pump valves for excavators, industrial pump valves, hydraulic horses 3.4.3. M&A routes: effective break-through of industrial barriers and rapid entry into new markets
Mergers and acquisitions are the main routes through which hydraulic giants expand product lines, upgrade technology, and achieve global layouts. Hydraulics are characterized by high technical barriers, high upfront input costs, long client validation cycles, and M&As are a highly efficient way to absorb advanced technologies and quickly penetrate global markets.
Research and development + production is globalized, and constant hydraulic pressure accelerates the process of internationalization. Companies, in response to the opening of global markets, have acquired high-profile enterprises in hydraulic fields such as Haweinline hydraulics, and the Japanese clothing industry’s elites, and have absorbed advanced technology.
In the future, companies will increase their outreach M&As and fully implement the “Go Out” strategy. To date, companies have built four hydraulic R&D centres and nine production manufacturing bases in China, Germany, the United States, Japan, and India, serving more than 2,000 top customers worldwide, with major markets covering more than 20 countries and regions.
4. Prospective profit and investment proposals: (1) Excavator tank: the company ' s share of excavator tank expanded, with 54 per cent of domestic sales still rising in 2020
In the meantime, performance has grown faster than industry expansion. We expect that sales in the excavator industry will increase at a rate of 25% per cent in 2020, depending on the continued demand for the refilling of the excavator, the better demand for the excavator tank, and the higher revenue from company business in the excavator tank in 2021-2023.
Heavy machines and pumps 23%, marines 20%, new energy sources and other revenues 32%. In the future, we look forward to a rapid expansion of companies in high-altitude operating platforms, new energy lines; a steady annual growth of shielding units, marine and marine plates; and industry, where companies have successfully developed several mainstream industrial pumps, followed by hydraulic systems to market, large customers.
In 2021-2023, we expect the company's non-square tank operations to grow at a rate of “grow differential” between the non-digger tank and the excavator tank. (3) Hydraulic pump valves: the company's hydraulic pump valve products consist mainly of excavator valves, non-digger valves, motors, etc.
Pump valves: In 2020, they accounted for about 90% of the income from pump valves and 37% of the company ' s domestic sales, with small, medium and large pump-digging valves re-established and long-term prospects of growing into 100-year-old domestic hydraulic stores. Reference is made to comparable companies, we gave the company 2021 yen. Based on the main business of the flat hydraulics and the main competitors revealed in the annual report, we picked from Kawasaki Heavy Worker, Pike Hannikov, Eton and Eddie the most sophisticated.
Comparable companies. The Bosebusts are not listed.) Downward risks are macroeconomic. The engineering and machinery industry is more macroeconomically relevant, and changes in capital and real estate investment, policy and willingness to invest will have an impact on the engineering and machinery industry, which in turn will influence the marketing of major products in the industry.
Industry cycles fluctuate. The main plant for engineering machinery is the main plant for constant hydraulics downstream, with the main equipment for engineering machinery having an average life span of about 10 years, and the long life span for capital attributes combined with longer life spans, with a somewhat cyclical industry landscape.
As the world’s major economies continue to recover, global raw material prices are likely to rise in the future if the supply of raw materials, such as Latin America, tightens in South-East Asia, leading to firm profit margins. Pump valve operations are not expanding as expected.
A small number of HQ products are used, and the future expansion of corporate pump valve operations may lead to a decline in the rate of revenue growth. Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee