On September 1, the company released a non-public release plan to raise no more than $5 billion.
The constant Mexican project (1.1 billion), the linear drive project (1.4 billion), the constant international research and development project (570 million), the General Hydraulic Pumping Technology Reform project (200 million), the megaheavy heavy tank project (1.4 % core view: the market for this targeted project was not anticipated. Over 80% of the $5 billion will be invested.
In non-digger applications, in particular, new technologies for early deployment, new markets such as linear drives (packs containing electric cylinders, rollers), general hydraulic pressure, promising relay tanks, pump valves, becoming the third growth pole of the company, the deepening of diversified layouts, and the prospect of further opening the ceiling for company growth.
The firm’s prices are better than 300 deep, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
In 2020, the global market for hydraulics was about $258 billion, with the United States market accounting for 38 per cent of the world ' s largest market in 2019 by region. According to the International Committee on Fluid Dynamics Statistics, the global market was about 35 per cent in 2020, with a consistent global market share.
The company’s Mexico project, which is geographically close to the United States market, has a manageable transport cost; from a policy point of view, benefits from the US-ink tariff preferences, eliminates tax risks, and contributes to the company’s brand influence and product competitiveness in the US market.
Majorly targeting American engineering and machinery tanks, port machinery, oil, marine special tanks, hydraulic pumps and motors of equipment such as high-altitude operating platforms, are conducive to exports to the United States, and this is a steady step from marketing to the globalization of production.
• A two-point increase: promote the upgrading of the electric chain to lead the market, integrate the layout of the industrial chain, and shut down the next technologically difficult roller-line poles. The development of the mobile control industry is marked by a combination of electromechanical fluids, and the scale of the electric tank market will continue to grow, mainly because one electric tank is an upgrade to the hydraulic tank.
It's environmentally friendly, small, simple, efficient, and 2 downstream applications continue to expand, such as walking machines, engineering automation, medical care, and aerospace. Rolling wire poles are the core parts of the electric cylinder, and are expected to be about $23 billion in market space, with higher technical difficulties.
Mainstream suppliers are limited, mostly foreign brands. This time, 1.5 billion investment in linear drive projects, 1. Performance meets expectations. Increased research and development for wider products is the largest investment.
And extend the product line to upstream parts and components rollers. The company started research and development in 2016. 2. Performance is excellent, future growth is achievable.
Power, with basic conditions for rapid production and application of electric cylinders and rollers.
The general hydraulic modifications of the project and the super-heavy heavy fuel tanks are the company ' s layout for further vertical deepening of the general hydraulics and non-scaling tanks. Building on the design development capabilities already in place, the manufacturing capacity is being enhanced, while the production capacity is being expanded. The company ' s v30g series of industrial pumps are currently applied to seaworks.
In the area of shielding, test stations, complete model development, entry into the pilot phase, existing production lines are difficult to cope with future orders growth in capacity and automation, so companies are able to deploy their production capabilities ahead of schedule. In the future, companies will further develop downstream applications in the area of general hydraulics, such as aviation.
Space, metallurgy, new energy equipment, industrial machines, and so on, the aggregate market is far larger than the excavator, and it is possible to build a constant future, while increasing the company’s resilience.
According to the company ' s announcement, the market for hydraulics was 77.9 billion in 2020, mainly in the fields of engineering machinery, aerospace, metallurgical machinery, and engineering vehicles, with the highest proportion of applications in engineering and machinery, exceeding 40%.
With about 10% of the country as a whole, and considering other countries’ product plates, we expect less than 30% of the country as a whole. According to the 14th Plan of the Engineering and Mechanical Industry, core hydraulics are over 60% of the country’s production, and future hydraulic alternatives are larger.
Shortcomings and growth are expected to smooth out fluctuations in performance, giving a “buy-in” rating. Investments in infrastructure, real estate, etc., have fallen sharply, new products have been developed at a slower pace than expected, downstream price competition has intensified, and cost-side pressures have been passed upstream.
Refinancing for the first time since listing, targeting non-digging, this is the first time since the company was listed in 2011, and it is proposed to raise no more than $5 billion to invest in the constant mosaics project, the linear drive project, the constant international research and development centre project, the general hydraulic pumping project, the super-heavy heavy.
Oil tank projects and replenishment of liquidity. Six types of projects, in the areas of 11, 14, 5.7, 2.9, 1.4 and non-diggers, will be further developed, while strengthening research and development, manufacturing capacity, promoting internationalization, and optimizing the capital structure.
With business operations, on the other hand, cash reserves to prepare for M & As in order to be able to respond quickly. 2 3rd growth pole, opening up growth space 2.1 Mexico, moving from internationalization of sales to globalization of production
The company's Mexican project, located in the development area of Santa Catalina, Monterey, Nuevo León, with a total investment of 1,230 million yuan, includes a construction investment of 1,130 million yuan, mainly in the production of hydraulic fluids for equipment such as engineering and machinery tanks, port machinery, oil, special tanks for seamen and high-altitude operating platforms in the North American region.
The city of Monterrey, Mexico, is an important industrial and commercial centre in the world, close to the American-Memorian border, with a number of production bases for multinational groups, such as the British American Tobacco Company, Siemens, and China.
In terms of geographical location, proximity to the United States market, transport costs are manageable; in terms of policy considerations, benefit from US-ink tariff preferences, eliminate tariff risks, and enhance corporate brand influence and product competitiveness in the United States market.
According to Marketsandmarkets, the global market for hydraulics was about $258 billion in 2020, with the United States market accounting for 38% of the world’s largest market in 2019 by region. In terms of competition patterns, the root factor is:
According to the International Committee on Fluid Dynamics Statistics, the combined share of the world ' s top four hydraulic companies, Bo Shiles, Paik Hannij, Eton and Kawasaki, declined from 46.4 per cent to 34.8 per cent between 2012 and 2020, while the global share of corporate companies rose rapidly from 0.5 per cent to 3.0 per cent over the same period, leaving room for greater growth.
The purchase of globally renowned brands such as Haweinline hydraulic fluids, Japanese apparel craftsmen, and the creation of American and Japanese sales subsidiaries, currently owning four research and development centres in Changzhou, Shanghai, Chicago, and Berlin, has concentrated their production capacity on the Changzhou manufacturing base. This time, Mexico’s export to the United States has been a strong step from the globalization of sales to the globalization of production.
Figure 4 Changes in the size of the global market for hydraulics
2.2 Leads the market layout, closes the rollers, perfects the integrated layout, and the company will grow into an important supplier of the poles and rollers. The company’s linear drive project has invested a total of $1.53 billion, of which $1.41 billion is spent on construction, and its main products include electric cylinders and rollers. It is expected to produce annual production in three years.
The production capacity of the company will not only support the operation of the cylinder, but will also be sold out directly.
Rolling wire poles are the core parts of the electric cylinders, the company has matured in precision processing techniques, and modular development technologies are well-developed, rich and fast-tracked into production and application. The electron cylinders are modularized to integrate the server with the bar. The product, roller wire poles are the original mechanical transmissions at the core, and the rotation of the server is converted into straight-line motion.
At the same time, it absorbs the advantages of the servo and achieves high accuracy speed, location, thrust control. 1 Electric cylinder: the company has completed the production and validation of samples of multi-type electric cylinders of 1.25 t-75 t, and has carried out research and development, applications and production in many areas downstream, such as high-altitude operational vehicles, maritime, industrial and medical, and has completed the delivery and been sold.
With a wealth of technological reserves and industrialization experience, we are now in the process of expanding production and expanding downstream applications. 2 rolls of wire poles side: testing the manufacturing capacity of producing enterprises, owning a home-made foundry, having the basic conditions for precision processing, and mastering sophisticated manufacturing processes and core technologies, we believe that companies have the ability to meet the rollers.
The requirements of high precision in silkwork, strict control of deformations, etc., help companies to improve self-control rates, improve industrial chain integration, figure 7 advantages in the use of marble poles and the main downstream areas.
Field-enhanced drivers are mainly two points: an electric tank is an upgraded product of a hydraulic tank that responds to new energy dynamics. As a new generation of electrodynamic integration products, it no longer relies on hydraulic fluids as a vector, has a greater advantage in environmental protection, volume, composition, and has a more efficient and accurate power transfer capability.
In the area of walking machinery, such as high-altitude platforms, agricultural machines, mining machines, small excavators, the company is currently developing electric cylinders suitable for high-speed electric fork clippings, with large fork clippings, faster rate of electrical growth, and considerable future demand; in the area of industrial automation, electric cylinders are suitable for low-load and high-precision scenarios.
For example, the Asia-Pacific region is experiencing stronger demand growth, and companies are expected to make a breakthrough on behalf of their national product plates. According to valuemarketresearch data, the global market for rollers is expected to be 19.5 billion dollars in 2019-2026.
By region, the share of the Asia-Pacific region in the market is expected to increase from 43.56% to 46.64%, driven mainly by rising demand from developing countries represented by China in aviation, manufacturing, and robotics. In terms of competition patterns, the main suppliers of rollers are overseas brands, such as power.
Shiloh, Nsk, Kuroda, Taiwan, and others.
R & D centre project: focuses on research and development and strengthens self-innovation capacity for high-end hydraulics. The sustained international research and development centre project proposes to invest $650 million in building research and development bases that will combine research and development innovation, small-volume pilot manufacturing, product performance testing, including R & D centres, integrated service centres and trial platforms, hydraulic pump valves and motor-related research and promotion.
The total value of hydraulic pumps, hydraulic valves and hydraulic motors is close to 50% from a value point of view, while the volume of hydraulic cylinders is only 20% of the value of hydraulic systems. From a market pattern, the hydraulic tank area is basically replaced by national production, while high-end hydraulic pump valves and motors remain dominated by overseas brands.
The company ' s main future dynamic direction, with R & D investment amounting to $243 million in the first half of 2021, an increase of 126.33 per cent over the previous year, is continuously increasing the innovation of pump valves, electrically controlled products, and accelerating product diversification. General hydraulic pump technology adaptation project: corporate industrial pumps have made a breakthrough, entering a small batch of testing stages, and production ahead of schedule.
The company ' s General Hydraulic Pump Technology Improvement Project, with an investment of $310 million, is expected to expand production capacity from 9,000 to 70,000 units in a year, with automation upgrades and reduced efficiency gains. From 2014 to 2020, the company ' s hydraulic valve portfolio grew rapidly from $3.8462 million to $2.34 billion, and in six years the cagr reached 191 per cent, mainly in walk machines dominated by excavators.
The industrial pumps of the company v30g series are now applied in the fields of seamen, shields, test stations, etc. The full-scale development has now been completed, the pilot phase has entered, and the existing production lines are difficult to cope with the growth of future orders in terms of capacity and automation.
Super-heavy tank project: increasing home-made rates and improving the manufacturing capacity of unmarked large tanks. The company ' s super-heavy heavy tank project proposes to invest $150 million in the production of heavy tanks of large diameter and length for the maritime industry, large-scale water, voltage machines and metallurgy. The project uses existing plant buildings to address the company ' s customised production of super-heavy heavy tanks.
Capacity bottlenecks and improvement of past models of autonomous design plus processing.3 The hydraulics industry still has a large national production replacement space.
Fields include engineering machinery, aerospace, metallurgical machinery, and engineering vehicles, with the highest proportion of applications in engineering and machinery, exceeding 40%. According to constant income estimates, in 2020, companies earned $7.9 billion, with a share of about 10% in the country as a whole. Given other national product plates, we expect the overall national production rate to be less than 30%.
Industry’s 14th Five-Year Plan has a national production rate of more than 60% for core hydraulics, and there will be a large future replacement space for hydraulics. Investments in infrastructure, real estate, etc. have fallen sharply, new products have been developed at a slower pace than expected, downstream price competition has intensified, and cost-end pressures are passed upstream.
In 2018, the crystal ball first produced the report using legally compliant information, independently and objectively. The data and information used in the report were from the market. I did not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor did I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report would not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.