The credit impairment resulted in an increase in losses throughout the year and a reversal of performance after the epidemic subsided Transport/Airfield Billion, an increase of 9.8 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother - $12.10 billion, an increase of 11.6 per cent over the same period; and four quarters.
Four quarters of the epidemic is relatively low, and the income is up to expectations. In 2021, civil air traffic went through a swing, with a year-round performance stronger than in 2020, but the country's doors were almost closed, pressure on overseas transport to digest, and four quarters of the epidemic spread across the country, with the relative low performance of passenger flows delaying the year.
Business performance declined the same time, the domestic line rose slightly, and the passenger rate fell slightly. The demand recovered from the same demand, the structure of the industry’s passenger flow changed, and the company’s earnings increased by 52 weeks’ maximum/minimum.
The only company that retained the full cargo aircraft in the air benefited from the high postage of the goods, the company ' s revenue from the same postage increased the pressure on the cost of the oil, and the impairments resulted in a higher than expected loss in the fourth quarter. In 2021, the price of the oil was raised quarterly, with the company ' s cost of 25.510 billion, an increase of 35.7 per cent, and the cost of the oil per unit ask.
At the cost end of the scale, the cost of non-oil per unit ask increased by 3.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the company ' s costs changed little, as a result of refinancing by companies to ease the pressure on funds, withholding the financial costs of remittances, the country ' s insistence on strict control of the spread of the epidemic and the time it will take for the country to return to full normality of the country ' s travel, but for a longer period of time.
We believe that the resilience of civil aviation needs remains unchanged, and that the overall tightening of supply creates preconditions for a reversal of supply and demand, such as a one-day change in strict anti-epidemic policies, and that the release of demand is expected to lead to a significant upturn in the performance of the Division.
South Air 600029-2021 Quarterly Review: Passengers are back better, the epidemic will continue beyond our expectations from early 2021 to the present, and the node for a full recovery of civil aviation needs is likely to be pushed forward.
Southern Air Disclosure 2021: Southern Air Disclosure 2021, $10,164 million in operating income for the year, up 9.8 per cent from the same year, resulting in a net return to the mother - $12.10 billion, with an increase in losses of 11.6 per cent from the same quarter.
Four quarters of the epidemic is relatively low, and the income is up to expectations. The year 2021 was a year-round experience of civil air traffic, which was stronger than in 2020, but the country’s doors were almost closed, pressure on overseas transport to digest, and four quarters of the epidemic spread across the country, with the relative low performance of passenger flows delaying the year’s performance.
As a result of the tight supply of the industry and the recovery in demand, changes in the structure of the industry’s passenger flow resulted in an increase of 7.6 per cent in the company’s passenger kilometre earnings, with 12.3 per cent in the domestic line and 68.4 per cent in the international line.
Overall, corporate figures 6. Southern Air Quarterly ask and year-on-year increases figure 8. Southern Air Quarterly rpk and year-on-year increases
Figure 11: Changes in earnings from South Air Passengers kilometres, Figure 12: Quarterly South Air Unit business income rpk Increased pressure on the cost of aviation oil, resulting in higher than anticipated losses in the four quarters as a result of impairments.
Upgrade, the cost of the company ' s aviation oil was 25.510 billion, an increase of 35.7 per cent over the same period, and the cost of the unit ask averaging 36.2 per cent over the same period, amounted to $0.1192. The remaining costs are relatively stable, with unit ask non-oil costs 0.3680, an increase of 3.8 per cent over the same period. Figure 15: Southern aviation non-oil costs and the same ratio
Figure 16 Quarterly non-oil cost and year-on-year cost of Southern Aviation: Figure 17 Quarterly non-oil cost and year-on-year cost of Southern Air Unit ask
On the cost side, the company ' s costs have not changed significantly, with sales, management and R & D rates of 4.9 per cent and 3.6 per cent, respectively, representing a decrease of 0.8 per cent and 0.7 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period. Financial costs have increased as a result of lower exchange rate gains, a 4.0 per cent increase in financial costs and a 0.7 per cent increase compared with the same period, benefiting from refinancing by the company to ease the pressure on funds and withholding the transfer of financial costs.
Figure 19: Trends in aviation cost rates in the South
It will take some time to control the spread of the epidemic and to return to full normalization of domestic movements, but for a long period of time, we believe that the resilience of civilian shipping needs remains unchanged, that supply is generally tightened to create the preconditions for a reversal of supply and demand, and that if one day strict immunization policies change, demand release is expected to lead to a significant upturn in the Division’s performance.
At the beginning of 2021, the epidemic continues to outpace our expectations, and the rate of full recovery of civil aviation demand is likely to be pushed back. The base year, the company returns 15,79 billion net profits and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject