Research assistant: Liu Xiaowu I, the leading state-of-the-art national production of single crystalline silicon equipment, a blueprint.
Two, 210 industrial accelerations, photovoltaic technology turns into equipment space, three, semiconductor nationalization is imminent, and a few small, large-scale equipment dealers have dividends.
V. Sapphire operations have not yet reached their expectations, and scale reduction is a key factor. VI. Sic layouts extend from the end of the equipment to the end of the material, VII. Profit predictions and investment proposals, when appropriate.
Crystal crystals: national crystals silicon growth equipment taps crystals: from photovolt to semiconductor and from equipment to materials into a new journey to the East Wu security system, optical silicon device absolute leader, steady and high-growth performance.
In the area of photovoltaic equipment, companies are able to supply related equipment in major silicone processes. As the company expands its new product cut-off, cut off.
For the sale of one machine, the amount of equipment that the company could provide for the single gw line is expected to increase. The company’s performance of 2022h1 was higher than expected, benefiting from the downstream highs. 2022h1 net profit to the mother was $1.21 billion, compared with +101%; net profit deduction to the mother was reduced was the upper limit of the 2022q3 performance forecast, and q3 was still high. $7.46 billion was earned in the first three quarters of 2022, i.e., 87%, net profit to the mother.
Figure: Mother ' s net profit in the first three quarters of 2022 was $2.01 billion, with significant scale effects in comparison with +81 per cent, and corporate Māori was 39.7 per cent in 2021, compared with +3.1 pt; net interest rate was 29.0 per cent, compared with +6.6 pt, the highest since 2016.
• We judge that, with the bulk of photovoltaic equipment placed in 2021 and the performance period, the cost of the company in 2022-2023 will continue to decline, and the net interest rate level will rise steadily with the effect of scale. Increasing R & D inputs will be sustained, R & D rates will be well controlled, and R & D efficiency will be high
Figure: Corporate priority R & D projects in 2021. Advance receipts & stock doubled, indicating a good stock of hand orders. 2022q3 new orders are still high on single-quarter orders in the company's history.
Twenty billion yuan, mainly silicon material, remains scarce, silicon prices are high, and silicon mills are more profitable and more willing to expand.Figure: $7.86 billion in contractual liabilities as at the end of 2022q3, corresponding to +105 per cent in the reporting period = outstanding orders for the reporting period + value added tax for the reporting period + outstanding orders for the reporting period — not completed in the previous reporting period;
Figure: Current uncompleted equipment orders reach a higher level (value added tax for all purchase orders). We expect to sign a new order of $13 billion for photovoltaic equipment in 2022 with a sustained capacity of production — singlegw equipment value measurement: the company's single long-crystal equipment capacity of 12mw, at a unit cost of approximately $1.5 million (including taxes).
gw for 83 single crystal furnaces, the value of single gw for long crystal furnaces is about 125 million yuan, and the value of single gw silicon device amounts to 32 in December 2021, which is more than five times the volume of 6 single-day crystal furnaces in June 2019, with sufficient hand orders, and we expect the company to be fully operational by 2022.
In November 2022, the capacity to deliver the crystallizer long furnaces reached 1,500 units per month, i.e. 50 units per day.Figure: 50 units per day in November 2022, more than 8 times the volume of 6 units per day in June 2019.
The company's single-day delivery was flexible, based on our calculations, optimistic, neutral, conservative, the company's single-month stand in 2022 was 600, 576, 460, and its monthly production (excluding taxes) was $8,745.7 million. The neutral delivery was expected to be at a tax-free price of $1.5 million, $1.33 million and the company's single-crystal harvest in 2022.
With a non-tax caliber of $6.7 billion, and based on the six-to-nine-month receipt and inspection cycle of the single-crystal furnace, we believe that the company has increased its short-term performance in terms of its continued full output guarantee.
Two, 210 industrial accelerations, photovoltaic technology turns into equipment space, three, semiconductor nationalization is imminent, and a few small, large-scale equipment dealers have dividends.
V. Sapphire operations have not yet reached their expectations, and scale reduction is a key factor. VI. Sic layouts extend from the end of the equipment to the end of the material, VII. Profit predictions and investment proposals, when appropriate.
Domestic photovoltaic equipment is largely industrialized all-line upstream: multi-crystal silicon material is produced, silicon silica from raw silicon (silicon dioxide) is smelted from pure processes and then processed into silicone chips from solar power levels:
(b) Downstream: System, spare parts industry, combining solar cell assemblies with components such as converters, connectors, etc. and making them into power generation equipment.
Spread furnaces, etching, monocrystal silicon growth, slice device (gold)
Production lines: splits, serials, pecvd, silk racks, reverses
Printing press, fast burn, multi-crystal silicon cast furnace, frame machine, component tester
Silicon link: Silicon stick/share project equipment investment of about 70% of the total project investment in silicon silicon and sliced equipment, with single crystal furnaces and slicers at its core. Single crystal furnaces of about 140 million yuan/gw, sliced equipment approximation.
040 million/gw, which is the highest volume of equipment; in addition to machine-processing equipment of about $30 million/gw and other equipment of about $200 million/gw, which together invests in equipment of about $230 million/gw. The value of single-crystal stoves is 60% and the value of sliced equipment is 13%. Table: higher value of single-crystals and slicers in silicon equipment
Silicon Fragmentation - Bottom-up: In 2023, equipment needs exceeded $40 billion per silicone link: the advent of a photovoltage-parity era, with the rapid growth of downstream installed machines triggering demand for silicon end-of-end expansion. Based on incomplete production planning, we expect additional silicone plants to produce more than 200gw in 2023, corresponding to more than $40 billion (200 million/gw) in 2023.
We believe that the impact of the fall in the price of silicon is multidimensional (silicon prices have fallen, leading to lower terminal load prices and higher end demand), and ultimately demand opening and declining profitability playing games, while observing progress in large-scale replacements of small sizes. Silicon prices have remained high since 2022, and silicon plants have been more profitable, so there is a greater willingness to expand production, such as Lungi (46gw), on-board control (65gw), coronation energy (35gw),
Large-scale expansion plans have been announced, such as 50gw, and we believe that the order from the leading equipment dealer in 2022 will remain stable. The silicon link – top down – was over $30 billion in 2023 for equipment and 100% of the additional silicon production capacity.
In 2023, 28% of the capacity in stock was renewed to large silicon. In addition, the expansion of silicon capacity in the industry was more aggressive than actual demand, so that the demand for equipment resulting from the expansion in real capacity was higher than this estimate.
Figure: Reference to semiconductor development experience: photovolatile silicon and semiconductor are similar, with sizes evolving towards large sizes. Figure: Photovoltaic silicon size development.
Silicon silicon chain: 12 inches of photovoltaic silicon in the middle ring, with 22 central equipment dealers benefiting most from the technology mix: 166 mm silicon in 2019, an increase of 12.2% over the previous 8 inches of m2 silicon table size, which was unanimously well regarded by industry as a significant reduction in lcoe (deep electricity costs) and an increase in the profits of manufacturing enterprises.
• If the penetration rate of 12 inches of silicon were to increase, the core equipment provider would be the most beneficial. Unlike other battery units, some of the equipment might be technologically upgraded to produce a replacement, and the long crystal furnace would be complete with the diameter of the silicone.
Updates. In our judgement, this part of the new order is particularly impressive for crystals and power. Figure: Medium Ring 12 inches of light silicon downputing efficiency advantages are clear
Moresmart more PV efficiency
Higher manufacturing efficiency, artificial manufacturing, soft manufacturing.
Intelligent in manufacturing ideas, 12 inches of single crystal quality improvement, 80.5% increase in silicon area.
Production management digitization Increased efficiency in cell production Increased efficiency in the use of high-efficiency battery assembly technology
Increased efficiency in the production of components and increased product consistency and reliability
Output power increased by 80.5 per cent Silicon Fracture links: large-scale expansion of new players in 2021-2022, high equipment peaks, and an increase in Tung Wu securities 2021-2022 Industrial extension logic: large-scale expansion of production by new silicone players, large price increases due to demand for silicon, resulting from a low non-silicon cost ratio
A large number of new entrants opted for silicon silicon silicon segments with relatively short extension cycles, following the official 2020 carbon neutralization target. In 2021-2022, new silicon silicon players, such as high viewing, pairs, and up-to-date numbers control, opened up large-scale expansions to break the pattern of former silicone chain lonky, middle ring double oligarchy.
During the second half of 2020, silicon producers began planning for expansion, and we expect new silicon production in 2023, while silicon and silicon silicon production capacity and the equivalency of installed capacity in 2021-2022 led to a rise in silicon prices from 90,000 to 300,000 ton/ton. > In the context of silicon price hikes, the nonsilica cost of silicon links is very low, so the technical breakthroughs in silicon links are relatively low, and silicone businesses have fewer breakthroughs.
The focus was on the acquisition of silicon resources, which led to the development of small-scale single-crystal furnaces, such as 166, which, according to industrial chain studies, accounted for about 60% of the output of silicon chips in 2021 and below, 182 and 210 per cent of the output.
160gw, a non-Lonky extension of 145gw, has a clear technological advantage in the monocrystal market for non-Lonky clients, with the city accounting for about 90%. We expect the crystallizer power to sign more than $20 billion a year (of which 18 billion are photovoltaic equipment, corresponding to approximately 130gw semiconductor equipment, or 2 billion), and 2022q1-q3 equipment to sign a new $12.1 billion.
Silicon: The rate of silicon silicon expansion in 2023 is not yet clear, it is recommended to focus on multiple indicators, and we believe that the same rate of silicon expansion in 2023 is not yet clear, and it is recommended that the following changes be noted.
(1) Positive feedback on falling silicon prices: Silicon falls lead to an outbreak of demand for downstream loads, which leads to a continuing expansion of production at the end of silicon. (2) Negative feedback on falling silicon prices: at this stage, whether silicon production can determine whether silicon is surplus, but whether silicon is surplus, and therefore the prices of silicon and silicon in the upper part of the industrial chain are on the same line, and if silicon plants fall in 2023, the profits of the silicon plant are compressed and the silicon is added to the silicon.
(3) The silicon plant will be completely replaced with the large-scale silicon silicon silicon silicon technology, which is driven by high demand for large-scale replacements: with the release of silicon production capacity and the price of silicon, the nonsilicon cost of the silicon plant will be higher than the cost of the silicon plant, which will be driven by more than 10,000 small-sized mono-crystal furnaces, which will be completely replaced with large-sized mono-crystal furnaces. (4) The silicon is scarce: the high-purified silicon sand expansion of the United States, such as Yunmin, Norway tqc, is limited, and we believe that the 2022-2023 supply of quartz is limited.
Intense, limiting the effective output of downstream silicon mills, tight supply of silicon, continued high profitability, and a greater willingness to expand production. (5) Both old and new players want to increase their market share: as the crystallized process matures and automates, new and old players build their advantage by increasing their size, with the goal of increasing production to take up high-market power in the silicone industry.
(6) Overseas expansion: due to trade policy restrictions, global demand for new energy markets, domestic firms will build plants overseas, or customers abroad who originally focused on batteries and components will gradually make silicon tablets. (7) New technological changes beyond large dimensions: past technological changes have increased equipment per unit, thus reducing nonsilicon costs, and future technological changes are silicon tablets
The future supply of high-quality silicon material will be more adequate, and we judge that the future trend will be to improve the quality of silicon by means of better equipment and the addition of stronger controllers, and that the future demand for equipment at the end of silicon will be higher.
With its stronger product power, the company has accumulated better customer resources, and has established long-term and deep partnerships with a number of industry leaders, such as China Ring, Crystal Energy, and Crystal Technologies. The country’s main single-crystal suppliers now include crystals, serial numbers, Ortwig, Skytron, Tianlong Light, and Quantities.
Power and technology, Kyoto Express, and North China. The city numbers are linked to Lungi, which shares 90% of the market demand for single-crystals other than Lungi, and is the main source of power in the industry from 2017 to the present.
The single equipment ceiling - the unit price of crystal-singer electrical products has remained constant for many years, and the net interest rate of the Maori rate has stabilized at 20 East U.S.I.
Figure: The rate of Māori in crystals growing equipment in crystals is stable at around 40%, why the market's choice of monocrystals is so uniform - the city of crystals is 90%.
The essence of the choice of the client is the output of a single crystal furnace: if a single crystal furnace with crystals power can pull an extra 10 per cent length of a bar under the same conditions, and if the understanding of long crystal technology — speed and gas control, temperature control — is more accurate, the annual output could be between $800 million and $1 million, about 70 per cent of the price of a single crystal furnace, explaining why silicon mills have so converged in their choice of equipment.
The single-crystal supplier also includes serial controls (suggesting attention to the progress of non-Lonki clients in 2022), Otwig (resource synergies between the monocrystal and the Ortwi tradition, new orders for silicon equipment of about 160 million yuan in 2021, orders of 300 million won in April 2022, and we expect its market share to increase further in 2022, with a high increase in low-tech technology), Tiantong shares (approximately 7-8 billion dollars in 2021, 2022 million dollars in light-voltage silicon equipment).
The year suggested that attention should be paid to the certification of the ccz monocrystal and the production of granule silicon, which the company expects to produce by mid-2022.
Two, 210 industrial accelerations, photovoltaic technology turns into equipment space, three, semiconductor nationalization is imminent, and a few small, large-scale equipment dealers have dividends.
V. Sapphire operations have not yet reached their expectations, and scale reduction is a key factor. VI. Sic layouts extend from the end of the equipment to the end of the material, VII. Profit predictions and investment proposals, when appropriate.
Global semiconductor equipment sales in 2021 amounted to $102.6 billion, compared with global semiconductor sales in 2021 of $555.9 billion.
Silicon chips are the most important basic raw material for semiconductor chip manufacture, accounting for $29.6 billion in sales of semiconductor equipment on mainland China in 2021.
The market for the global semiconductor silicon sector is highly concentrated, and the market for silicon is now dominated by foreign leaders, with the top five semiconductor silicon enterprises in the world together accounting for 90% +. The domestic demand for the main 300 mm silicon is now about half a million tablets per month, almost entirely dependent on imports. The significance of the large silicon project for our integrated circuit industry is that it is autonomously controlled upstream (at the end of the raw materials).
At present, 12 inches of silicon is about 20% of the country’s total production capacity, which is relatively low, depending mainly on imports. In mainland China, silicon production is dominated by the silicone industry (Shanghai), the tcl central ring, the Liang Wei, the Qing Sheung, the Qin.
Crystal circle, supersilicon, Jaswei, etc. In terms of market structure and application direction, 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon have become the dominant product of semiconductor silicon, and domestic firms currently have a low supply rate of 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon, with 12 inches dependent mainly on imports, with the silicon industry producing 300 mm (12 inches) of semiconductor silicon in 2018 and leading the 300 mm (12 inches) of semiconductor silicon national production.
The first five semiconductor silicone manufacturers accounted for 92% of the country's main silicon firm 8/12 inches of silicon.
The production of silicon tablets is a key component: crystallization, grinding, polishing, and quality control. Crystal growth equipment directly determines the efficiency and quality of subsequent silicon tablets, and is a top priority in the production of silicon tablets.
Nationally produced equipment has clear price and service advantages, and as the domestic production of silicone crystal circle plants is phased in, the demand for generating equipment will be raised.
Large silicon domestication is the cornerstone of the development of our semiconductor industry. Large silicon national production is the cornerstone of the development of our semiconductor industry: the current gap between the quality and accuracy of domestically produced equipment and imported equipment is significant. Thus, most domestic producers of single crystalline silicon now use imported equipment for production.
With the value of crystallized equipment and the domestic and foreign manufacturers producing it, 12 inches have been successfully developed and some enterprises have made good progress in crystal production equipment with the country ' s 02 dedicated support to semiconductor appliance manufacturers.
In September 2016, the first domestic 12-inch 350-kg semiconductor single-conductor silicon furnace developed by the Nanjing Crystal Energy Semiconductor was delivered to Shanghai for new uses, operating steadily for several months, with indicators of technological sophistication, energy efficiency, and even greater value than foreign equipment.
The 12-inch single-crystal furnace, currently imported at a price of RMB 25-30 million, has obvious price and service advantages, which will lead to a rapid increase in equipment demand as the domestic silicone crystal mill expands.  National production of 12 inches 350 kg semiconductor semiconductor silicone furnaces developed in Nanjing is based on the supply model for the supply of tdr150a-zjs fully automated transistors: projected cumulative domestic silicone equipment requirements for 2022-2025
1. Domestic demand surges, domestic demand for 12 inches of silicon in 2022 is expected to be 3.5 + million m/m, with a limited supply of domestic capacity based on current production capacity;2 The gap between supply and demand is the central factor leading to the expansion of all silicone plants: 3. The semiconductor silicon industry also has a national production requirement: the actual supply and demand gap = potential demand for import substitution;
On the basis of instructions for the collection of silicon, Lion and Liang projects, 12 inches per 100,000 silicon/month equipment was invested in about 1.2 billion yuan; 8 in 100,000 silicon/month equipment was invested in about 500 million.
8-inch silicon device needs to be measured
Number of new silicon mills required (based on 100,000 units per month)
Demand supply model: projected aggregate domestic demand for silicon equipment in 2022-2025 Investment model: 2022-2025, total procurement of silicon equipment in the country
There are currently at least 20 silicon silicon projects in the country, with a combined investment of more than RMB 100 billion: the Silicon Industries Stimulus Project (4.6 billion yuan, 2.2 billion yuan, respectively), the Shanghai Shinjiang (6.8 billion yuan), the Ningxia Silver and Zhejiang Kim Ri-chung ($5 billion), the Chengzhou Jingjiang II (5.3 billion), the Central Ring Slicing Project ($5.7 billion), the Mid-Crysuntsin Project ($3 billion) and the Kyoto-East China-Crystalsian Project ($3 billion).
The share of equipment purchases in capacity investment is 70%. Large-sized single-crystal suppliers at semiconductor level are scarce in the country.
So far, Krypsum has successfully replaced imports in the semiconductor-level 8-inch monocrystals, and 12-inch monocrystals have entered the small mass production order. Clients include known semiconductor companies such as the Middle Ring, the Research Semiconductor, Tianjin Ring Europe, the Taiwan Crystal, and Kim Ri-chung.
● Super-expected technological advancement: the company has grown into a world-class supplier of equipment in the semiconductor monocrystal field, with a full-line supply capacity of 80% of 8 inches and more than 50% of equipment such as 12 inches of single-crystal, polisher, etc. The crystal 12 inches of semiconductor monocrystals have been certified by technology to enable the sale of industrial applications; and 8,12 inches of semiconductor edge polishers have reached the level of imported equipment.
The 12-inch silicon double-face polisher has been validated on the client side. The ring semiconductor silicon silicon silicon smelting project in the Tianjin region, which is expected to reach 300,000 m/m in recent years, is expected to be completed, while the 12-inch silica test line is set up, which is expected to produce 20,000 m/m. Assuming 90% of the supply of crystals, it corresponds to 390 million m of crystals.
Demand, taking into account a net interest rate of 25%, has a net profit of 100 million yuan. 2) Jiangsu Su-soo Tsingrah project, which corresponds to a total equipment demand of 12,97 billion, of which 3.2 billion are single-crystal furnaces and other grinding equipment is expected to be purchased. The project is expected to be smooth in four years (from 2018 to 2021), so the annual purchase of equipment will be around 3 billion yuan.
The China-ring 5 billion fixed-growth programme is on the ground and is expected to accelerate the implementation of the medium-ring 5 billion amplifier silicon tablets project by 2020. As the only equipment provider in the country, the company has the capacity to manufacture 8-80% of the whole line and 12-inch single-crystal furnaces, which will result in a significant increase in performance + valuation following the landing of the beneficiary semiconductor orders.
Since 2019, the tender for the center ring-free silicon mills has been calculated at a total demand of $13.6 billion for new equipment in 2021-2023, taking into account 50 per cent of the national production rate, 90 per cent of the share of crystallized machine power, and a total of $6 billion in the volume of orders for potential equipment corresponding to crystallizer power.
• The need for 13.6 billion new equipment for 2021-2023 in the Central Ring includes an estimated 5.6 billion additional equipment requirements for the Euphoria plant phase (a fixed increase project), about 6 billion equipment requirements for the Euphoria plant phase II and about 2 billion equipment requirements for the Tianjin plant phase (see next page for details). • By the end of 2023, the Central Ring will have achieved 6 inches and 1 million in the following months, 81 million in the year and 12.6 million in the size of production capacity.
The ratio of suppliers to the center ring-free silicone plant (the transistor power is a related party, so the tender is not open)
• According to our calculations, the total demand for new equipment for the period 2021-2023 in the Central Ring amounts to $13.6 billion, taking into account 50% of the national production rate, the share of 90% of the transistor machine power, and the total volume of orders for potential equipment corresponding to the crystallization power plant amounts to $6 billion.
RMB; RMB 500 million for 8 inches per 100,000 silicon/month counterpart equipment; RMB 200 million for 100,000 silicon/month silicon extensions; Phase I (supplementation project): the project is expected to build 150,000 silicon tablets/month 12 inches, 750,000 silicon tablets/month 8 incubation capacity, which corresponds to approximately 5.6 billion equipment needs, of which 1.4 billion are required for single-crystal stoves, with an increase of $5 billion raised by the Central Ring in 2019.
In US$ 2 billion, project II designed a monthly capacity of 220,000 8 inches, 200,000 12 inches and 150,000 inches of 12 inches, corresponding to approximately 6 billion units of equipment needs, of which single crystal furnaces require 1.5 billion. Project II produced 102 units of equipment (sets), of which 52 units (sets) were imported, 50 units of national equipment (sets) and about 50 per cent of the equipment was nationalized.
1st phase of the Tianjin plant: 8 inches per month of the projected capacity of 400,000 tablets per month and the following, with the completion of the "Shang Liang Liang" formula in December 2021, corresponds to approximately 2 billion equipment needs, of which 500 million are for single-crystal furnaces. Table: Central ring shares in the construction of semiconductor large silicon silicon project equipment investments are measured
In August 2019, the company's first prototype of a single-inch silicon extension furnace entered the client's site, steadily produced for nine months, cumulatively produced more than 40,000 extensions, and the equipment's performance indicators met import requirements.
At the same time, the 6-inch carbonated silicon extenuator 4-inch process, developed autonomously by Krypsum, was also accepted by the client, six-inch process tests are now being performed, and the process validation is currently well under way.
The transistor power successfully developed silicon extension equipment and carbonated silicon extension equipment.
The design-in-code test & polishing and thinning equipment, semiconductor equipment acceleration requirements of Uits – the October 2021 additions will accelerate the development of the equipment and increase the speed and efficiency of the research and development. The project is to build a clean house, equipped with state-of-the-art laboratory and test instrumentation equipment at home and abroad. (1) This will help enterprises to adapt, optimize and adapt the equipment.
Upgraded. With the completion of this project, for example, studies and tests will be conducted on the degree of automation, system seismic technology, cush superconducted magnetic field, microdefect control technology, etc., which will allow early detection of equipment performance deficiencies and analysis and resolution to meet market requirements for single crystallized silicon, single furnace production, growth rate, energy consumption, conversion efficiency and automation. (2) In semiconductor material testing and testing processes
By collecting experimental data, it is possible to continuously complement and refine the enterprise’s technology database, improve the equipment process, and accelerate the process of industrialization of the company’s semiconductor equipment. In the case of thin equipment, the use of experimental geometric indicators such as silicon shapes, ttv, stir, etc., helps to optimize the thinning of the equipment plus the engineering process, improves the quality of the processing of silicon and thus provides high-quality, high-stable equipment to customers.
The 80 silting and thinning equipment projects landed, and this expansion will effectively accelerate the pace of industrialization, and we believe that the thinning and polishing chain is a single crystal furnace and that the next batch of semiconductor equipment. When completed, it will result in the production of 35/slender and 45/slender per year. The company’s 8 inch semiconductor processing equipment has been sold in bulk, 12 inches of thinning and polishing equipment will be certified on the client side and will be profitable in the future.
Introduction of diversified and advanced machine-processing equipment, raising the manufacturing level of high-end and sophisticated parts, upgrading the production capacity of 8 inches, 12 inches of thinning and polishing equipment, optimizing the production line structure and making operational synergies.
A complete automatic silicon polisher chart, in collaboration with the United States company Revasum: dlm22b6c-zjs double-face grinder.
Two, 210 industrial accelerations, photovoltaic technology turns into equipment space, three, semiconductor nationalization is imminent, and a few small, large-scale equipment dealers have dividends.
V. Sapphire operations have not yet reached their expectations, and scale reduction is a key factor. VI. Sic layouts extend from the end of the equipment to the end of the material, VII. Profit predictions and investment proposals, when appropriate.
Ishigang: It is expected that in 2023, the yield capacity will be 300,000 x/year, corresponding to approximately 125gw silicon production capacity of 25 x Wu, Zhejiang Migang is the lead company in the crystal-single gold-single business, with a 58% share in the crystal-single business. Zhejiang Migang was founded in November 2017, with two fully-funded subsidiaries, Ningxia and Inner Mongolia, respectively, with a capacity of 10,000 xiyang Ki-chung, which is now in place at the Silverkawa base.
The site has reached 5,000/month, with a total capacity of 20,000/month; the Silverkawa base will be significantly expanded, with a total capacity of 30,000/squad raw materials projected for 2023, and a portion of the national production of platinum, which has already been used as a major raw material in the manufacture of platinum. In the past, all platinum was made of imported lime sand, the supply of platinum sand should not accelerate the process of national production substitution, and the platinum outside platinum platinum is now nationalized, and the inner layer of platinum platinum is home-grown.
There is still dependence on imports, mainly because there is still a gap between the country and the country, and there are two main advantages to the import of quartz sands: (1) good crystal quality and high single-crystal stoves; and (2) low number of unusual accidents.
In the case of silicon, the heat field is primarily heavy on the outer layer. The platinum is usually replaced half a month, while the platinum is replaced four to six months.
The crystal-singer power, the Zhejiang-Medium New Materials, Inc., and the Inner Mongolia-Mung-sing New Materials.
Ningxia's new material, Zhejiang base, Silvergawa base.
Bumphead base (mainly semiconductor) Quarry: estimated capacity of 300,000 x/year in 2023, corresponding to approximately 125gw silicon production capacity of 25 east Wu securities
In terms of unit prices, the price for crystals power is 32 inches of quartz per unit, while the price for 36 inches of quartz per unit is approximately 15,000, and there is still room for price increases with the price of quartz sand. In terms of useful life, quartz is expected to be 400 hours +, with a poor condition of about 300 hours. (The estimated life of quartz is 300-350 hours.)
A single-crystal furnace is used for quartz: currently, a single-crystal silicon is used for an average of 2 quartz per month (720 hours) and 24 quartz per year. A single-crylic furnace is used for approximately 360,000 silicon per year, based on a value of 1 quail 15,000. 1gw silicon is used for 1 gw 182 silicon production for 100 single-crystal furnaces and 1 gw silicon for approximately 2400 silicon.
. 1 gw silicon silicon output is estimated at $36 million, based on a value of $15,000 for 1 quartz. 2,400 silicon silicons for 1 gw, with a real capacity of about 300,000 silicon years in 2023 for 125 gw silicon production capacity. Based on a value of 15,000 silica for 1 quartz, taking into account 58% of the stock held by listed companies, we believe that 30,000 silicon monthly production capacity is fully available.
After that, $3.1 billion will be added to the revenues of listed companies, which, if measured at a net interest rate of 25%, would be equivalent to $780 million in net profits of listed companies.
Semiconductor and photovoltaic parts, material platform layouts, crystal-spill power, and customer benefits The crystal-spill power also provides products such as high-purified quartz, goldline, semiconductor valves, tubes, magnetic fluids, precision parts to meet the requirements of key components for semiconductor and photovoltaic equipment, and core feed materials for the industrial chain.
(i) For the transistor self-development and customers, there are clear benefits from the operation of semiconductors and photovoltaics. (1) For the transistor power, the original equipment master industry is able to drive the sale of spare parts and consumables, both of which constitute co-development, and the operation of materials facilitates the smoothing of the effects of objective cycle fluctuations in the operation of equipment.
• (2) For clients: Clients are able to achieve one-stop purchases of equipment and materials, thereby achieving the highest value of crystal-spill electrical equipment: companies have established sophisticated spare parts and accessories, consumables operations, and technologically leading national crystalline silicon equipment taps, and a blueprint is drawn to the end
Two, 210 industrial accelerations, photovoltaic technology turns into equipment space, three, semiconductor nationalization is imminent, and a few small, large-scale equipment dealers have dividends.
V. Sapphire operations have not yet reached their expectations, and scale reduction is a key factor. VI. Sic layouts extend from the end of the equipment to the end of the material, VII. Profit predictions and investment proposals, when appropriate.
Sapphires -- optical materials with excellent performance, sapphire performance, extensive downstream applications, applications of sapphire in apple products.
The global sapphire industry will have a market size of $10 billion, and by 2024, the global sapphire market will have a market size of $10.7 billion.
In 18 years, the global market for sapphire is about $3.7 billion, and in 18 years, the global market for sapphire is about $900 million, and consumer electronics will be the main driving force behind the future market for sapphire.
• Led’s market demand for sapphire will continue to grow steadily over the next few years, with Mini/microled applications becoming the main entry point. The real impetus for further growth in the sapphire sector comes mainly from the consumer electronics sector.
Reducing unit costs by increasing production and sales is an important way forward for sapphire drops. Sapphire is currently used primarily to protect glass, home keys, sapphire mirrors, etc., on iphone phones. The need for sapphire screens is more than 100 times the demand for sapphires, and if smartphones use sapphire panels in the future, demand for sapphire will jump.
The sapphire screens are good and bad, the crystals engine: the company's long crystal equipment and crystal growth chain are 20 times higher than the value of Eastern Wu's evidence.
Deep processing, crystal growth, long crystals and aids.
For each one of the major downstream industries, art-level cores.
Heart technology, heat, crystals, field design, control.
Development of product labels, chain voice rights (including initial processing)
Highly technology-intensive + finance + expertise + manpower + finance + Jing Seong & Lance joint venture: Supply to create demand, opening the Sapphire Screen Age of the Notre Dame
Jing Seong Lanth Joint Venture: The sapphire business is expected to produce 50 billion species of ocean by 2023: (1) annual increases in the penetration rate of the apple phone sapphire sheet, facilitated by a reduction in size; and (2) lower processing costs for non-crystal rods as the process matures.
Transistor Power: Equivalence of Equipment + Technological Breakover Support Costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
• Proximity of self-contained equipment: The company has now successfully developed a multi-size sapphire growth furnace between 35 kg and 250 kg, with a combined advantage of high automation, high completion rates, quality stability and low energy consumption. The 250-kilogram sapphire growth furnace is now in production, and as capacity expands, the scale effect will significantly reduce the company’s production costs.
• Low cost of producing base power: the company that produces sapphire materials is located in Inner Mongolia, which is the region with the lowest electricity prices in the country, with electricity once around 20 cents, significantly reducing production costs. Large-scale crystal technology is among the world’s leading: the company has successfully mastered the international leading technology of ultra-sized sapphire crystal growth.
In the process of industrialization, the sapphire material has been continuously pushed forward, and the advantage of scale and cost has been demonstrated. In good times, the greater the size of the sapphire crystal, the higher the use of the material, and the smaller the marginal loss, especially at the bottom of the 6 inches or more.
The advantage in the application of the size panel is more pronounced. The rate of Maori in the crystals engine power sapphire business is rising year by year.
The first, the technologically advanced state-of-the-art, single crystalline silicon equipment, the final blueprints, two, two, two, two, ten industrial accelerations, photovoltaic technology bringing equipment space.
Third, semiconductor nationalization is imminent, with a few small, large-scale equipment dealers reaping dividends.
VI. Sic layout, where appropriate, extends from the end of the device to the end of the material VII. Profit prediction and investment recommended sic semiconductor devices with advantages such as high pressure, high temperature, low energy loss etc.
• The third generation of semiconductor material, represented by sic, has a significant advantage in the health parameters of the restricted bandwidth, the strength of the shock field, the saturation and electronic drift rate, the heat conductivity and the resistance to radiation, and therefore has superior electrical properties. (1) high voltage resistance. Sic has more than 10 times the strength of the shock field as silicon.
(2) high temperature resistance. Sic has a higher heat conductivity than si, which makes the device evaporation easier and the maximum operating temperature higher. The high temperature tolerance properties can lead to a significant increase in power density, while lowering the requirements for the radiation system so that the terminals can be lighter and smaller. (3) low energy loss. Sic has a two-fold saturation and electronic drift rate, making the sic device extremely low conductivity barrier and low conductivity loss;
Sic has a three-fold restricted band width over silicon, resulting in a significant reduction in the flow of carbon sic devices as opposed to silicone devices, thereby reducing power losses; sic devices are shut down without current tugs, with low switch losses and a significant increase in the frequency of switches actually applied. The third-generation semiconductor, represented by sic, is pressure-resistant and high.
sic power devices are widely used in white power, new energy vehicles, light volts, etc.
4h-sic ggaas
Restricted bandwidth (ev) Saturation and e-floating
{\times10}Application scenes like a new energy car are expected to drive sic emissions.
• Power devices for each new energy vehicle are valued at about $700 to $1,000, based on existing technology programmes. ..Sic power semiconductors are used in new energy vehicles: (1) Major inverters in power-driven systems: significant reductions in the volume, weight and cost of electrical electronic systems and increases in power density, of which special
(b) Vehicle chargers and power switching systems: effectively reducing the loss of switches, increasing the operating temperature of the maximum and increasing the efficiency of the system. Currently, more than 20 car manufacturers are using sic power devices in vehicle chargers;
(3) New-energy car charge poles: reduce the size of the charger and increase the rate of charge. According to Yole, the cagr of the sic power device will be more than 30% in the next few years, of which the new-energy vehicle and charger are the two fastest growing applications.
New energy vehicles (complex velocity + 76 per cent) and recharge facilities (complex velocity + 101 per cent) in the coming years will be the two fastest growing applications sic industrial chains for sic: bottom line-extension-ware-application
The industrial chain of the sic power device includes: lined-extended-ware (design, manufacture, seal)-applications. sic long crystals: lined manufacturing process is difficult, with the foreign leader occupying a monopoly position (a) the T-O-Sic-substance production process includes the following steps: 1) raw material synthesis. 2) crystal growth. 3) crystallization process.
Cuts. 5) chip grinding. 6) chip polishing. (7) chip detection. 8) chip cleaning. The core difficulty of preparing the sic line is the long crystal link, and pvt is the current mainstream method.
Figure: Sic crystal growth mainstream method for physical gas phase transmission (pvt) sic long crystal: bottom manufacturing process is difficult and the core difficulty of overseas taps occupying a monopoly position of $2.00 U.S. bottom growth lies in precise control:
(1) High temperature growth: Sic crystals need to grow in high temperature closed vacuums above 2,000°C, with precise temperature control and difficulty of control; (2) parameter control: sic has more than 200 homogenous isomers, many crystals have very small free energy differences, in crystal formations.
Precise control of parameters such as silicon carbon ratios, growth temperature gradients, crystal growth rates and air current pressure is required over a long period of time, otherwise it is easy to produce multi-crystal blends; (3) size expansion: geometric growth of the sic crystal difficulty process as the size of the crystal expands;
(4) Post-processing: close to silicon carbide hardness, difficult cutting, grinding, polishing techniques, process level up: 2021 sub-sic market pattern: cree in absolute advantage  wolfspeed-viddingstal sksiltron  Skycolida et al.
Sic Expiration: Equipment is dominated by foreign manufacturers, which are expected to fast-track the replacement of 22 East Wu securities, and domestic and foreign extension equipment is dominated by foreign manufacturers, with domestic main extension equipment dominated by Italian lpes, German Athren, and Japanese nuflare products. mocvd is referred to as the chemical deposition of metal organic compounds, the core of which is the control of gas flows, and the current technical route of mocvd equipment on the market.
The differences are mainly in gas control, (1) Nuflare: vertical air currents, long jetheads and tray distances, with advantages in the homogeneity of the field, less particle, high equipment utilization rates, deficiencies in the high cost of equipment (35 million single cavity), slightly lower thickness and mixed homogeneity, and high cost of consumables. (2) lpe: horizontal air flow, with advantages in the moderate price (11 million single cavity), higher growth rate, thickness and mixed homogeneity, with weaknesses in the upper level.
The fall of the wall particles leads to low rates of goodness, poor process adaptability, short pm cycles, and higher capacity for single-equipment production. (3) Aethics: vertical air currents (public + spin) have the advantage of good thickness and mixed homogeneity, with the disadvantage of poor repetition (not applicable) and greater particle.
As industry approaches the blow-out, several foreign manufacturers are not allowed to innovate or reverse their technology programmes. We expect a similar shift in sicmocvd over the next two to three years, i.e., large amounts of foreign equipment are being replaced by domestic production in the market for a short period of time.
The device 's sic-end crystals engine power is mainly laid out with long crystal furnaces and extenuating furnaces: (1) long crystal furnaces (under-line furnaces): are key to the bottom-line growth quality control, and knowhow is well positioned at the end of the device plus process.
The core technology is long crystals, i.e. the control of air currents and temperature, which are technically connected to optical crystals from the bottom, and which are expected to replicate the success of a single optical transistor. Currently, the crystal-sic growth equipment is not sold out.
This is how the temperature can be controlled within the precise range of the zone, which is the key to a good product. With the accumulation of long crystals technology, crystallization has been used to develop out-of-the-way equipment, which has now reached the point of delivery of mocvd. It is expected that 230 units will be delivered in 2022-2023, of which the price of the lpe type is about 6 million units per unit, and the cost of the Nuflare type is about 10 to 20 million units per unit per unit.
Taking into account the ratio of 6 to 4, which will contribute approximately $2.2 billion in revenue. Figure: Mass sales of crystal-sic growing equipment, out-of-date equipment has been made available. End of demand for carbonated silicon-extension furnaces: cumulative market space in the country for 2022-25 is about $15.8 billion
In 2022-2025, we expect a cumulative domestic and foreign demand for furnaces of 1513 units and a cumulative market space of 15.8 billion yuan, with a capacity of 47/175,183.2 million units per year, and (2) an assumed actual production capacity of 0.4 million units per year/stage, 2022-figure: a cumulative demand of 1513 units in the carbonated silicon furnaces and 15.8 billion yuan in 2022-25 years.
The supply side of the carbonated silicon-extremers: from 2022 to 2025, the crystal-single power accumulated market space of approximately $10.5 billion, U.S. U.J., we expect a cumulative volume of 1550 global extenuators in 2022 to 25, with a cumulative market space of 16.9 billion, of which the crystal-single powerer accumulated market space of about $1050 *$10 million per station = $10.5 billion in 2022 to 25 years.
• Core assumptions: 1) assuming that the volume of goods delivered by statistical companies (nuflare, lpe, crystals) is 80% of the market, of which nuflare, ipe have a slower expansion rate, and the volume of crystals produced is expected to be 80/150/320/500 in 2022-25, respectively. 2) Figuring: about 1555 aggregates in 2022-2025 in the carbonated silicon furnaces and about 16.9 billion yuan in market space.
The domestic sic material enterprise is still in its early stages of development, with 6 inches of undeveloped technology at the bottom: 4 inches of mass production and 6 inches of accelerated development.
• Over 60 years of U.S. sic development, with 6 inches of advanced technology, with domestic carbonated silicon line dominated by 3-4 inches, the country's leading company, Chicounda, has reached the world's advanced level of 4 inches, and the 6 inch line has entered the phase of engineering preparation and small volume production.
• The main domestic producers: the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones, the big ones.
• Currently, 4 inches of internal and external stretches are dominated and 6 inches of extra-extension are being provided. 6 inches of crystals have been made available to major international sic liners, the size of the sic liner continues to expand in the early stages of domestic development, and the 6 inch liner will become the mainstream
● With the maturity of 6 inches of sub-sic manufacturing technology in companies like cree, ii-vi, the quality and stability of 6 inches of products gradually improving, we believe that in a context where the 8 inch line is not industrialized, the 6 inch will gradually be replaced by 4 inches: In light of the evolution of photovoltaic and semi-conductor silicon silicon, size expansion is an essential route for reducing efficiency gains;
Since 2019, long-term supply agreements have been signed between the global sic linehead and the downstream with 6 inches of product, while the demand for sub-sic purchases by foreign downstream device manufacturers has gradually shifted from 4 inches to 6 inches and 6 inches of future demand for sub-sic purchases by foreign downstream device manufacturers.
The 6-inch-sic lineup will become the global mainstream, moving from 4 to 6 inches, and it's expected to be more than 60 billion dollars in 2025 for the 6-inch conductor-sic liner market space.
The global demand for carbonated silicon liners in 2025 is expected to exceed $70 billion, with crystals power involved in conductive liners and market spaces exceeding $60 billion. Core assumption: 1) 6 inches of carbonated silicon liners at a cost of $6,600 per piece; 2) new energy vehicles/photo-voltaic converters/wind energy change
The flow/store reactionor sic liner volume of 0.5/0.05/0.08/0.1 table sizes, and 3) the carbonated silicon line value of more than 50 per cent.Figure: The global demand for carbonated silicon liners is expected to be about $71.2 billion in 2025.
• We've always thought that, while the profit model for the short-term crystalsec business has not yet been determined, we think it is possible to look at the sapphire business development model (the sapphire stove space is small; but the sapphire crystal market is large) and that the profit model for the sic business is likely to extend to the material end in the future. Companies can make large revenue scales from equipment to material extension, with carbonated silicon being responsible for about 70% of the cost of the entire device.
Domestic liners, currently only Tandong, Tiancohoda, and Tri-Ann integrated layouts, are on the front line. In global dimensions, the bottom line is now predominantly sharp, and the share of cree is now projected to be over 80% compared to the volume of global shipments, but cree’s success in the long crystalline chain is also around 60%, raising space.
• In 2017, the company was involved in the area of silicon carbonide, and in 2021, it formed a medium-test line for the processing of raw materials synthesis-crystal growth-crystal grinding, which has been successfully developed with a 6-inch conductive silicon crystal with an effective thickness of 25 mm-30 mm, started sending samples to customers, has now been certified by downstream customers and third-party testing agencies, and has obtained a clienta intention contract, to which the company will give priority in 2022-2025
The company is developing equipment and processes for semi-insulated silicon carbonide and 8 inches of silicon linen. The six inches of silicon carbon liner base is currently in diameter, multi-area, electrical resistance, bendability, and oblique in crystals.
Both meet the range of intra-industry indicators, with a steady rate of change in the total thickness of the film (ttv) reaching <3 μm, and a stable level of microcm2 and reaching or better than in-industry technology. The world ' s largest thickness is currently recorded at 64 mm, with walfsped having 30-40 mm output thickness, domestic producers growing 15-20 mm of carbon silicon thickness, and the crystals at 25-30 mm is state-of-the-art.
(A common piece of carbonated silicon liners is about 500 micrometres, 2 mm can cut 3 pieces, 30 mm can cut 45 pieces; the current 6-inch conductor-carbled silicon liners cost 6,600 yuan per piece and the semi-insulated silicon line chip price 16,000 yuan per piece). According to the fixed increase announcement, the carbonated silicon line chip production base project is scheduled to be completed in 2027, yielding an annual income of 2,356 million yuan after delivery.
I'm going to reschedule the fund-raising fund, and I'm going to recapitalize the fund-raising fund, and I'm going to reposition it to the top of a technologically advanced single-silicon device.
Two, 210 industrial accelerations, photovoltaic technology turns into equipment space, three, semiconductor nationalization is imminent, and a few small, large-scale equipment dealers have dividends.
V. Sapphire operations have not yet reached their expectations, and scale reduction is a key factor. VI. Sic layouts extend from the end of the equipment to the end of the material, VII. Profit predictions and investment proposals, when appropriate.
Transistor power: Long crystal technology conglomerates, sapphire +sic-paper blueprints #1) Technological cattle: four main areas around core technology long crystal process (hot-field simulation technology) with products covering photovoltaic equipment, semiconductor equipment, sapphire materials, sic liners + extra-extension blades
2) Good performance: This year was a cash printing machine model, with a light-voltage feature: the scale effect of a standard load (40% Māori and 30% net profit) pattern is high: sapphire and blues work together to target the end of the material; sic material dealer (extended + lined negative) photovoltile equipment is the first curve of crystal condenser power, the second curve is the bulk of semiconductor silicon equipment, and the third curve is the total of sapphire and carbonated silicon materials
We expect the company's net profit to be 25,95/3,587.43.44 million yuan in 2022-2024, corresponding to 36/26/21 for the dynamic pe, maintaining the "buy-in" rating of the sapphire (2025) and continuing to keep an eye on the crystallizer power.
● Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve in crystals, the second curve in semiconductor large silicon devices, and the third curve in sapphire materials and full release of carbonated silicon materials.
It's a detailed division of the crystalscopic power consumption business, and it's a three-fold financial statement for the crystalscopic power supply, and it's a wealth home.