The company's marginal performance has improved significantly, and shareholder returns have increased the value of long-term investments.
The Division achieved business income of $326,475 million, an increase of 0.42 per cent over the same period; achieved a net return profit of $724 million, with high swings running, with oil prices rising and falling steadily in the first half of the year; and suffered a decline in international oil prices in the second half as a result of a weakening global macroeconomic situation and a slowdown in geo-geological anxiety.
In 2024, Brent's average oil price was $79.86 per barrel, down by $2.31 per barrel from the 2023 hub, with a downward shift in the cost-side price focus. According to the industry profit margin, the main refined products in 2024 were gasoline, diesel, kerosene, polyethylene, polypropene, px, px, etc.
According to the profit structure, the main subsidiaries are petrochemicals, central gold petrochemicals, gentrifications, gentrifications, turbo fibres, respectively 35, -12, -2 and -50 million yuan, respectively, equal to +22, -13, -1 and -200 million yuan, the second half of 2024, influenced by the collapse of aromatic hydrocarbons and the lack of demand for oil,
Hydrocarbon supply and demand tensions have intensified, and pta's profit recovery has been relatively weak, with higher losses on central petrochemicals and a significant improvement in corporate performance during the first quarter of 2025, with a potential release of profit elasticities.
In the first quarter of 2025, international oil prices as a whole showed a two-phase trend of first falling and rising, with the first phase influenced by the Trump New Deal, plans by the United States to increase crude oil production, the easing of the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, and a drop in international oil price shocks; and the second phase of strengthening United States sanctions against oil-producing countries such as Iran and Venezuela.
The average Brent oil price in the first quarter of 2025 was $75 per barrel, a decline of 8% from the previous quarter, and an increase of 1% from the ring. According to the Begawan moor, in the first quarter of 2025, the aromatic aromatic industry was repaired in the first quarter of the year, with a marked improvement in corporate profit and ring ratios.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd., Department of State launched the Action Programme on Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction, 2024-2025, by the end of 2025
The country's crude oil processing capacity is contained at less than 1 billion tons, complete phase-out of 2 million tonnes/year and constant pressure relief devices, high production costs, installation of old and small refineries or phase-out.
The industrial sector has gradually entered an era of competitive stock capacity, and the concentration of the refining industry and the competition for large-scale advanced refineries are expected to rise. In 2024, the company worked with Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates to regenerate, and the two parties signed various agreements, such as the Memorandum of Understanding, the Cooperation Framework Agreement, the Joint Development Framework Agreement, etc.
At the conference, Saudi Arabia's Al-Amé intention was to acquire 50 per cent of the equity in gold petrochemicals among its wholly-owned subsidiaries located in Ningbo and to participate in its expansion projects; and, at the same time, it was to acquire 50 per cent of the ownership of the Sasref Refinery, a wholly-owned Saudi Arabian al-Amey company located in the Saudi Juba Bayle area, and to participate in its expansion projects.
Since Saudi Arabia ' s strategic entry into the Arab-American market in 2023, the two sides have deepened their synergies in the areas of crude oil procurement, raw material supply, technology co-operation and overseas market expansion. We believe that the company has deepened its cooperation with Saudi Arabia ' s Arab-Americans, opening up new business developments and further enhancing the complementarity of the industrial chain and the resilience of transnational operations.
The value of long-term investments is high over the next three years. In 2024, the company’s cash share was 2028.
When the stage of development is mature and there are no major financial expenditure arrangements, when the profit distribution is made, the minimum share of the profit distribution should be 80 per cent; and (2) when the company's development phase is ripe and there is a major financial expenditure arrangement, the cash share is the current profit allocation.
The minimum share of the distribution should be 40%; 3) where the company's stage of development is long-term and there are significant financial spending arrangements, the share of cash in profit distribution should be as low as 20% of this profit distribution. We believe that the company is developing a shareholder return plan for the next three years.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast net return profits for the company in 2025-2027 to be elastic in the future stock competition in the refining industry, and to add to the continued strong returns from shareholders, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating for the glorified petrochemicals.
Risk factors: significant crude oil price shocks; less than expected new capacity-building, contribution of new capacity; less than expected performance and greater volatility in raw material prices; risk of excess refining capacity; downstream risk of slow recovery of product profits; risk of significant additions to the petrochemical industry from “carbon neutral” policies;
He is a member of the China Institute of Geological Minerals Economics, of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation, of the Executive Committee on Coal Prices of the Chinese Price Association, and formerly of the Industry Advisory Board of the China Coal Industry Association.
The Deputy Director of the Investigative Service (chaired by the Director-General) has been involved in research and research in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Project, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations. He is responsible for research in the coal and coal sectors in June 2016.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert and assistant director of the China Institute of Technology on petrochemicals, who led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed the study on “Cultural Carbon and Implementation Path” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the national ministries' plans for oil and gas industries, construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks, and
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the major energy fields and research in the petrochemical sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the stone component, which is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.