:: Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) event 2: On 29 April, the company issued a one-monthly report for 2025, which achieved a start-up in the first quarter
Compared to the trend of 300 depths, the price of 25q1 coal is down and the ground is down, and the company’s profits are improving markedly.
Operating income of $26,174 million, net profit of $3.542 billion, net profit of +159 per cent; operating income of $26,669 million, net profit of $1249 million, net loss of profit.
The industrial sector was affected by the volatility of crude oil and weaker demand, but companies were flexible in adjusting their processing programmes, optimizing production processes, increasing product yields and increasing market adaptive capacity, resulting in a significant increase in the same profits. In terms of specific products, the refined plates were subject to domestic diesel fuel.
The downside effect of demand peaks; chemical panels are slowly rising at the bottom after prices continue to grind and are better than they are; pta plates are more conflicting in supply and demand and are still in a state of loss; polyester fibres are slightly less than expected, but the overall level is relatively robust due to reduced industry supply.
There has been a significant improvement in the profit margin for the first quarter. Since 2025, there has been a decline in refining in Shandong and an improvement in the supply of and demand for finished oils and refined oil by-products, along with price differential ring repairs for px and some 25q1 HCs; and, second, a decline in coal prices and a reduction in corporate cost-side pressures.
We believe that, throughout the year, the same downward shift in the crude oil hub is conducive to refining the price differentials of the plate.
Companies move along the line of chain-up, oil-reducing, and value-added products, guaranteeing that 2. The refining of profits improves, and shareholders increase their confidence in long-term growth. For the refining companies, we believe competition in new materials will take place.
There are sufficient advantages, namely, the pre-investment advantages of sufficient cash flows, high R & D inputs, improved performance on a one-to-one basis, the efficient outputs of the rapid release of new materials, and the continuing cost advantages of the advantages of an integrated platform, as well as the continued cost advantages of the advantages of an integrated platform.
The scarcity of raw material advantages will become apparent in the context of tight project approvals. Companies continue to contract and break through new materials.
The successful pilot production of the Tusuntin rubber device marks a major step forward for the company in the field of green tyre materials; 380,000 tonnes/year polyether devices produce qualified products and 1.5 million tonnes of polyester slices are successfully delivered, new materials in gold ponds are advanced in an orderly manner, resulting in company differentiation and high end
In 2023, the Saudi Arabian-American strategic capital stock of 10% plus a share in the petrochemical capital was laid.
Deep cooperation between the two sides. On 2 January 2024, the memorandum of understanding was signed with Saudi Arabia and Saudi Arabia. The parties are discussing the acquisition of 50% of the capital stock of Saudi Arabia's Arab-American S.A.W. Jubail Purification Company and the enhancement of the product by expanding its production capacity.
At the same time, the parties are discussing the potential acquisition of less than 50% of the equity in gold petrochemicals in Ningbo, a wholly-owned company of Saudi Arabia, and the joint development of the upgrading and expansion of existing gold petrochemical devices. The company and Saudi Arabia are actively promoting cooperation.
Agreement was reached on a number of matters, and the Framework Agreement on the Joint Development Agreement was signed in Riyadh on 11 September 2024, which together advanced the Joint Development Agreement, marking a steady increase in the shareholding of shareholders in the company and a stable cash distribution policy.
To boost investors’ confidence, to defend the interests of small and medium-sized shareholders, and to further consolidate the holding position and to better support the company’s future sustained, stable, and healthy development. Meanwhile, the company has maintained a steady cash-sharing policy since it was listed for 15 years, and the cash-sharing has never broken down.
The net profit/motherhood ratio amounts to 64.93 per cent, with actions to meet return commitments. (1) Risks arising from fluctuations in prices of raw materials and major products; (2) safe production risks;
(3) Environmental protection risks; (4) implementation of the project at a slower rate than expected; use of legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I personally refer to these.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.