27.02.2020: The company issued the 2019 Express of Performance, which generated business income of $30.315 billion in 2019, compared to the previous year.
The increase was 9.37 per cent, resulting in a net profit of 2,605 million yuan to the mother, or 308.96 per cent in the fourth quarter of the year, of which 9.720 billion yuan to the business income, or 11.41 per cent, to the mother ' s net profit, or 1,497 million yuan to the mother, which went hand in hand with the increase in the consumer electronics and auto electronics business, with an all-time high performance: company camp 2019
Income from industry grew by 9.37 per cent over the same period, net profit from maternity grew by 308.96 per cent over the same year, close to the ceiling of the performance forecast, and was at an all-time high, of which operating income of 2019q4 increased by 11.41 per cent over the same year, and net profit from mothers increased by 449.86 per cent over the same year.
Products such as high-end smart car-borne electronics have been sold, leading to a steady increase in corporate revenue. In 2019, the net return profits of the company grew significantly, largely as a result of the firm’s strong position in the Bo-Packing Market, a steady increase in market share and significant advantages in size, and new product layouts.
The product structure continues to be optimized; lean management and smart manufacturing drive companies to achieve efficiency gains and a significant increase in profitability. The glass-plate product innovation continues, fully benefiting large clients from new product volumes: companies in smart terminals.
Continued promotion of innovation and development of new technologies, new processes, new materials and new products in the field of slabs, one-stop integrated solutions for clients, waterfall 3d glass, sandy-sense integrated glass backsliding, mirrored glass backslide products, etc.
The commercial size of the terminal manufacturer further boosts the company’s market value in the area of glass covers. With Apples, Hwa, and other clients on 5g smartphones, smart wearable devices, tablet power 1, LanceTech (300433): Glass
The company is expected to benefit fully from the continued spread of new products in the field of smart terminals, such as the brain. Rebranding a brilliant new business, developing a dynamic business map, making auto-electronics a completely new engine of growth: companies actively promote diversification.
Product layout, continuous optimization of product structure, with more flowering in the areas of sapphire, ceramics, metals, biometrics, tentacles, 2, LanceTechnology (300433): Industry Control Modules.
The taps benefited from a very high volume of glass caps, with a large number of vehicle-mounted electronic devices, such as a medium screen, a stable look structure, large quantities of supplies, and 2019 measures to highlight the platform-type development pattern.
High-end smart cars, smart home appliances, etc., have all achieved high-speed, high-quality growth, and as companies break through in emerging areas such as auto-electronics, the growth of corporate performance is strong enough for future performance growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
In the field of deep-farming glass sheeting, the industry's leading record in the field of deep-dry glass sheeting, and technological innovation, the company has been in the vanguard for many years. With continuous, efficient and accurate research and development innovations, the company's new product has steadily advanced, and waterfall 3d has been released.
In the same way, the 3d surface glass production was subject to a number of deformed, collapsing and bursting problems, while the glass manufacturing process was numerous and production was very difficult. The company, as one of the first companies to enter the curved glass industry, accumulated and accumulated over the years.
Innovation, mastering core technology in multiple processes made of glass sheeting, continuously optimizing glass processes and processes, and upgrading the quality and quality of products, with clear market edges. Companies now have the capacity to develop design from specialized molds, production equipment development, rapid research and development of specialized products and scale production, and to look at the process, technology and production of protected products.
The size of production has been a steady international leader, with the largest volume of shipments in the glass sheet market and a strong leader in the country. Figure 1:3d waterfall screen glass products. New business openings and platform-type company patterns. Based on technological accumulation in the area of glass protection, companies build up.
The company now has mature sapphire crystals, equipment manufacturing, sapphire production, back-stage processing of whole-chain manufacturing, precision ceramics, precision metals, biometrics, contact control modules, etc.
Material manufacturing, scalding, back-stage processing capacity, bulk production capacity such as sophisticated metal structures, biometric modules, contact control modules, etc., gradually building platform-based competitive advantages. In the future, as new product development and market expansion progress steadily, the company’s president has accumulated a great deal of high-quality customer resources and market competitiveness in the area of consumer electronics.
In the area of sub-product protection glass, the company has become the core supplier of the apple industry chain, thanks to its technological, product and scale of production in the area of glass manufacturing, with deep collaboration in the field of skin protection spare parts and good synergy in technology development and product promotion. In addition, the company is working with Samsung, Microsoft, Nokia, Huayao, and others.
High-quality and stable customer resources play an important role in the stability of the company’s operations and in ensuring the quality of its revenues, as well as enabling it to invest more resources in research and development, thus creating a virtuous circle of business and public assurance.
The company is expected to achieve greater performance elasticity in the future as new products from large clients are released. In new models like Apple 2020, iphonese2, the company has a share of the main supply, and with apples in the first half of 2020.
With the start of a new machine, the company’s performance is growing dynamically. In 2020, Apple’s new machine is expected to adopt a 2d glass + 2.75d glass + blue stones look-out programme, with a significant increase in the complexity of the process associated with products developed by the company in response to the needs of its customers, with a subsequent increase in the processing process from 80 to 110, while downstream products require a higher degree of resilience to glass and sapphire, and related workers.
The sequence is also more complex, and it is expected that the single machine value of protective parts, such as glass, will increase by about 30%. In the future, the company is expected to benefit first as the volume of new cargo from the thugs increases.
At the Shanghai Super Plant, the first national product, Model3, was delivered earlier than the previous official forecast for the first quarter of 2020, while Tesla indicated that the national product version, Model3, would begin to be delivered in size on 7 January 2020, and that the national production version, Model3, would be reduced from $35.5 million to $32.38 million in base car prices, with a subsidy of $299,000.
The corresponding downward adjustment in the price of the configuration of the entire model3 is expected to boost significantly the sale of the national product model3 and raise the share of the motor3 in the market for electric and fuel vehicles of the same class. The product will be completed by the day, with a long-term planned annual capacity of 500,000 vehicles.
By mid-2020, the combined national model3 price reduction, the Shanghai factory build-up over-expected and new vehicle stock plan was advanced, and Tesla's car sales were expected to increase significantly, leading to important developments in the relevant electronics chain.
A stable, large supply of structures. The long life cycle of the products used in the electronic products on the vehicle scene, and the high level of characterization and reliability of the applications, have resulted in a significant increase in the value of the related electronic products, while the certification of the electronic products on the vehicle has been rigorous and the terminal companies have a strong partnership with the suppliers concerned. Therefore, future growth in the sales of Tesla automobiles.
It is expected that the company will continue to contribute to its performance.1 Market demand is not as high as expected: if demand for consumer electronics markets falls short of expectations, the sale of corporate products may be affected by repercussions, thus affecting the growth of corporate revenue.
2) The introduction of new products is less than expected: the development of products such as 3d glass is more specialized, there are certain technical barriers, technology development is difficult and research and development inputs are high, and if the development of new generation products is not as advanced as expected, the model and pace of growth of the company ' s core business may be affected.
2) Customer failure: A change in the firm's stable partnership with its major clients as a result of the slowdown in downstream demand, or the failure of the client to open up as expected, could have a negative impact on the company's business performance.