Technological hardware and equipment Information technology technological innovation continues to evolve and client resources and scale delivery create vertically integrated leader positions
Preface: The recent emotional panic caused by the spread of the global epidemic has led to a process of adjustment, but it is still an excellent reprogramming point for Lance at this time -- we've been recommending companies since the first part of last August, the in-depth report of October and many reports that have continued since then.
It has been emphasized that the core competitiveness of firms lies in technological innovation, whether in homogenous competition, appearance differences for new smart terminal markets, or in markets such as vehicles, where quality tests are stringent, access thresholds are very high, and Lance is in the head of the supply chain, which is the difference between Lance and Lance.
Full-scale high-quality evolution, industry status and value rises reflect the perfect crystallization of technology and technology. Since February 2020, Lance has appeared in almost all smartphones.
New brand products, new technologies and processes are being released: first, apples have released a full glass iphone patent for the total equity/flow (million shares) screen, and then vivo has released the latest concept mobile phone apex.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) 2020. Apex 2020 adopted 120° full-view single screen, 120° full-view one screen at the highest/minimum (million yuan) for 12 months
The screen bends 90 degrees on top of the waterfall screen, allowing the soft-led screen to bend 30 degrees into the inside and extend to the back of the cell phone, so that the traditional middle frame of the cell phone is completely eliminated.
The screen ratio was over 100%, and the side of the cell phone became part of the screen, with a combination of visualization and hand perception.
Whether the 90° Falls screen last quarter, or the 120° full view screen this year, by nature, is a continuous evolution of the full screen shape, the higher the size of the screen, the more the cell phone is perceived as one.
And the stronger it is. But a brittle substance like glass, with a certain physical strength and a falling watch, it's not easy to make a bend or even two insides, if you think about it again, taking into account the same amount of product that the consumer smartman has been able to handle for millions, if not millions, of units.
Sex and precision, and only a very small number of headlines, like Lance, can deliver at this level of mass delivery in the industry. Consumers’ continued quest for full-scale viewing, their power over backs and even cellular shells.
The desire for globalization is driving industrial processes to progress. In our previous reports, we have also emphasized that in the past two years, Lance was the only major inverse in the context of financial deleveraging of the industry, problems in the cash flow of most firms, and even changes in controlling shareholders.
So, driven by this wave, its leadership will continue to expand: the process leads by the price of excellent products, while exclusive delivery, capacity and capacity mats bring about a scale advantage, which combines the creation of a far-off brand of blues.
The profit base, as we have seen in the last two quarters. Although the spread of the epidemic has had some negative effects on the downstream demand for global electronics, the strong technology of Lance, working closely with front-line customers, can be an important safeguard against this background.
Another manifestation of Tesla's quality and ability to deliver. Tesla's high performance and intelligence over the past 10 years, unlike that of traditional car companies, was able to establish the status of a new energy vehicle, the first-class industry, which was launched in 2017-2019.
And to push Tesla’s success to a new height, on March 10, Elon Maskton announced the official release of Tesla’s first million new cars. That means Tesla became the first to sell millions of electric cars.
And when Tesla's a share of the electronics industry was completed, LanceTech relied on its presentation to show the appearance that once again became the most valued t supply chain: the high value of a single component, the excellent process, the exclusive share, and what it did with some domestic suppliers.
Unlike replacements, the company is Tesla's front-track pre-store core supplier, which is relevant to the company's ahead-of-the-art level of the industry. Moreover, we note that in the evolution of S., 3 and y, the product, coverage and share of the Blues are gradually being made.
Upgrade, vertical integration in the structural area has become an important development for Lance, a global core-level supplier for Tesla, with Tsla’s model covering the hottest 3 and y of the moment, including vehicle-controlled electronics such as central controls, interactive controls, and wall posts, and companies.
Plants in different parks have delivered bulk products to the Tesla factory for more than a year. The technological reserves and process requirements in the car-driving field are really high, the industry that Lance holds in this area is actually higher than electronics, and the current downstream supply customer coverage is also very high.
This is illustrated by the fact that first-line manufacturers like Tesla, Porsche, Benz, BMW, etc., have listed Lance as a strategic co-supplier, and their industries have had an impact.
And that's what makes smartphones very fast, almost six months old, a small change, a big change a year. At this pace, constant renewal and evolution in the field of appearances have become a top priority in the competition for different mobile phones, and Tesla, as a new-energy vehicle, has become a major part of the competition.
In the light of excellent performance, differentiated appearances, and the extraordinary presence of foreign forces, Ramsy has a wealth of technological reserves and experience in the production of products such as glass, ceramics, sapphire, downstream applications such as mobile phones, wearables, cars, etc.
It has been built that, in an environment where outward innovation is highly valued by end-brand clients, companies have been fully recognized by industry head clients, gathering almost all high-quality customers in the world, and global mid-to-high-end resources are gathering at an accelerated pace towards Lance. In this context, smartphones are being used.
In the overall evolution of the full screen, the shell provided by Lance is gradually being vertically integrated into the overall hull and the various types of structural elements, as is the case in the automobile, where the controlled electronics supplied by Lance are being vertically integrated into the complete package and the structural elements of each class of vehicles.
Lance's long-term, stable and sustainable development imperatives, we see the company moving through the industry week, technological innovation constantly evolving, client resources and scale delivery creating vertical integration poles, dropping to a higher degree than expected; (2) Tesla's epidemic and recent “decomposition” events, Chinese plants.
Technological innovation continues to evolve, and client resources and scale delivery create vertically integrated poles.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.