The new cycle is being handled by hard cores.
Incident: On 18 January 2020, the company issued a performance forecast, which projected real corporate gains and losses in 2019, with a non-recurrent rate of $243 million in the previous three quarters, so that q4 non-recurrent gains and gains for the fourth quarter were approximately $257 million.
Around $1.2 billion in operating profits plus about $250 million in non-economic gains and losses, both year-on-year and ring, did a good job. Previously, the market was more pessimistic about a client's four-quarter delivery expectations, but also less optimistic about Andre's four-quarter performance, so that, overall, Lance's four-quarter performance was over-exceeding.
It's worth mentioning that in 2019, Rance's net profits were new to the market, proving the position and ability of his industry's leaders -- no doubt. Total stock/flow (million shares)
In 2019, there was a significant increase in the importance attached by major smartphone branders to product appearances, with a 12-month maximum/minimum size, such as a waterfall 3d glass sheet, sand-senseed one glass cover, and all kinds of illusions,
The displaying of the power of a mobile phone, such as the glass cover, has been launched, directly increasing the value of the skin, and the company, as a global leader in the field of the skin, has new technologies, new blues technology (300,433) The wind is long enough to look at it.
Deep processes and technological accumulation of processes, new materials and new products, and R & D in leading industries, the next spring for the sake of truth - 2019/12/12. Innovative capabilities. Companies have gained a global front-line core from a variety of high technology thresholds of core products
The company creates and possesses a number of key high-end technologies, such as heat bends, fine sculptures, silk prints, transmutations, sand sprays, ag etchings, surface plating, uv reprints, 3d light engraved, etc., and the company is the only consumer electronics industry in the world.
A self-researching enterprise that produces high-end and medium-end smart automation equipment can fully integrate processes, technology and intelligent automated production lines, and therefore face the demand for hundreds, tens of millions of glass, sapphire and ceramic products from consumer electronics and the shorter and shorter downstream.
The delivery cycle allows companies not only to meet the increasing demand for glass surface processes, but also to deliver more quickly and supply more vertically. These certainly lift barriers to competition in the glass, sapphire, ceramic, etc.
Strategic layouts, such as production optimization, have been valued to achieve higher-than-expected growth in performance, while creating a long-lasting and replicable competition wall for competitors. Improved core customer’s price strategies and ready-made strategies have led to better corporate margins.
Big clients will roll out iphonese2 at a very high value for money in 2020q1, with many analysis platforms offering more than 30 million shipments expected, and the iphonese2 supply cycle is expected to start in mid-January, until the end of the second quarter.
The major clients’ improvement in their readiness strategy (distribution dollars) is an important marginal improvement in the company’s ability to make a profit throughout the year by effectively raising the rate of crop production in the first half of the year, optimizing the cost of using it, and improving the cost of spending.
Balances and upgrades would be useful, believing that the elasticity of the company's business size and profitability could be released considerably on the basis of an initial solution to the balance of profits in the first and second half of the year, and that in 2020, it would be possible to wear equipment: a thick, thin, incremental market. In terms of functionality, appearance, and shell material.
Driven by innovation, especially after a gradual move away from the iphone sub-products, the arrival of the apple watch is expected to grow faster, the demonstration effects of apples and the advent of the Android wear have contributed to a certain extent to the intelligent hands of the Andres intellectual end-users.
Follow-up in the area of tables, watch is expected to become the new core product line in the area of smart terminals. From the current information on smart watches published by major brand producers, company spare parts are available, including glass/sapphire tops, glass/sapphire/ceramic/metal backs, metal/ceramic watch frames
And the crown, the knobs, the touch control Sensor and the overall appliance, together with the power and the pre-emptive advantage of wearing the entire machine, the company has a better one-to-one booster in its smart watch. The company also owns a customer, a Chinese, a Chinese, a Chinese, and a Chinese.
A single large share of the world's large marketable customers, including the look and function groups, has become the most important global supply chain enterprise in this area.
On 3 January of that year, Tesla announced that the base sale price of the national product Model3 had been reduced from $3558,000 to $2991,000, and that the Shanghai Project Modely had been launched, and that the price reduction for the Model3 project had been extremely high, raising the market expectations of Tesla in China in 2020.
After settling in, it is clear that Teslaley saw the possibility of a further increase in the volume of goods to be delivered through a further reduction in sales prices resulting from the penetration of indigenous parts and the lower cost of labour costs.
With leading technological skills and years of experience with front-line hard-core clients serving smartphones, the company has become a global core supplier for Tesla for over a year, with a major supply product, a growing volume of deliveries, the opening of a national product, a model for Tesla.
Other car brand manufacturers import smart protective glass, and the company, as the global core-level supplier in this area, is expected to open up further space for growth.
Wearing, cars and other downstream applications have been well established, and companies are not only in terms of technological innovation, but also in terms of productive inputs, in the context of the end-of-the-end innovation, which is the first to emerge, the hard-core management of the new cycle.
This element has been fully reflected in the company's growth of 2019q3, and this element has been further demonstrated in this year's 2019 year-round forecast. We value the company.
It's the first time I've ever seen a new cycle.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.