17st of 2020: The company issued a performance forecast for 2019, returning the mother ' s net profit of $24.52-2.612 billion in 2019.
In the fourth quarter of the year, the net profit was $13.44-15.03.0 million, and in the fourth quarter, the position of the glass sheet was strong. Performance was historically high: in 2019, the net profit from the company was twice as high as in 2019, and in 2019, the company made steady progress in the field of smart terminals.
Research and development of materials and new products, waterfall 3d glass, sandal backcaps, hallucinogenic glass, high-value products such as back caps are commercialized in major world-renowned terminal brands, market share continues to increase, while high-end smart cars, smart home appliances, etc., are high-speed,
In addition, companies are actively promoting efficient management, and business management indicators such as productivity, good product rates, combined costs, etc. across parks have been significantly improved, leading to significant growth in corporate performance. The glass-plate innovation has strengthened core competitive advantages, leading the way in benefiting large clients from new stock-taking: the company is in the hands.
New products in the glass-plating field are steadily moving forward, processes are being optimized, and the vanguard is firmly in place. The public division is the core supplier of the apple industry chain. Apples are expected to be launched in the first half of 2020, and companies are expected to take their share of the main supply, and consumer electronics performance in the first half of 2020 is expected to be low.
Growth of dynamic energy and a much higher profile of the new Apple 2020, with a marked increase in the complexity of the processes of the glass, blue stones, etc., and a significant increase in the value of the single machine, the company is expected to become more resilient in the future as new products from its clients are released. In addition, the 2020 endpoints are expected to become more flexible.
The manufacturer will continue to issue 5g new machines, and the company, with the product of 3d glass panels and coloured optical effects, has made steady progress in market expansion in smart end-use brands such as Huayuan and Mi, as the company evolves 1, LanceTech (300433): Industry
With many new products, such as 3d waterfall glass, sanded glass backlids, hallucinogenic glass backlids, the taps benefit from a full increase in the volume of glass sheets, and a large number of single machines are expected to increase further, thus increasing company performance.
• A diversity of product layouts into the new blue sea of automobiles and electronics: companies are actively expanding their emerging business and investing in manufacturing and production automation in the areas of blue stones, ceramics, metals, biometrics, contact control modules, etc.
There are a lot of resources, product layouts are being improved, and platform-based competitive advantages are being built. So far, companies have been able to stabilize and deliver large quantities of vehicle-borne electronics, such as a medium-screen, appetizer components, to brand clients, including Tesla, as they move forward with the nationalization of Teslamodel3, etc.
Tesla's car sales are expected to continue to rise, and the company, thanks to its technical advantages and prominent market position in the consumer electronics market, is expected to create a new performance growth point in the electronics sector of automobiles, where future performance growth is sufficiently dynamic.
The growth of future performance is sufficiently dynamic to maintain a “buy-in” rating. In the field of deep-farming glass-plating, the industry has a record record record of record performance, in the field of deep-farm glass-plating, and in the field of technological innovation, the company has a leading position in the glass-plate market.
During the year, with sustained, efficient and accurate innovation in research and development, the company’s new product has been advancing steadily, and many new products such as waterfall 3d glass, sand-sweededed and single glass cover, hallucinogenic glass cover, etc. have been released, and the product’s competitiveness has been remarkable.
The company, as one of the first firms to enter the curved glass industry, has accumulated and innovated over the years, mastered core technology in multiple processes made of glass sheets, continuously optimized glass processes and processes, improved product quality and good quality, and had a clear market lead.
The capacity for equipment development, rapid research and development of specialized products and production of scale, and the technological, technological and production scale of protected products from the outside have been firmly at the forefront of international leadership, with the highest volume of shipments in the glass-plating market and a strong leader.
Based on the accumulation of technology in the area of glass protection, the company has expanded its new business, enriched its product layout, invested a lot of resources in manufacturing and production automation such as sapphire, precision ceramics, precision metals, biometrics, touch-control models, etc. The company now has mature sapphire crystals.
Equipment manufacturing, sapphire production, back-processing all-industry chain manufacturing capacity, precision ceramic powder raw materials and embryos manufacturing, sintering, back-section processing capacity, bulk production capacity such as precision metal structures, biometric modules, contact control modules, etc., gradually building platform-type competitive advantages. In the future, as new product development and market expansion progress steadily, company directors will develop.
The company has accumulated a great deal of high-quality customer resources in the consumer electronics sector, and the market is highly competitive. In the consumer consumer consumer glass sector, the company has become a core supplier of the apple industry chain, with deep cooperation in the field of protective parts and components and technology, thanks to the advantages of technology, products and scale of production in the glass manufacturing sector.
In addition, the company has established strong partnerships with global brands such as Samsung, Microsoft, Nokia, Hua Dynasty, Oppo, Vivo, Mi, Xiao Xiao Xiao, Xiao Xiao Xiao, etc., and has steadily advanced in the marketing of corporate products. Quality and stable customer resources are critical to the stability of the company’s operations and to ensuring the quality of its revenues.
It also helps companies invest more resources in R & D, thus creating a virtuous cycle of business, ensuring public figures 4: China uses colored glass covers for p30 mobile phones, and the company is expected to achieve greater performance elasticity in the future as new products from large clients are phased in.
Among the new types that are about to be released, iphonese2, the company has a major share of the supply, and with apples starting in the first half of 2020, the company’s performance has grown sufficiently dynamically. In 2020, Apple’s new machine is expected to adopt a 2d glass + 2.75d glass + blue gems programme, with a significant increase in the complexity of the process associated with the products developed by the company in response to the needs of its customers, and the back cover processor.
It has increased from 80 to 110 routes, while downstream products have become more resilient to glass and sapphire, and the process has become more complex, with the single machine value of protective parts such as glass expected to rise by about 30%. In the future, companies are expected to take the lead as the volume of new cargo from the pelican machine increases.
On 30 December 2019, Tesla delivered its first national product, Model3, ahead of the first quarter of 2020, as previously officially announced, while Tesla indicated that the national production version, Model3, would begin on 7 January 2020, and that it would begin on a scale scale.
The price of base cars in the national production version of Model3 has also been revised downwards from $3558,000 to $32.38 million, and the subsidized sale price of $299,000, with a corresponding reduction in the price of configurations throughout the Model3, is expected to provide a significant boost to the sale of national production of model3 and to raise the share of Model 3 in the market for electric and fuel vehicles of the same grade.
In addition, Tesla's new model modely production plan is in place until mid-2020. The combined national production model3 price reduction, Shanghai plant build-up over-expected and new vehicle production plan is advanced, and Tesla's vehicle sales are expected to increase significantly, with a major rise in the associated electronics chain.
LansyTech has now delivered vehicle-borne electronics, such as a medium screen, a stable look, and a large quantity of structures to brand clients, including Tesla. Products that are used in vehicle-based electronics have a long life cycle and high requirements for robust characterization and reliability of applications, resulting in a significant increase in the value of related electronics, as well as a vehicle-borne electronics.
Certification is rigorous, and the partnership of the terminal company with the relevant supplier is strong. Therefore, future growth in Tesla ' s car sales is expected to contribute to the company ' s continued performance. 1) Market demand is not as high as expected: if consumer electronics market demand is not as good as expected, the company ' s product may be sold.
2) The introduction of new products is less than expected: research and development of products such as 3d glass is highly specialized, there are certain technical barriers, technology development is difficult and research and development inputs are high, and if new generation of products are less advanced than expected, the firm's core business is regulated.
Modelling and acceleration are likely to be affected.2 Clients are unable to develop as expected: a change in the firm's stable partnership with key clients, or the failure of the client to develop as expected, may have a negative impact on the company's business performance as a result of the slowdown in downstream demand.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board