BluesTech (300433) IT hardware and equipment p40, Blues at the bottom of the skin, re-exploitation stand
Preface: On March 26, 2020, China launched the p40 series of flagships, smartphones, smart watches, among which the flagship smartphones have three items: p40, p40pro and p40pro+, and the upgrading of visual and video features has once again become the brightest attraction for consumers.
In terms of the process difficulty of the quadruple, because 90 degrees is not required, the main process of innovation and difficulty of this quadruple is focused on the capping process, which clearly is Lance's main track.
Newest and most technological displays. As a major driver of industry innovation in the immediate future and beyond, Lance works in depth with many brands on the front line of the globe, giving them a great deal of product support for innovation and differentiation in their appearance.
Front plate: From hyperbolic to quadruple, visual innovation and process difficulty continue to progress. From the top total market value/flow (millions of dollars) board, p40pro and p40pro+ are rolled out over the screen for this release.
Highest/minimum bright spots for 12 months, with four-sided overscreens on top and down.
The edges have also been extended to a certain extent, and the borders have evolved to an extremely high level of 1.71 mm with other mobile phones, and the client resources are highly identifiable compared to the scale of delivery, even when compared to the normal version of p40 (see below).
In order to maximize the visual effect of smartphones and screen access, the glass-plate form is upgraded.
It never stopped, from the first 2d, 2.5d, to 3d and 3.5d. But the acceleration and replacement of the most recent year was faster than all the previous years: in the second half of 2019, the wind was better off.
We've only been running 3.5d waterfall screens on the mate30pro for more than six months, and this time, the next spring, for the sake of truth - 2019/12/12.
The hyperbolic form, which is only bending on the right and left sides, this time with the first four-blank glass sheet in the p40pro+ industry, was radiated around the screen (e.g., figure 1), not only further raising the screen ratio of mobile phones, but also making the positive visual effects more round.
Filled up, forming a water-filled and overflowing perception shock in which the bending design at the chin also reduces the sense of hand-held sense in the hands of the user and enhances the smoothness of the grip. From hyperbolic to quadruple, the technical difficulty is not just to add two sides, but also to draw.
It is clear that the manufacture of such products will be further concentrated in the industry's headlines, which are difficult for ordinary glass operators to complete.
The process design and scale production of these products is clearly the clearest beneficiary of the continuous evolution of the front plate process. The glass backboards continue last year: at p. 40 and p. 40pro in this three-flag ship.
The backboards use glass material, and the color side continues for almost two years with colourful designs such as chalking, glazing and coloring used by the Andre flagship, providing five colours of bright black, deep blue, zero-degree white, ice and silver, and morning gold (see figures 2 and 3).
It's not a simple technical process. The coloring process on the backboard glass is a vacuum plating, for example in the sky at p30, which was very successful last year, using multiple layers of optical plating to achieve a gradient, and the manufacturer needs it.
There is enough understanding and storage of various colour processes, such as vacuum plating, and there is enough aesthetic experience of matching colors with crafts. Besides the color, the af anti-printing process and the ag sand etching process are also very well shown in this p40 series.
The general chemical etching process is simply anti-reflection and anti-showing, while the current high-end glass, the backboard processing process also requires the ability to direct the disorganized ag optical reflection to a micronose level, in the form of a pointer gradient of a back cap that gives a stronger optical quality to the back plate glass.
Comfortable holding, and, after upgrading the combination of af, multiple polishing and secondary processing processes, these glass backboards have more fingerprint-proofing effects, slide-proofing and injury-resistant features than traditional ones.
In addition to the need for comprehensive and systematic equipment investments, such as spraying, splashing, coating, plating, physical etching or grinding, polishing, chemical etching and intensification, testing, etc., such technology development capabilities, product design reserves and size-scale production capacity in the pre-industry
The porcelain backboards are expected to land and open up a new round of competition. The p40pro+ backboards use nanocrystal ceramics, providing both black and white colours (see figure 4).
One option, and compared to glass and pmma, is that ceramics have the advantage of light weight, metal quality, resistance to scratching and durability, and are considered backboards to enhance the quality of high-end flagship products. The rice 5-year-olds and the millimix2 have already used ceramic backboards, but they are limited to life.
In the past, ceramic backboards were not widely available in smart and capable mobile phones, but were more loaded on products that could be worn, such as smart watches. This time, China was able to import ceramic backboards into the flagship, and as a follow-up to that material.
If the rest of the global core brand manufacturers are actively following up, they believe that ceramic backboards will be able to usher in a more ceramic backboard preparation process that includes such processes as scalding, roughing, refining, polishing, plating and patching, for companies such as the Three Rings group that have been working for years in the ceramic industry,
It is clear that there is a clear pre-eminence for cutting the front process, such as hair-crushing, and that in the back process, such as precision, polishing, plating and surface treatment, including patching, the blues, which have had many years of experience with ceramic-looking products production and processing, have once again demonstrated their full-scale mastery of the process.
Power and deep capacity reserves. Chart 1: Fevers p40pro+Slant-side perspective: Four Curves Chart 2: Fevers p40pro+Face: Four Curves versus Other Cell phones
Chart 3: Fever is p40 on the back, FW is p40pro on the back, FW is p40pro+
Recommended target and investment rating: Against a backdrop of intense competition for the current homogenization of smart terminals, brand manufacturers have done well in their appearance to highlight their product differences, and the p40 series is undoubtedly the best representative of the first half of the year’s appearance innovation.
In the course of road performances and exchanges, we have always stressed that the increasing difficulty of the approximation manufacturing process, the accelerated pace of evolution, will drive industry head-to-head profits to a deeper reserve of technology and production capacity; and that third, the adverse price reduction of competitors leads to a decline in the industry ' s profit margin.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report