The performance of the big supermarket is expected, the company's new cycle growth point is established, and strongly recommended (maintenance) for Li Xing (research assistant)
The company issued a performance forecast for 2019, with 24.52 per cent of the change in net return profits over the reporting period exceeding expectations and a significant increase in market demand, company competitiveness and operational efficiency. The forecast median estimated that the net return profit for the company in 2019 was 2,532 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
297,49%, 2019q4 single-quarter net return to the mother is about 1,423 million yuan, a 12.49% ring increase, and a loss of 2018q4 a year. From the perspective of net profit deduction to non-repatriation to the mother, in 2019 the net return profit to the company was about 2.03 billion yuan (medium take performance forecast), and not only did it yield a gain in comparison, but it was also lost.
We believe that there are three main factors for significant improvements in corporate profitability: 1) good demand in the city, high production and sales, and high levels of capacity utilization, leading to significant improvements in profitability. Looking ahead to 2020h1,a customers are expected to launch a new loan machine, S2 and André is also new.
The roll-out will help to maintain the company’s reasonable capacity utilization rate of 2020h1, showing a positive trend of “low seasons.” Looking ahead to 2020h2, entering a client mobile market season, the 5g switch cycle will be officially launched, and we believe that the demand for the company’s market will continue to be positive.
The company's competitiveness has improved considerably. Our in-depth report, Rennes Science and Technology: The New Cycle Starts, The Most Beneficiary Marker, argues that the market is not aware of the increased power of firms to buy at the end of the bargain, and is articulated through the Porter Five Power Model.
For example, in 2019, the company pioneered the launch of high-tech threshold core products, such as 3d waterfall glass, sand-skinned glass cover, phantoms.
So, we think that corporate competitiveness will continue to improve, and that the bargaining power of the industrial chain is increasing. 3) Leaning tubes, extensive evidence of long-span-lanc technology (300433)- company depth-new cycle.
In 2019, companies were able to manage their businesses, manage their production methods, resource and production efficiency, customer and product structure, cost and asset structure, etc.
There have been several milestones that have resulted in a significant overall increase in the efficiency of production, product excellence, combined costs, etc. We believe that the company has 15+ years of industry experience and process accumulation, in particular self-researching technology, core consumption materials and automation equipment, and makes water intelligently.
Confirming that the company's new cycle has opened up. We released in late October 2019 our in-depth report, Rennes Science and Technology: The New Cycle Starts, the Most Beneficiary Marker, arguing that the capital line should be from the capital.
We're looking at the company's demand-side industry week, and we're going to publish a report on the smooth landing of the debt, the new cycle of the company's growth path, which suggests that the company's new cycle rises gradually opening, further elaborating on the company's global availability of visual and spare parts.
We're now convinced that corporate innovation, value enhancement, and new cycle lifts have been opened. The glass covers are now in shape (heat bends), process (plating, fog, intensification, etc.), and Andre is now in shape.
There are more innovations than that: 2d\rightarrow2.5d\rightarrow3d\rightarrow3.5d, with increasing value potential.a Clients are expected to increase the value of their glass panels in terms of process, plating, volcanic vent integration, etc.
The industry is well-dressed, and companies are the leading global appliance and spare parts industry. According to idc, the global volume of apparel delivery is expected to reach 302 million in 2023, 12% in 2019-2023, and 12% in capgr, which is in a growing market as a whole.
tws headphones are expected to reach 78.48% and account for a major share of the off-the-shelf market. Companies are the core strategic-level suppliers of the world’s leading apparel brands, and their products such as glass, blue stones, ceramics, tentacles, etc. are used for a large share of medium-to-high-end appliance devices, while, at the same time, they are used for a large share of medium-to-high-end equipment.
The company, in combination with the industry's best-fit technology and volume capacity, is deepening its integrated manufacturing advantages and constantly raising the delivery threshold for the wearing of equipment and spare parts, with customers covering a customer, h customer and Samsung's headline customers, and the area of continuous leadable equipment segmentation.
From a client perspective, based on idc and strategyanalytics data, a client ' s iwatch and airpods account for more than 50% of the smart watch and tws headphones market, respectively. The company is a core strategic supplier of sapphire and ceramics to a client, where sapphire material is mainly used.
The company now owns the entire industrial chain manufacturing capacity for both materials, and the sapphire is well developed for the production of sapphire crystals, for the production of sapphire and for the production of the whole industrial chain for the subsequent processing.
In the area of tws headphones, the company invested $9.047 million in consummation and 15 per cent of the share in Hoe-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e.
A group of high-quality customers, such as Viper, Robot, Pirate Ship, Anke. The integrated company’s business layout and client advantage are expected to continue to benefit from the high-intensity of the equipment.
The lead glass sheet technology, the layout of smart car operations, and the advantage of the glass sheet in the industrial chain, expands down-stream assembly operations as module suppliers to become a level-I supplier of the oem manufacturer ' s controls.
The share is more stable, mainly because the automobile industry has a longer certification cycle, and manufacturers do not usually change suppliers at will on the basis of safety and stability considerations. Companies expand horizontally from consumer electronics to smart automobiles, and would have received stable orders and revenues.
The transformation of supplier status into modular supplier status allows companies to effectively control the total cost, give value to large products and increase their influence in the supply chain. On the client side, the company is Tesla's global core strategic supplier, while Tesla's position in the smart car industry is similar to consumption.
On the other hand, companies also promote deep strategic collaboration with high-end smart car manufacturers around the world, such as Germany and the United States, to form a strong customer-to-client array. A company that captures this high-quality customer will benefit fully from its progress on the other side.
Face will also be a strong model for other smart car manufacturers, and business will be easier to open. So we look at the future of corporate smart car business, and as smart car sales return, we expect further growth in corporate smart car business in the coming year.
Xiaoqiang: Jiangxi Gauan, Wuhan University Media + Accountancy Complex, currently Deputy Team Leader, Media and Education Responsible, 5 years of media industry research experience. Continuous follow-up on cultural media and education, in the areas of recreation, education, marketing services, publishing and publishing.
Disaggregated areas, such as rows, have accumulated a wealth of research experience, focused on industrial chain research and analysis, and worked to extract investment value from industrial supply and demand analysis and marginal changes in industrial chains.