The improvement in the Māori Ratio has led to a significant increase in profits, and both the transhipment and the emerging equipment have contributed to the increase in profits.
Basics recovery and growth: the third quarter of the Time Electric performed well, exceeding our earlier projections. The company's third quarter harvest increased slightly by 1%, but the Māori rate for both track and emerging equipment was better than the first half of the year, with the Māori rate driving the company to grow by 2.6 billion on a year-on-year basis.
Point, ring growth by 4.2 percentage points. The company's operating profits have increased considerably over the same period. The company's profits have increased by 30% over the previous quarter, 25% over the previous projections. Looking ahead, we still look at the two business blocks of the Times Electric, the track trade.
The company’s current Hong Kong and a 24-year market surpluses of 16x and 10x respectively are attractive valuations, reiterating the “buy-in” rating.
The demand for and demand for igbt are both high and growing: in order to cope with the capacity gap, Time Electric is constantly increasing the capacity utilization and efficiency of the current power semiconductor line. The company's capacity this year is 30% higher than last year's forecast. So, in the third quarter of this year, the company's power semiconductor business is growing.
Revenues grew by 46% over the year, and the ring grew by 8%. We expect that the company’s vehicle-drived module will reach the year-round target of one million vehicles. The landing of the three production lines next year will further boost capacity to meet the demand gap of the company’s downstream customers. In the long run,
For third-generation semiconductor layouts like sic, the company is expected to heat up in 2025 and 2026 for the public-age electrical (3898.hk) track operation, with seasonal growth expected in four quarters: the electrical track of the time.
Business portfolio income grew by 16% over the year, and the ring dropped slightly by 6%, with a robust performance. Moreover, the Māori ratio of public-transit operations improved from the first half of the year. For the fourth quarter, we expect the company’s track operations to maintain the seasonal growth trend of previous years. This has largely benefited from this year’s high rate.
At the same time, the demand for rail trains, overseas (e.g. Europe), etc., also provides dynamic growth. The average daily turnover of nearly 90 days (in millions of Hong Kong dollars)
Investment risk: less than expected new energy vehicle sales and insufficient power-loading power plant power; expansion of production capacity and oversupply in the semiconductor industry; decline in Māori as a result of lower power plant prices; increased competition in the industry to drag profits; and a slowdown in the recovery of railing operations and a structural decline in demand.
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, Spob International.
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, Spop international, Pilgrim International.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
All the information is collected from this report and distributed to anyone. No one may use any of the information in this report for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.