Incidents: On 29 October 22025, the Kansai Coal industry issued a tri-quarter report for 2025, and the first three quarters of the company Shaanxi Coal (601225.sh) realized operating income of $118,083 million, a 12.81 per cent decrease in the same year; net return to the mother was 12,713 million
Coal sales have increased steadily, cost controls have remained robust, and the main business has become more resilient. In terms of sales, companies achieved 13.37 million tons of coal production in the first three quarters of 2025, an increase of 2.03 per cent compared to the previous quarter; coal sales, 187.2 million tons, an increase of 0.4 per cent compared to the third quarter.
In the first three quarters, the company achieved a coal sales price of $540 per ton, a decrease of 13.04 per cent in the same year; in the first three quarters, the cost of coal sales was $376 per ton (with trade in coal), a decrease of 5.44 per cent in the same year, with a significant cost advantage.
\triangleright billion kilowatt hours, 1.95% less than the same year. The company controls the total installed capacity of coal-fired generators at 20280mw, of which the total installed capacity of coal-fired generators at 8960mw is being constructed.
With a total generator assembly capacity of 11320mw, there is much room for future power plate growth. Investment returns have increased for three quarters, focusing on the main industry to improve profit stability. The difference between the net profit of the company in the third quarter is about $800 million, mainly due to the company's withdrawal in the third quarter.
If the company continues to move forward with the exit of its investment operations in the future, the impact of the second-tier municipal investment on the net profits of the company will gradually decrease and return fully to the coal mains, and the stability is expected to increase further.
The coal industry is well-run and has a strong long-term stock of high-quality production. The company is actively promoting coal production, increasing its capacity, following the progress made in the planning and approval of the third and fourth phases of Elm, accelerating the process of re-mining the well fields associated with the Trench Rabbit I and the Western Exploration Area, and planning ahead of the development of the North's high-quality coal resources.
As we see it, the coal industry continues to be supplyless for the next three to five years.
The domestic power coal price hub is expected to run mid-level.
The coal industry has high-quality coal resources in North Korea, with significant cost advantages, and has implemented a coal power integration strategy.
Risk factors: uncertainties in the macroeconomic situation; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy; uncertainties in policies in coal- and power-related industries; safety of production accidents in coal mines, etc.
Member of the Pool of Corporate Experts, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices and former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, conducted research on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning, revision of the coal industrial technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, and in June 2016 joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal industry.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in the fields of coal, steel and upstream and downstream.
Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly a member of the Coal Liu Hong Guang, Doctor of Beijing University and of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society. Formerly an expert, assistant director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060;
The study “Carbon Reaching Carbon and Implementation Paths” was completed in the petrochemical industry and participated in the preparation of the relevant policy documents of the Ministry of State for Oil and Gas Industry Planning, New Energy Systems Development, Industrial Carbon Reaching and High Quality Development. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2023 to carry out research in the field of large energy and to be responsible for research in the petrochemical sector.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry research.
Wu Bo-hyun, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the public sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemicals sector.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Master of Accounting, Ishi Lee-Wing, cpa, University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, September 2022, the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, Li Dao, the University of Southern California, Master of Architecture, January 2023, the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, and the coal industry.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.