United States Group (stock code: 000333) Incident: As recently announced by the American Group, the United States Group announced that it had signed the relevant clearance documents with the well-known European supplier of construction equipment (arbn.sw) listed on the Swiss Stock Exchange.
The future prospects of America’s blocs are in the global fields of domestic electricity, heating, air conditioning, industrial technology. In recent years, the United States has consolidated itself through small-scale M&As, the acquisition of German Kuka robots, Israel’s high-intensity, and Japan.
On April 18, 2024, the United States announced that it would acquire the Swiss climate sector, arboniaclimate, worth $760 million.
Euros (approximately RMB 5.88 billion). The arboniaclimate main camp hvac, whose products include domestic/commercial ventilation equipment, wind hoses, etc., was the second most important European radiator in 2023. Now, American, arboniaclimmate, and clivet will form a new union in Europe — mbt
The company will be able to provide European users with better and more efficient product solutions and services by integrating the three-way advantaged resources and product mix. The company is gradually growing from a household to a global heating and air conditioning pole.
Domestic air conditioning, central air conditioning, heat pumps, global market opportunities highlighted in recent years, including opportunities for re-integration resulting from the replacement of gas boilers by European heat pumps; increased commercial central air demand due to industrial return to the United States; rapid increases in domestic air-conditioning penetration in new emerging markets; improved competition patterns in the air-conditioning market in China, industry
Over the past few years, global warming has been a frequent combination of global warming taps for market opportunities, including the sale of European warming to Fizman, and the takeover of Jiangsen's own global home and light commercial heating and air conditioning operations.
The business heating business in the United States is growing rapidly: 1) The United States is actively expanding the central air-conditioning market, and the data centre and other operations, such as sophisticated central air-conditioning, are growing rapidly. 2) In the European market, although the withdrawal of European subsidies in 2023-2024 led to the removal of the heat pump market to stock, it has a negative impact on US heat pump exports. But the trend in European heat pumps remains unchanged.
Through the M&A of arboniaclimate, in combination with the previously acquired Italian clivet, the United States has locally branded central air conditioning, heat pump products, and localized sales teams, together with the United States ' leading heating and air conditioning supply chain, are expected to achieve better development in the European heating and air conditioning market.)
In November 2024, the company announced the value of complementarities in the acquisition of the Toshiba elevator in China, heating air conditioning and elevators. (4) Industry online data, China ' s central air-conditioning exports have been growing for several years, and the globalization of the domestic air-conditioning market has accelerated: 1) America is actively promoting the globalization of the supply chain and the overseas obm
Developments. Despite the frequent changes in US tariff policies, American groups have the ability to globalize supply chains and announce the merger of Spanish home brands, Teka. 2) China’s market benefits from national consumption stimulus policies, and from domestic electricity as a whole. In 2025, the amount of personal marketable air-conditioning subsidies was raised from one to three.
In China, the US market is committed to raising brand premiums and increasing profitability. In the face of the threat of prices such as milly and Oxy, the US brand is constrained. The market is now better.
The current pressure on the air-conditioning market comes mainly from the central air conditioner, the post-natal cycle in the ground and the decline in industrial capex investment, and industry online data show that China's central air-conditioning sales are the same as -3.8 per cent, especially in the case of the central air-conditioning. The United States is mainly through market expansion by segmenting and the installation of the central air-conditioning system in the home.
First, the business development of companies, the future prospects of America’s blocs in the global fields of domestic electricity, heating and air conditioning, and industrial technology. In recent years, the United States has been buying through small-scale mergers and acquisitions.
In 2016, the acquisition of Clivet, a well-known Italian supplier of heating and air-conditioning equipment, was completed. In recent days, the Public Prosecutor’s Department acquired the Swiss climate sector, arboniaclimate.
Domestic/commercial ventilation equipment, wind hoses, etc., were the second largest European radiator in 2023. Now, American, arbonia clique, and clivet will form a new union in Europe – mbtclimate, by integrating the three-way advantaged resource and product mix, companies will be able to provide European users with better and more efficient product solutions and services.
The US commercial heating business is growing rapidly: 1) The US is actively expanding the central air-conditioning market, and operations such as the sophisticated central air-conditioning of the data centre are growing rapidly. 2) The European market, although the withdrawal of European subsidies in 2023-2024 led to the removal of the heat pump market to stock, has had a negative impact on the US heat pump exit. But the trend of European heat pumps remains unchanged.
Clivet, the United States has locally branded central air conditioners, heat pump products in the European region, and localized sales teams, coupled with America's leading heating and air-conditioning supply chain, are expected to achieve better development in the European heating and air-conditioning market.) In November 2024, the company bought the Toshiba elevator in China, and the complementarities of the heating and air-conditioning and elevators are to be expected.) Industry online data, China.
Central air-conditioning exports have been growing for several years, with cagr + 27.7% in 2021-2024; heat pump exports, which have continued for one year, have led to a significant decline, but the pressure of 4q2024 has been significantly reduced, and the heat pump exports have increased by +10.8%, with marginal warming.
In recent years, global market opportunities have been highlighted, including opportunities for re-integration resulting from the replacement of gas boilers by European heat pumps; growth in commercial central air demand due to the return of industry to the United States; rapid increases in domestic air-conditioning penetration in emerging market countries; improved competitive patterns in the air-conditioning markets of the Central African countries; and increased profitability in the industry. The global warming dragon-heading gold industry, the Keeley environment, and the Turing Technologies are American blocs.
Over the past few years, global warming has been increasingly integrated in response to market opportunities, including the Kaley’s acquisition of European warm-to-the-Tun Fistman, the Bo Group’s acquisition of Jiangsen’s own global home and light commercial heating and air-conditioning operations. The globalized layout of the domestic air-conditioning market has accelerated: 1) The US is actively contributing to the globalization of supply chains, overseas obm development.
Tariff policies change frequently, but American groups already have the ability to globalize supply chains and are flexible. For developed regions, the United States uses mergers and acquisitions of local brands, such as the announcement in America in 2024 of the merger of Spanish brands Teka.) The Chinese market benefits from the national consumption stimulus policy and from the entire household electricity.
In the Chinese market, efforts have been made to raise brand premiums and increase profitability. In the face of the threat of prices such as milly and Oxy, the US brand has been constrained. The market is now better.
Investments have declined, and industry online data show that China’s central air-conditioning sales are the same as -3.8%, especially with regard to domestic air-conditioning. The US has been better off than the market, driven mainly by market expansion, and by a higher share of home-based central air-conditioning in terms of value for money.
Market share in the business sector, income growth is robust. The company managed to raise $318.97 billion in the first three quarters of 2024, a positive increase in the same period. Of this, q3 achieved $101.70 billion in the first quarter, an increase of 8.1 per cent, a net gain of $10.89 billion for the mother, an increase of 14.9 per cent, and a net gain of $10.20 billion, an increase of 11.0 per cent.
In the first three quarters, smart households, new energy and industrial technologies, smart architecture technology, robotics and automation collected $2154, 254, 224, 20.8 billion, a change of +10%, +19%, +6%, -9%, respectively.
The third quarter of the period saw a further increase in the net return interest rate to 10.71%, with excellent profitability performance. First, companies actively seized home-grown opportunities to recover from old and new policy changes, promoted product structure optimization, pushed the Māori rate to a comparable increase of 0.91 pct to 26.76%; and, on the other hand, continued to drive down efficiency gains, with company sales, management, finance, R & D costs in the previous three quarters.
Inputs and domestic marketing promotion have led to a small increase in sales costs, and companies have shown a relatively strong cost management capacity. Figure 6: Increased efficiency has led to a single-season profit release better than revenue.
1. The domestic electricity market: the benefits of the old for new subsidies are clear, the consumption boosts are evident from the old for new subsidies, and domestic sales are expected to be supported by policies in 2025. The best benefits are from the old for new subsidized goods. In the market as a whole, in 2024, the number of electricity companies amounted to 103.7 billion yuan, breaking 100 billion for the first time, an increase of 12.30 per cent.
In terms of policy effectiveness, the boost to household electricity consumption from old to new subsidies has been significant. After the August subsidy hit the ground, there was a 29.95 per cent increase from September to December, and the contribution to total social zero rose from 1.75 per cent to 2.38 per cent over the same period last year, strongly contributing to zero growth. According to Ministry of Commerce data, more than 62 million sales were made from the old to the new eight major categories of household electricity products.
In addition, subsidies significantly lower the purchase threshold for medium- and high-end home appliances, effectively boost the upgrading of home appliances, lead to the optimization of market structures, fully benefit heads, and sales by firms above size are now seamlessly linked to overall market retail increases in 2025 and are expected to be supported by intra-household sales. According to the Ministry of Commerce, as of 19 February,
At 2400 hours, 169,000 vehicles were replaced nationwide, more than 3.97 million consumers purchased 12 major types of household electricity to replace new products with over 4.87 million, and more than 2.671 million consumers applied for new subsidies for three types of digital products: mobile phones, tablets, smart watches (handkerchiefs) and electric bicycles to replace the old with 647,000.
2. Household electricity exports: the electricity penetration rate has risen in emerging markets, the demand for electricity exports abroad has continued to improve, and domestic electricity exports have continued to warm. According to the Customs Administration, the cumulative export of appliances in our country was 4,481 million in January-December 2024, an increase of 20.8 per cent over the same period, maintaining a strong increase; the cumulative export volume in January-December 2024 was $10,103 million.
This is driven by a constant increase in the domestic power export climate. 3. Domestic air conditioners: subsidies continue to grow in domestic sales, external sales continue to be high in domestic air conditioners and external sales continue. According to industry online data, the cumulative domestic sales of domestic air conditioners in 2024 amounted to 10,415 million.
Taiwan, with an increase of 4.57 per cent in the same year; 96.41 million exports, with an increase of 36.08 per cent in the same year, were historically high. Among them, the inward sales side, with the release of the demand for the replacement of the old policy base with the new ones, saw a marked increase in monthly sales; on the export side, the demand for electricity was growing rapidly in emerging markets, and our air-conditioning companies actively promoted the global layout of the industrial chain, with a higher export profile.
From a single month ' s point of view, the China Galaxy Securities Institute sold 72.1228 million domestic air conditioners in January 2025, a slight drop of 1.5 per cent from the same year, mainly due to a fall in springtime; the export of 1,052.12 million, an increase of 17 per cent from the same year, continued to improve overseas demand.
4. Central air-conditioning: weak internal sales, strong exports, strong central air-conditioning export end performance. According to industry online data, central air-conditioning sales were 14.469 billion yuan in 2024. The volume of internal sales was $121.49 billion, a decline of 3.8 per cent from the previous year, mainly due to the continuing low real-estate market and the pace of industrial investment.
On the export side, Central Air Conditioning (CAC) exports amounted to $23.2 billion in 2024, an increase of 39.8% from the previous year, and the performance of the Central Air Conditioning Export (CAC) was strong as a result of the boom in the global data centre industry and the rapid growth of demand in emerging markets. From a one-month perspective, Central Air Condition (CAC) sales in December 2024 were $7.81 billion, an increase of 1.81% from the one-month increase.
Gradually positive; export sales of $2.310 billion, an increase of 60.33% over the same period, showed a stronger performance. Future export performance remains to be expected as the foreign emerging market needs are released.
In 2024, the global air-source heat pump market was disrupted by stock build-up and insufficient market demand. The overall performance of the annual heat pump in some European countries was weak, with sales of $14,411 million, or 0.4 per cent more than the previous year. On the export side, the outlet market has been affected by stock and subsidy retreats in recent years, and sales have continued down, reaching $5,306 million in 2024, a decline of 13.58 per cent compared with 13.58 per cent.
From a one-month point of view, the real estate market was under pressure, well-suited and retailed plates, and in 2024 there was an upswing in the list of sales in the heat pump, which grew by 4.88 per cent in December, and is expected to be associated with an improvement in the edge of the property. On the export side, from the second half of 2024, the Euro-American heat pump was gradually moving out of the reservoir cycle, with a one-month growth rate gradually improving, and in December, the heat pump exports grew by 9.84 per cent on a year-on-year basis, looking ahead to the future.
The heat pump exports are expected to continue to improve with the resumption of subsidies in some European countries, and developments in the refrigerators, washing machines, and the domestic market are becoming more and more saturated, with consumption dominated by upgrading.
In the second half of the year, with the revival of the domestic market for sales in the refrigerators, which grew by 3.11 per cent, the rate of growth has increased strongly. On the export side, my country’s electricity companies have been active in globalizing the layout, adding to the demand release in recent years in emerging market countries, it is clear that exports grew by 18.59 per cent in 2024, with a sharper performance.
In the category of washing machines, the potential demand has been effectively activated by the replacement of old and new policies, adding consumer preferences for high quality, energy-efficient products, promoting product structural upgrading, with a cumulative increase of 44.82 million in 2024, an increase of 6.7% compared to the previous year. In the case of exports, our washing machines have an advantage in terms of technology, cost, and volume production, adding to the customs concerns of overseas markets.
In December 2024, there were 4.167 million refrigerators and 4.192 million refrigerators, representing an increase of 11.89 per cent and 13.04 per cent, respectively, compared with the previous year.
In response to potential tariff policy changes, offshore channels have been active in building up reservoirs, and ice has been washed up with strong port performance. In the case of discharges, sales in refrigerators increased from February to April 2025 to last year’s performance, respectively, figure 27: The size of the refrigerator’s sales and exports within a month.
Figure 28: Mid-month refrigerator sales, same-year speed of exports, Figure 29: Scale of intra-month washing machine sales and exports, Figure 30: Monthly-month washing machine sales, same-year-time rate of exports
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.