A beautiful group (000333.sz) White Dragon Series: Dismantling the sea, the sea and the sea, and the future of b.
The company is the world’s largest household power company, with a business solution of c-products and robotics and automation, new energy sources and industrial technologies. The company’s combined growth from 2010 to 2023.
Since 2019, our power level has entered the 90 billion-dollar platform period, but overseas it has at least 30-100% growth potential. At the same time, household electricity taps have experienced a high rate of revenue from internal sales, with concentration showing a trend toward accelerated growth over the last five years.
According to the s0980523020001 sub-category, household air conditioners were sold in 2023 at close to 250 billion and their size is increasing in volatility, but at present there are 31 per cent of the urban rooms and 73 per cent of the rural rooms in the country without air conditioners.
Ice washing has entered the stock-up era, but it has been structurally pulled down and price increases have been robust. Small household electricity has been falling in size in recent years because of the optional properties of demand, but policy has been elastic. 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices.
There is still room for intra-household sales. For more than 40 years, the American conglomerate has been growing in size through multiple rounds of expansion and transformation, building leading competitive advantages, internal governance structures and incentives, and developing a network of channels and efficient large-scale manufacturing and R & D systems that cover the entire country.
Disaggregated intra-company sales, expected to maintain a robust 5% compound growth in household electricity sales over the next 10 years, while end-of-end sales are still a long-term, steady growth, snowy cash cow business.c End-of-door out-of-house sales: accelerating overseas layout, branding the sea. Global domestic electricity market size, 2023
At $37,557 billion, the combined growth rate reached 3.5% in 2017-2023, of which North America/Europe/China/price growth power has generally been relatively good. Global white penetration has not yet reached saturation, there is much room for upgrading in emerging markets such as South-East Asia, South Asia, Latin America, and Central and East Africa, and domestic air conditioning and refrigerators over the past six years.
The global electricity market is fragmented, with the share of the United States ranked first in the world in terms of revenue collection/global power consumption, reaching 6.6 per cent, of which 16.5 per cent was sold internally and 3.6 per cent was sold, and the three-quarterly review of America’s Group (0003333.sz)-2024: strong income resilience.
Construction of 17 R & D centres, 22 production and manufacturing bases, more than 100,000 channels, number of "America Group (000333.sz) 2024 mid-point evaluation: the acceleration of overseas development, which is all over the country, is expected to provide a strong support for overseas obm business development.
United States Group (000333.sz)-2023: significant increase in contractual liabilities, division of regions and surrogates and obm splits, expected revenue outlook of companies for the medium-term out/outlet of obm. United States Group (000333.sz)-2023: accelerated performance growth, mid-point evaluation of performance, mid-term evaluation of the United States Group (000333.sz)-2023
Business 2b: Industry space is wide, so there is a lot of industry space at the end of the company. The American Group (000333.sz) 2022 & the First Quarterly Review 2023: 97.8 billion a quarter, with 26% of the revenue, is generally low in the industry.
Disaggregate the operations at the end of company b, assuming a steady growth of the industry and a small increase in the number of companies in the market, the development outlook for the United States: overseas operations 0bm+2b are leading growth. The United States, in its diversified development, is building global leadership experience and capacity: building up advanced governance and incentives internally, and management is forward-looking.
The strategic layout and rapid response to the external environment, the executive and operational viability of the various departments, and the establishment of multi-level R & D systems, integrated supply chain management systems and a global network of channels, intelligent production plants are worldwide.
Of these, both offshore obm and 2b operations have the potential to double and are the main engines of company growth in the future. Profit forecasting and valuation: intra- and intra-firm competitive advantage, offshore obm and 2b operations are expected to be corporate-American groups: global power poles for sustained change achievements.
The company was founded in 1968. The company entered the plastic hardware industry, auto parts, generators, etc.: after a sharp discovery in 1980 of the huge business opportunities in the domestic electricity industry, it moved from the fans to the domestic electricity industry of air conditioners, rice, cookers, electric machines, dishwashers, refrigerators, washing machines, etc.
The company’s operations are currently divided into two major sections: smart households, and commercial and industrial solutions, which cover end-of-life electricity products such as air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, cooking power and small household appliances. Commercial and industrial solutions are divided into new energy and industrial technologies, smart architecture technology, robotics and automation.
In terms of income and sales, the company is the world’s largest power provider, with a share of 7.9% of global sales in 2023, ranking as the world’s third largest in the volume of empty ice washing, cooking power, and other household appliances.
From the point of view of the plastic hardware products, the company has become a multi-dimensional development and business strategy and organizational restructuring that has become a multi-billion-class, global technology enterprise across the b- and c-ends. We have divided the development of the company into a period of business start-up (1968-1992): cutting into the field of home power, with millions in revenue. In 1968, the company was founded.
In 1980, the company produced electrical fan accessories for Guangzhou Second Electrical Plant, and began to develop its own brand of self-produced fans and cut into the domestic electricity industry. In 1981, the company registered the “American” trademark, and the brand of the United States was born. In 1985, the company entered the air-conditioning industry.
In 1988, the company ' s internal and external sales went hand in hand with millions of dollars. The accelerated growth phase (1992-2010): horizontal expansion and vertical integration, with hundreds of billions of dollars in revenue.
The company began to expand at an accelerated pace, following a reform of its shareholding system, which took place the following year. In 1992, the company established a Willing Holding and entered the home electric power plant; in 1993, it entered the cooking industry and subsequently opened microwaves, drinking water machines, dishwashers, gas appliances, etc. In response to the gradual addition of home appliances,
In 1997, the company introduced a Ministry of Enterprise, which laid the foundation for the company’s move towards a modern organizational management structure. In 2002, the company entered the market for refrigerators and washing machines, followed by the acquisition and acquisition of companies such as the integration of honours, gills, swans, etc., to optimize the company’s placement in such operations as ice washing. In 2007, the company completed its investment in Viet Nam.
Production of the first offshore base; and establishment of several joint ventures abroad with Kelly in 2008-2013 to accelerate the pace of overseas development. In 2010, companies sold more than $100 billion. Quality development stage (2011-2019): efficiency gains, end of power.
\triangleright has developed and received mergers and acquisitions, and the ministries of industry have achieved rapid growth, with incomes rising by hundreds of billions, but there are also problems of swollen organization, inefficiency, and low profitability.
The three strategic axes of “River-driven, Global Operations” ranged from a quantitative to a qualitative shift in emphasis on growth, and contributed to a flat and efficient organizational structure. In 2012, America’s founding fathers took over from the board, Fang Hongbo took over, and companies accelerated their efficiency transition.
The net interest rate reached a record best level of 10.0%. The company then acquired the Italian Central Air Conditioning Company, Clivet, the German Kuka Robots, Israel High Starts, etc., b-executed operations such as layout robots and automation.
At the end of the year, the corporate restructuring of the corporate business architecture was as follows: Smart House, Mechanical and Power Enterprise, Heating and Building Enterprise, Robots and Automation, and Digital Innovation, integrating end- and end-of-business classification into end-of-services (c) and end-of-business (b) to achieve integrated sharing of resources, channels and clients; and upgrading of the strategic axis to read: “The Section”
Technology leadership, direct user access, smart drivers, global breakthroughs”, highlighting the strategic importance of science and technology, and enhancing the power of end-of-business and sales of obm. Equity structure: large shareholder ownership is stable, and management ownership incentives are adequate.
Since the company was listed, the equity structure has been stable, and for many years successive equity incentives and partnership schemes have fully tied core employee interests. As of 2024q3, the founder of the company was able to control 28.4% of the company’s shares indirectly through beautiful holding, with a steady and concentrated proportion, guaranteeing a stable management system and business strategy for the company.
Since the Division was listed as a whole, companies have begun to implement equity incentive schemes and partnership schemes, among others, 16 in 2014-2024 and 15 in 2014-2024, to fully bind management and core workforce interests and stimulate staff dynamics.
Figure 3: Group stock structure chart for the United States (up to 2024q3) Financial performance: growing internal and external sales and steadily improving business quality
In 2017, companies acquired the Kuka robot, increased demand in the industry, and increased the size of the collection, which remained largely static beyond faster growth.
As at $22.11 billion, with a compound growth rate of 8.8 per cent, the company's sales agent, parallel to the obm, collects and buys, while the company's heating air conditioners and consumer appliances account for about 40 per cent of the total. The heating air conditioner is the company's first largest business, accounting for 43.1 per cent of the revenue in 2023.
Other operations include smart supply chains, sale of domestic electricity raw materials, wholesale and processing operations, as well as financial operations such as deposit-taking, joint lending, consumer credit, buyer credit and financial leasing, which in 2023 amounted to 7.9 per cent of the revenue, with companies predominantly engaged in heating air conditioning and consumer appliances, with a more stable share of the income of each business block.
The company ' s Māori rate, which was affected by the air-conditioning operations, recovered gradually in 2020 and 2021. The company ' s higher cost of materials had significantly decreased. But with the restructuring of its products and higher prices of raw materials.
The recovery in Māori sales has been slow, and is expected to be dominated by relatively rapid price and product adjustments. The company’s warming has returned to 26.4%, and there is still room for improvement; the consumption and appliances Māori rate has been affected by a relatively small number of companies, where the cost of sales has been significantly reduced, research and development inputs have increased, and management and financial costs have been relatively stable.
The profits increased from $3.7 billion to $33.7 billion, with a compound increase of 18.4 per cent well higher than the income growth of the same period. Companies have been 9 per cent. The subsequent net return interest rates fluctuated because of factors such as the cost of raw materials, price competition, but they are all at the best level.
C end-of-service sales: Zhang, steady expansion, and in more than 40 years of the company's history of home-based electricity development, the beauty of the United States has continued to grow in size through multiple rounds of business expansion and transformation, and its capacity has evolved to become the master of household electricity.
Normal, domestic sales are slowing down, but America’s rapid adjustment of its annual business approach is driving a steady expansion in size and improving the quality of its operations. Looking ahead to domestic sales, though facing a lopsided market, companies have the world’s leading retail capacity and brand layout, taking into account China’s electricity supply.
There is still room for increased penetration of air conditioners in the market, as ice-washing products lead to higher average prices through product structure upgrades, and models continue to rise, and the domestic market remains a long-term, steady growth, snowy track with long slopes, believing that the American conglomerates can still deliver on the scale of domestic sales through flexible business strategies and strong organizational dynamism.
The domestic electricity industry: the potential for growth remains, the concentration accelerates, and our electricity sector has grown exponentially, and since 2019, our electricity retailing has entered the 90 billion-dollar platform period. According to Ovie Clouds, the country’s electricity retailing has grown rapidly by 2011.
The size grew from $331.1 billion in 2004 to $626.5 billion in 2011, with an annual compound increase of 9.5 per cent. Subsequently, domestic electricity retailing grew at $600 billion + a five-year period, bursting at $700 billion in 2016 at a time when the real-estate market was warming, and then steadily increased to $891 billion in 2019.
The size of our country ' s electricity retailing is once again entering the platform period, with averages for 2020-2023, small household appliances (magnetic pressurized bean water, electric boilers, ovens, raw pots, coffee machines), dishwashers, microwaves, electric ovens, vacuum cleaners, purifiers, water purifiers, fans, heaters.
But compared to overseas, there is a growth potential of more than 30%/100% in electricity sales in my country. For example, in Europe, the amount/volume of domestic electricity retailing in all regions, except for local population size, in 2023 our per capita electricity sales were 0.58 units/persons, higher than the global average of 0.38 units/persons, and higher than in Latin America, Central and Eastern Africa, India.
However, for the target developed countries, the difference is still clear, with North America, Western Europe, and Australia selling more than one per person. For Japan, which is closer to the country’s living and eating habits, Japan’s per capita household electricity sales were 0.77 per person in 2023, with 33.3 per cent of the country’s capacity for upgrading.
The difference between the country and the developed countries is even more marked. In 2023, our per capita household electricity consumption was $85.5 per person, a difference of 119.8% from Japan, and a gap of more than 200% from developed regions, such as the US and Europe.
In terms of per capita consumption, we have at least 30% of the growth space for advanced economies like Japan: in terms of volume, at least there is room for growth.
Although the size of our national electricity retailing is entering the platform period, since 2019 the electricity revenues of domestic consumers, such as the electric taps, Hale and others, have been innovative and growing in scale. We look at the internal sales of the white taps, minus logistics, other major businesses, etc., as domestic sales (taking into account the fact that sales outside the robotic and automated business of the United States are the main ones).
And the scale is small, with internal sales revenue minus revenue from other majors and other businesses as domestic electricity sales, and household electricity sales in the United States reached a new peak of over 130 billion in 2023 after spending more than $130 billion in 2019-2020. The power pressure is relative, with domestic electricity sales peaking at 137.2 billion in 2018.
In 2023, the main income, other business income, but also income from robotic and automated sales, and Hale's home sales income, minus channel combined services and other retail sales in the combined electricity industry, have continued to rise, with household telecentres rising in concentration over the last five years.
The trend is accelerating. In conjunction with the central air-conditioning data from the Ovieun network, we have access to the headlines of household electricity. The share of home electricity in the United States, Haile, Hein, etc., continues to be mentioned. Intra-house sales in the United States rose from 7.5% to 12.8%, with 5.3 pct increasing over five years; 2018-2023.
Our country’s electric taps are now reinforcing the leading edges of the break-down channels, leaving relatively little space for small and medium brands, and is expected to continue the subsequent trend of increasing concentration. Intra-firm sales are minus revenue from logistics, other major business, etc., that is not related to domestic electricity; and intra-American sales include income from robotic and automated internal sales.
But it is expected to be small in size, with little impact on the calculation of the city ' s share: the optionals have been under pressure in recent years, the beauty continues to be adjusted, the share is ahead, and small household electricity needs are relatively optional compared to empty ice washes, and some of them exist compared to simple white power operations.
There is a need for post-cleaning, etc. The demand for small household electricity is more affected by the consumption environment. Since 2020, there have been signs of pressure on the size of the small household electricity sector, particularly the longer end of the kitchen, which has a strong optional attribute. Data from the Integrated Ovie Cloud Network and the National Information Centre for Electrical Industries, 2019-2020.
The size of our small household electricity industry, once over 150 billion dollars a year, has been declining since then. In 2023, the small household electricity industry was set at only $124.6 billion.
Small household appliances, such as vacuum cleaners, through several rotations of product expansion and product efficiency (e.g., 2022 compressed partial non-core products), companies have gradually established a leading position in the small household electricity sector, where the advantage of beauty creation is more pronounced in the larger needs categories, such as cooking, hot water kettles, electric fans, electromagnetic stoves, etc.
According to company announcements, the company ranked first in 2023 at 39.4% and 43.7%/41.9%/46.9% of the retail sales below the bar for rice/panks/heat kettles/electric magnets, and 26.9%/22.8%/26.4%/55.2% of the retail sales in the online market, respectively, with the same position at the head.
On the other hand, according to data from Kutsu Platform, the share of retail sales in the online small household electricity sector in 2023 was 12.1%; given the relatively high barriers to and concentration of access below the wire line and the higher share of the U.S. sub-channel market, companies are expected to have a much smaller share in the overall small household electricity market.
The second largest share of household electricity is in Soupor, with a retail share of 6.8% in 2023, which is not a small difference from the US’s presence. Air conditioning: growing in size, America’s progress towards becoming the first, in 2023, close to a hundred million air conditioners, has reached an all-time high of 248.8 billion yuan.
Since the 1980s, the demand for air-conditioning has erupted, with a large number of electricity companies joining forces to promote the industry, which is the most marketed category of household electricity (industrial online data). In January-November 2024, the country was benefiting from an old policy of replacing it with an increase of 3.9 per cent to 9.679 million, which is projected to be in 2024.
At present, more than 30% of our urban households have air conditioners and more than 70% of our rural households have room for installation. According to data from the National Statistical Office, in 2023 there were 171.7 and 105.7 units per 100 inhabitants of urban/rural air conditioners, respectively.
Households, of which 2.49 are urban, 3.23 are urban, 3.86 are rural, according to the census, that is, not all rooms in the country, whether urban or rural, are equipped with air conditioners. On the basis of the above data, the number of rooms per 100 households in urban areas is 249 (assuming urban)
The number of rooms per household remains at 2.49 per household in 2020, but the number of air-conditioning units is 172, and 31% of urban households are still in urban areas.
Calculated (assuming 3.86 units/households at the time of maintaining 2020 census data), they hold 106 air conditioners and 73 per cent of rural rooms are not equipped with air conditioners; in addition, in comparison with Japan, they held 240.6 air conditioners in 2023, and our urban homes
There is still much room for improvement in the air-conditioning holdings of courthouses and rural households. But the housing structure, weather, etc. in Japan is somewhat different from the domestic ones and not entirely consistent with the targets, but given the country’s sustained growth in economic levels and consumption capacity, it is still expected that our air-conditioning holdings will increase further.
The oligarchic pattern in the air-conditioning sector has been largely stable, and the beauty of the United States is expected to consolidate its output through multi-brand, multi-channel layout. The air-conditioning industry has been baptized through several rounds of price warfare, resulting in the creation of a double-leading authority with beauty and gravity. Industry online data show that the share of both shipments was around 30% in 2023.
So, as a result of the change in overall consumption trends, the share of small and medium brands in positioning value has risen. But the head card has a relatively mature coping strategy, and the beauty of the market through brandy, small swan-bit air-conditioning, while maintaining a high-end position in the main brand, has secured the share of the total delivery since this year.
At the end of the country replenishment cycle, the United States benefits more from the policy dividend, with a significant increase in its share, by means of a wide array of channels and product lines under the line line. In terms of the long-cycle dimension of competition, head brands have a cost advantage for the integration of the chain, more channels under the line line, and many years of brand influence.
With some relative flexibility and strong competitive ownership, the air-conditioning poles are expected to maintain a leading market share. Ice-washing: stock-up is dominated, structural upgrading leads to higher average prices, and our ice-washing is already in the saturation penetration phase, with the need for renewal dominated by relatively stable sales in recent years.
Industry online data show that the size of our ice shuffling has remained at between 40 and 45 million since 2017. In the middle, although it has been influenced by factors such as real estate, epidemics, and weak consumption, the overall rate of growth has fluctuated less and the size of the industry has stabilized.
According to the data, in 2017, we had more than 95 per cent of households in urban areas, 90 per cent in rural areas, 100 per cent in urban areas and 100 per cent in rural areas, and 98 per cent in urban areas and 98 per cent in rural areas, all of which are saturated.
Although the amount of ice shrouding has entered a steady period, the price of quality upgrades has led to a steady increase in the size of the industry. According to the Ovie cloud network, the average price of ice shuffling has risen steadily, and the refrigerators have been retailed on average.
The price rose from $2336 in 2010 to $3480 in 2023, with an annual compound increase of 3.1 per cent; the average retail price of the washing machine, the national ice-washing product, which was constantly rising from the large capacity of the refrigerator, to the double door to the cross, to the present, to the levelling and integration of the home; the washing machine is also being upgraded in the direction of rollers, large capacity, etc.
According to industry data online, Heil's share is the highest in the ice-washing industry, with 35.5% of refrigerator sales and washing machines in 2023.
The market was 39.8% and the market was growing steadily. The market share of the United States in the ice-washing industry was also rising, with the refrigerator sector increasing from less than 8% in 2013 to 15.8% in 2023, and the former beauty was forming different brands through multi-brand layouts, with colmo, Toshiba, small swans, beauty, etc.
Product positioning, increased coverage of multi-product types of ice-washing, is expected to enhance the share advantage of ice-washing. U.S. home-based sales: Chang is in order, moving forward is strong, motivates the Ministry of Enterprise to become more autonomous, and management to respond quickly to strategic changes.
It is the firm’s strong business initiative and enforcement, with strong incentives, and its management’s rapid and timely strategic transition adjustment. During the industry’s dividend period, the company can achieve rapid entry and deployment, while the industry is under pressure.
It can also be adjusted in a timely manner to increase profitability. Between expansion and contraction, companies achieve a ladder rise in the size and quality of their collections, and eventually, while the size of their collections is growing, they can still sustain and even increase at a higher level.
The 1997 strategic contraction led to the introduction of the Ministry of Enterprise system: after the change in stock in 1992, the company was rapidly expanding in terms of goods, and the size of the collection grew rapidly from less than 500 million in 1992 to 2.5 billion in 1996, but the net interest rate fell rapidly from 20 per cent to 4.3 per cent, and the net profit in 1996 was even lower than in 1993.
The Division began its first strategic contraction, improved efficiency and introduced a business department system that gives full decentralization and incentives to the various departments. The corporate headquarters is responsible for strategic planning, investment decision-making, fund finance, etc. The department has full autonomy in procurement, production, sales, personnel appointments and dismissals, and has taken over the corporate team.
Nuclear objectives and “simulating shares” incentives. In 1997, corporate revenue fell by 13%, but net interest rates rose by 1.8 pct, and net profits grew in reverse. Subsequently, the dynamism of the ministries was fully demonstrated by the creation of industry groups in 2002 to enhance internal synergies: as the ministries of industry developed at a rapid rate, they were inefficient.
The lack of effective integration of resources has been highlighted, with net corporate interest rates falling to 3.2 per cent in 2002 and net home country interest rates of only 1.4 per cent, so that companies have established refrigeration groups and solar power groups to manage air conditioning, central air conditioning, refrigerators and appliances, electromechanicals, etc. under their respective flags in order to achieve better coordination between operations.
In 2004-2005, the integration effect was initially reflected in a steady increase in corporate profitability, and in 2006 the company established a separate Mechanical and Electrical Equipment Group for spare parts operations, comprising three major industry groups for R & D, together with the Refrigeration Group, which formerly administered White Power, and the Solar House Group, which manages small household electricity operations.
Better synergy in marketing. After that, net corporate interest rates were further repaired, reaching 5.9 per cent in 2010, streamlining institutions and operations in 2011 and improving efficiency: at the end of 2011, companies were keenly aware of the impact of the downside of the post-household power policy, while the internal profit margin fell again, and corporate management was determined to return to business again.
Initiation of “product leadership, efficiency drive, global operations” changes, elimination of industry groups, return to the Ministry of Enterprise structure, shortening the decision-making chain, cutting off non-core operations and products. In 2015, further clarification was made of business-oriented units and headquarters functions, such as audits, and synergies platforms such as research and development.
The architecture, which divides the c-end home-based business into a group of smart-housers to achieve better synergy of channels and resources, and highlights four major b-end business blocks to show direction for the company's further development; and establishes the strategic axis of “Technology lead, user straight, mind-driven, global breakthroughs”.
The changing domestic and foreign situation, as well as the fact that companies have repeatedly established annual operating principles, such as “Reconciling income, profit recovery” in 2022 and “Stable profits, driving growth” in 2023, has led companies to achieve good business chain integration and efficient t+3 operations, leading by cost advantage.
The company continued to build the integration of the upstream core parts industry, which became the world’s largest supplier of white compressors and electric generators. The company’s upstream core parts business started in 1992 with the registration of the Veer Gear; in 1999, the company acquired 60% of Smurfette’s shares and successfully entered the air-conditioning compressor industry.
Construction of factories and research and development test centres in Fat, Lake, Changzhou, etc., with capacity to produce annual air-conditioning compressors and power plants for hundreds of millions. In September 2024, more than 1 billion air-conditioning compressors were offline. By volume, the share of public-sector air-conditioning compressors was more than 45% worldwide, 40% of the world ' s domestic air-conditioning power units and washing machines.
The integrated layout of the core parts, which secures the supply and quality of the company’s products, gives the company access to core skills, saves profits from the components, strengthens the company’s voice in the industrial chain and allows the company to be present.
In the case of corporeal holdings, for example, compressors and power generators account for 35% of the total cost, based on a net interest rate of 8% on compressors and electrical products, and the net profit of compressors and power generators accounts for 2.8% of the total cost of air conditioning, and 30% of the gross price of air conditioners, or about 30% of the price of air conditioners.
So, for the higher cost of core parts and components, the enhanced industry chain integration can significantly increase the profitability of the business and thus have a preponderance in price competition. We also see that the more integrated American groups in the air-conditioning industry and the more powerful electric appliances are better at the profitability of the air-conditioning business.
In addition, while the layout of the core parts enhances the competitiveness of the company's home power business, the expansion of the household power business has also contributed to the scaling advantage of the core parts business, which are mutually reinforcing and jointly safeguard home power owners, as shown in figure 32: The profitability of air-conditioning enterprises that are more integrated in the industrial chain is significantly higher
Profit margins; Hysin household air-conditioning subsectors use company air-conditioning segment data minus Hysin-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi. The company also introduced the “t+3” production model to increase efficiency in whole-chain production operations.
In 2016, the company began to promote the new product model of the t+3 customer order system in the group. The t+3 model is to divide the product chain into four stages, one for channel customers, one for material preparation, one for manufactured products, one for logistics, and one for the entire delivery cycle within 12 days.
t+3 is a delivery strategy for production according to a customer order, and all production is supported by a customer order. The “stock-based production” strategy adopted in the United States, whereby production is based on stock targets, and sales plans are often based on stock, may be out of the real demand in the market.
Demand pulls up, increases the speed with which production and sales respond to demand, pushes manufacturing capacity up through two-way tests, speeds up turnover, and enhances market competitiveness. In the case of small swans, net interest rates have increased significantly since 2014, with business cycles and stock turnover declining significantly compared to previous days.
Figure 35: Net interest rate increases for small swans since 2014 are evident, and there is a continuous push for change in channels, wide distribution of channels, changes in the company ' s system of channels over the years, and the company is now finished with the industry.
A wide network of channels, full and geographically, can quickly meet the demand for online shopping. Before 2005, the company started exploring local joint ventures, weakening primary agents, and strengthening channel control.
The business is integrated into the Chinese marketing headquarters, and regional markets are managed by local joint-venture sales companies, which manage domestic sales. But, in the late stages of home power subsidies, there is a growing contradiction between the redundancy of sales company personnel. In 2011, the company returned to the agency of the ice-washing sales model, and air conditioning was still the responsibility of the local joint-stock companies.
The company has now developed a full-scale network layout under the company line that covers all levels of markets, from first-line cities to townships;
The system has nearly 20,000 web sites, covering different types of pre-sports, flag shops, professional stores, and multi-pricing stores, which meet the different needs of users from new to updated ones.
After the channel has been flattened, the company is accelerating dtc (directto customer) by digitizing the process to reach users at the lowest cost and most quickly. The company continues to drive the channel change and is pushing the channel dtc in depth, focusing on the development and use of retail capacity around the customer and the user.
Household operations are upgraded to improve service, product, supply chain, etc., end-to-end full-link experiences. In specialized stores, for example, through the provision of time-sensitive, overpayment, policy simplicity online, cloud-bureau enabling systems, to improve delivery efficiency and client liquidity by promoting stock-sharing, off-line products, etc.
The pool is interoperable, leading to an innovation in a one-stop shop-sharing business model to increase the availability and turnover of outlets; online access channels, with user-centred and digital retailing, optimizes retail resources and policies, promotes multi-market business models, and enhances user experience.
In the past few years of American development, we've seen companies move up in scale and quality through strong incentives for a strong business dynamic, with management's vision and rapid adjustment.
And there are many channels and large-scale production systems that cover the whole country. Looking ahead, we think that these capabilities and resources are still at the top of the world's domestic power industry, and that they are likely to lead to further development of intra-firm sales, and that in the context of future wiping, branding, and compartmentalization of channels, companies are expected to do so again.
We split the company's domestic sales business into C-end air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, small household appliances and cooking power, and we expect 60% of the growth in the company's intra-power sales over the next 10 years.
Overseas domestic electricity markets are growing better than home, and emerging markets have penetration rates that increase space. The global domestic electricity market is growing more robustly than the domestic market. Combined with Euro-Wise and Frost Sullivan, the global electricity market is showing robust growth, with a compound growth rate of 3.5% in 2017-2023.
With 3.7% growth, the growth of the overseas domestic electricity market is generally better than domestic. The global electricity market has a four-way pattern, with the global electricity market reaching $37,55.7 billion in 2023, with China accounting for 22.7%, North America for 22.5%, Europe for 21.9%, and other countries and regions for 32.9%.
The Frost Sullivan report predicts that the global domestic electricity market is expected to maintain a compound growth rate of 4.2 per cent in 2023-2027, with North America, Europe and other countries and regions expected to grow at a compound rate of 1.4 per cent/2.1 per cent/6.6 per cent, respectively, while other countries and regions are expected to become the main drivers of growth in the power sector in the coming years as the economy develops.
From the point of view of penetration, global white power penetration has not reached saturation, with large upscaling spaces in emerging markets such as South-East Asia, South Asia, Latin America, and Central and East Africa. Ewy data show global air-conditioning penetration of 52.2% in 2023, refrigerator penetration of 80.3%, washing machine penetration of 70.8%, and none of the saturation sub-regions.
In China, North America, Europe, and Australia, white power penetration is largely saturated due to high levels of per capita income (with low air-conditioning penetration, including in Europe, expected to be primarily and locally related); and in developing regions such as South-East Asia, South Asia, Latin America and Central and Eastern Africa, white power penetration is generally low, with air-conditioning penetration being in the vicinity of 30 per cent.
At present, such as in South-East Asia and South Asia, where per capita gdp is growing faster and white power penetration is increasing rapidly, the power sector is expected to continue its longer-term trend, providing a sustained dynamic for growth in the global domestic electricity market.
By category, household air conditioners and refrigerators grew at a relatively faster rate in 2017-2023. The Frost Sullivan report shows that global household air conditioners increased by 4.1% in 2017-2023, refrigerators and washing machines by 4.6% and 3.0%, cooking power and small household by 3.1%, and air and refrigerator growth was relative.
For the subregion, the growth in household air conditioners is mainly attributable to Europe (10.9 per cent compound growth in 2017-2023) and North America (8.1 per cent compound growth in 2017-2023), and to other regions at 3.9 per cent compound growth rates.
Figure 45: A steady increase in sales of overseas cooking power and small household electricity ($1 billion) shows that household air conditioning is dominated by China in terms of distribution of products, with higher sales of ice washing, cooking power and small household electricity in overseas areas. According to the Frost Sullivan report, in 2023, the global total of cooking and small household electricity in domestic electricity was calculated to be the highest.
The model was the largest, with 44%, followed by domestic air conditioning, with 23%, and refrigerators and washing machines, with 14% and 19% respectively. However, domestic air conditioning was dominated by China, which accounted for 41% of global sales in 2023, Europe only 8%, North America less than 6%, and other regions 46%.
See, in 2023, 18 per cent of household electricity sales were made by air conditioners, 36 per cent by ice washing, 46 per cent by cooking and small household electricity, and slightly higher by ice washing.
In 2023, the U.S. share of home brand sales was 8 per cent worldwide, but the share of overseas sales was only 2 per cent.
8%. The electricity industry competes more globally, with the Frost Sullivan report showing that in 2023 there were about 60,000 home-based enterprises worldwide, of which the American conglomerates received 246.4 billion electricity camps worldwide. First, the corresponding market was 6.6%, based on global domestic sales of 3755.7 billion.
The share is 16.5% and 3.6%, assuming that home brands account for 40% of external sales, while the United States brands account for 1.5% in overseas markets. (Note: The market rate is based on revenue/house electricity sales, and the real market share is higher given that the terminal price is higher than the price of the plant.)
The real market share will be higher, and the market share for the United States in terms of sales is much higher, but the share for overseas sales is also significantly lower than in the country. In 2023, the US electricity sales were 320 million, about 10.5% of the world's electricity sales.
Brand sales accounted for 240 million, or 7.9 per cent of global sales; substitute sales were expected to reach 81.5 million, or 2.7 per cent of global sales; home-owned intra-brand sales accounted for 190 million, or 25.5 per cent, of electricity sales in the Central African Republic; and foreign-owned sales accounted for 50.4 million, or 2.2 per cent, of electricity sales abroad.
Apart from the United States, there is a relatively low market share for other electricity companies, with the second largest market share for the industry being only 4.0%, and the top five, with a combined 20.8%, with a more fragmented pattern. From the retail caliber of Ei-Wi-Wi, beauty brands have a higher market share in the electricity sector globally, and in the middle.
East Africa, Asia and the Pacific, Eastern Europe, Latin America, etc. have a share, but they have a lower share in the small household electricity sector. According to Ei-We’s retail-calibre statistics, America’s global retail share of its own brand was 5.4% in 2023, ranking first in the world’s electricity sales, with the share of electricity retailing being 6.3% for everyone and 5.2% for small households.
The share of retail sales by companies in the Asia-Pacific region was relatively high, followed by the regions of Central and Eastern Africa, Latin America and Eastern Europe. The share of retail sales by companies in the Asia-Pacific region was 11.3 per cent in 2023, with the exception of China, where the share of cities in Asia and the Pacific was 13.1 per cent/54 per cent/for Central and Eastern Africa/Eastern Europe/North America/Australia/Western Europe, respectively.
Small household electricity in Asia and the Pacific/Asia and the Pacific except Central Asia/East and Central Africa/L. This is mainly due to the low technical threshold of small household electricity and its local characteristics and differentiation, which make it more difficult for small household electricity enterprises in other countries to access local markets. As a result, we see that small global household electricity patterns are more fragmented than those of everyone.
In 2023, the global electricity retailing volume was 45.2 per cent, while the small electricity retailing volume was only 18.9 per cent. (People's electricity consists of refrigerators, washing machines, dishwashers, cooking power, microwaves, small household appliances, air treatment products (including household air conditioning), kitchen appliances, small household appliances, cleaning appliances, etc.)
Classes include air treatment products (including household air conditioning), small kitchen appliances, small household appliances, cleaning appliances, etc., similar to the global breakthroughs, where the U.S. overseas obm can do a lot of sales since the 1980s, initially for substitute workers.
The international headquarters in Limé, which is responsible for coordinating the planning of its own overseas branding operations, promotes a shift from a “oem-based” to a “obm-based” model of external sales to a “obm-based” pattern of organization that supports “China exports” to “local operations” and strengthens overseas localization operations and home branding.
By the end of 2020, the company established the “global breakthrough” as one of its strategic axes, with the offshore obm as an important engine for its future growth.
The company has established 17 R & D centres abroad, 22 manufacturing bases, regional headquarters in Europe, Central and East Africa, and the United States, with 5,000 after-sales outlets, and an estimated 100,000 overseas autonomous branding outlets.
As the company’s products are further refined and branded influence gradually developed, with the company’s worldwide networks and production and manufacturing systems, there is much room for growth in the company’s overseas operations of 0bm. According to our calculations and assumptions,
The distribution of corporate external sales revenues into global regions such as North America, South America, Western Europe and Eastern Europe, with a relatively high share of substitute workers by developed countries, with developing regions dominated by obm, divided into surrogates and obm revenues; given the difficulty of accounting for the local market share of companies, we use the expected value of local collections/the size of the local power industry as a factor
Assumptions that companies have more or less the same presence in foreign firms and that their own branding has continued to increase with the further expansion of their products, brand influence, and channels, with a larger share in developing regions (foreseeing obm as 10%) and a greater degree of difficulty in developed countries (for far-reaching).
In the medium term, we expect to generate $152.4 billion in corporate export revenues, up from 45 per cent in 2023, and up from $141.1 billion in 2023, of which 0bm was sold internally.
With a view to reaching $244.2 billion, there is a 132 per cent growth space compared to the year 2023 in overseas household electricity camps, of which the obm operation has seen a faster increase in the share of cities in developing regions, while the slower basic principle of upgrading in developed regions has been estimated; no account has been taken of the future growth in the size of the overseas domestic electricity market, which is likely to increase more rapidly in United States overseas operations in the light of the growth in Frostsley.
Business 2b: Industry space, followed by company business 2b, which consists mainly of new energy and industrial technologies, smart architecture technology, robotics and automation, digital innovation, and four major sections.
At the end of 2020, the company changed its business architecture into a smart-house business, a machine, a power enterprise (later upgraded to new energy and industrial technology), a heating and building department (later upgraded to smart technology), a robotics and automation department and five major business units of digital innovation.
In 2023, the size of corporate b-side operations reached $978 billion, accounting for 26.2% of the company ' s total revenues, with robotics and automation, smart architecture technology, new energy sources, and industrial technology. Figure 58: American Group 2b operations are divided into four major sections: new energy and industrial technology, smart architecture technology, robots and automation.
New energy and industrial technologies: enabling powered household power components, fast-growing new energy operations New energy and industrial technologies are mainly products and solutions for industrial applications and energy management, including household appliances compressors, home appliances, industrial control systems and energy solutions, energy solutions
Programs include storage and new energy car heat management systems. According to Frost Sullivan, 2023 new energy household compressors and electric power generators: combined sales of domestic compressors and electric machines reached 3,39.5 billion \triangleright in 2023.
Industrial control systems: Global Industrial Control System market sales reached $131.2 billion in 2023, with domestic sales of $45.2 billion, overseas sales of $86 billion and a combined increase of 3.8 per cent between 2023 and 2027, respectively, in 2017 and 2023 and 2023 respectively.
5.2 per cent and 3.1 per cent, respectively, overseas, of new-energy car heat management: in 2023, new-energy car heat management was sold on a scale of 102 billion yuan and its \triangleright
The United States has a higher share of home-based electricity components, with only about 1% in other industries. With the company’s higher share of home-based air-conditioning and ice-washing industries worldwide, the company’s core white-power components are gradually doing a great job, and its share is ahead. In terms of production, the company’s global market for home-based compressors accounted for 30.3% in 2023, the world’s largest share.
I. Air conditioners and washing machines are also among the world ' s top producers, with production rates of 40.0 per cent and 22.0 per cent, respectively. From revenue, we calculate the company ' s revenues from new energy and industrial technologies, minus revenues from new energy and industrial technologies, less revenues from lyconium, koroelectronics, and less estimated revenues from vehicle spare parts, which are expected to reach $22.3 billion.
Around 6.6 per cent of the global sales of household compressors and electric generators are relatively low on other plates, and according to corporate announcements, companies accounted for about 0.9 per cent of the market share of global industrial control systems in 2023, about 1.6 per cent of the global energy storage market and about 0.6 per cent of the global heat management market for new energy vehicles.
The American group has been developing new energy and industrial technologies in an increasingly advanced way. The U.S. machine and electric business started in 1992 with the registration of the Wierdom electric power plant, and the company acquired Smurfette in 1999 to successfully enter the air-conditioning compressor industry.
By 2021, 100 million annual air-conditioning compressors, 45 million refrigerator compressors, and 230 million electric power plants were in place. In 2015, Moe Chi and Willing were integrated into the United States “Ministry of Works” and the business map has been expanding since then, when the company established the Willing Motor Parts and America Half-conductor Limited to access intelligent traffic and consumption.
Electronics semiconductor segmentation. New energy holdings acquired in 2020 into green energy business. In 2021, the company ' s car parts fixation project produced volume and American chips realized volume production. In 2022, the company acquired shares in the electronics control of the land and strengthened the layout of the new energy sector.
The company’s new energy and industrial technology module is strengthening technology research and development, relying on the group’s client resources, and is expected to make a breakthrough. The United States group set up a strategic axis of “technology leading” by 2020, with technology and innovation as its main engine.
The company’s new energy and industrial technologies have been building up from an early age, and it has been taking power, compressors, car heat management, valves, home power control chips, and so on, to do so on a large scale. Relying on the bulk of the group’s research and development inputs and rich customers, channel resources, company new energy, and industrial technologies.
We split the company's new energy and industrial technologies into four main sections, looking at future medium-term and future market rates and revenues, assuming medium-term market shares for parts such as household compressors and electric machines, steady increases in the medium-term municipal share of industrial control systems and storage facilities, and a near-term market share of domestic parts and components.
In the case of cities, which account for more than half of the total, in the case of medium-term auto heat management, which has reached the current level of half of domestic parts and components, and in the case of future cities, which have slightly higher levels of domestic parts and components, medium-term and long-term revenues are based on the projected global scale of industry in 2027.
Smart architecture technology: Elevator and building control is a huge space, and America’s corporate smart architecture and technology business at the beginning of the central air conditioning process provides hardware and software products such as commercial air conditioning, elevators, building control software, and smart fire safety and security systems.
The size of the science and technology sector reached 18,544 million yuan, with a combined increase of 9.1 per cent between 2017 and 2023; among these, the size of the Chinese industry increased by 9.3 per cent, as a result of the global carbon reduction trend, the development of digital cities and the renovation of old buildings, Ferro expects the size of the intelligent architecture and technology industry to be dominated by elevators and central air conditioning.
In 2023, we produced 1.57 million elevators, escalators and lifts; according to the General Customs Department, the average price of our elevators and escalators exported in 2023 was $22,000, equivalent to $157,000 for the average price of the industry, and the projected value of our elevators, escalators and lifts in 2023 was approximately $24.51 billion.
The size of the elevator is expected to be approximately $22.97 billion, less the export value. The online data for industry show that in 2023 we sold $126.3 billion in the central air conditioner. Combined with the above data, the size of the intelligent architecture and technology industry in 2023 is expected to be 40 per cent, the central air conditioner industry 22 per cent, and the building control software.
The US has a leading market share in commercial air-conditioning, with lower projected rates for elevators, building-controlled software, etc. The country’s market for intelligent architecture technology is relatively fragmented, and elevators do not overlap with commercial air-conditioning providers for revenue.
In 2023, it was calculated that smart architecture technology in the United States ranked fifth in the Chinese market, with a market share of 2.7 per cent, and industry ' s share of cr5 was about 17.8 per cent. The company ' s share was expected to be mainly in commercial air conditioners, with air conditioners accounting for 14.3 per cent of the domestic market share in 2023, and the share of elevators was expected to be 0.9 per cent.
At the global level, the global share of corporate smart architecture technology is 1.4%; companies account for 6.6% of the world’s markets in commercial air conditioning, ranking fifth. Corporate smart architecture technology continues to grow, and is now strengthening its position in elevators and building control software.
America’s smart architecture and technology business began in 1999 with the creation of a commercial equipment company in the United States, and in 2004 with the acquisition of Chongqing General Corporation, which has accumulated expertise in refrigeration technology for more than 40 years, thereby fully entering the large central air-conditioning sector. Since then, the company has continued to enrich the central air-conditioning product line and has successfully joined the country’s first central air-conditioning camp, 2016.
In November 2024, the company announced the acquisition of a Chinese hold on the Toshigi elevator, thereby strengthening its position in the area of elevators.
American smart architecture technology has now formed four major panels of heating systems, building intelligence, elevator operations, and energy management to enable the development of other panels together. American smart architecture technology is positioned on building architecture, integrated solutions service providers, focused on building products, services and related industries, using the building digital service platform.
At the core, it provides access to the building traffic flow, information flow, experience flow, energy flow, products covering multiple online groups, large cold water units, units, air conditioning units, escalators, lifts, lifts, lifts, and weak building self-control software and electrical integration solutions.
Motivation, material networking, building maintenance, etc.) and, taking into account the real state of construction operations in China, autonomously develop core hardware, software, algorithms, deep-plough businesses, medical care, transportation, data centres, etc., and create new design, construction and transport models for “smart buildings” to achieve the best efficiency throughout the life cycle, provide intelligent users,
Through the commercial air conditioning drive and the resource endowment of the American consortium, corporate elevators and building control software have grown dramatically. We have divided corporate smart architecture technology into three major industries: commercial air conditioning, elevators, building control software.
On the basis of this, we look at the market share of smart architecture technology in the medium- and long-term:
1) Medium-term outlook, assuming a steady increase in the global share of corporate commercial air conditioners to 6.5%, and currently lower in elevator operations, assuming 1% through the integration of Toshiba elevators and 1% in other business markets such as building control software; 2) Forward outlook, assuming that the global share of commercial air conditioners is raised to 8% through company development
The global market share for building control software is 2.5% for commercial air conditioners in 2023. Using Ferro Stallivin's forecast of industry size in 2027 as an assumption of medium- and long-term industry size, it is expected that corporate intelligence robotics and automation: Kuka is a global leader, reinforcing Chinese layout.
Industrial robotics and automation are mainly solutions for robotics and industrial automation used in manufacturing processes. The global market for industrial robots and automation reached $142.1 billion in 2023, with annual compound growth rates of +13.0%/-0.7% respectively in 2017-2023.
The industrial robot industry is expected to continue to grow steadily, with the increase in the range of electrical/electronic, automobile, metal, and mechanical applications and the growth of domestic and foreign manufacturing. According to Frost Sullivan, the Chinese industrial robotics and automation are expected to be protected in 2023-2027.
Industrial robot industry barriers and concentration are high, and the U.S. industrial robot business is the third largest in the world. The Froth Tessalivian data show that the U.S. industrial robot earns 8.9% of the global market in terms of income.
The U.S. corporate robotics and automation business, which originated from the need for intelligence manufacturing, began in 2012 with the automation of factories, and has accumulated nearly 1,000 robots by the end of 2015.
In early 2017, the company acquired 94.55% of the shares of Kuka Robotics to become a leading Chinese and global firm in the field of robotics and automation. Since then, the company has developed in collaboration with Kuka, and in 2018, the company will build a bank.
The general industrial operations in China are combined with those of the Swiss G (Kuka subsidiary) with 50 per cent of the joint ventures of each of the two parties to take over the company ' s operations and facilitate the development of Kuka ' s domestic operations; at the same time, a new production base is to be built, with a projected 75,000 robotic capacity and a combined domestic capacity of 100,000 by 2024.
In November 2021, the company announced its intention to fully acquire and privatize ownership of the cards. The company’s robotics and automation operations are now dominated by the Kuka and Kuka subsidiaries in Switzerland, mainly around areas related to future factories, including industrial robotics, automated systems and transmission system solutions, and medical, entertainment, and new consumption solutions.
In 2023, the company's robotics and automation operations were raised by 31.1 billion yuan, with a combined increase of 14.7% in 2020-2023; in 2022, the composition of the Kuka's revenues was about one quarter for each robot, system, Swiss grid, and Chinese district.
As the company’s robotic operations gradually strengthen the layout of the domestic and upstream industrial chains, it is expected that future revenue from China will continue to contribute to growth. We divide the company’s robotics and automated revenues into the Chinese region and overseas.
See, assuming that China's revenues in 2023 are growing at the same pace as the whole, it is expected that in 2023, the company's robots will collect $7.3 billion from automated domestic operations and 23.7 billion from overseas. With domestic revenues and the size of China's industrial robot industry in 2023, 10.9% of the company's domestic industrial robots market will be measured; taking into account the company's overseas revenues,
Based on a higher share of income, such as systems, assuming that companies have the same share of industrial robotics abroad as the company's global industrial robotics, at 8.9 per cent, we look forward to a higher share of corporate robots and automated operations in the medium- and long-term, both domestically and internationally, assuming that the company's share in the domestic market has risen relatively rapidly, and in the medium term has risen to the top of the world.
The size of industrial robots, both internal and external, as a medium- and long-term industry scenario, anticipates the medium-term recovery of corporate robots and automation Innovation operations: based mainly on Andesi, which is a dynamic, innovative business that is a new business hatched by American groups in the transformation of business models under the banner of Anderswig and America
In 2023, the plate generated $12.9 billion, 2020-2023 compared to 9.6 per cent; in 2022, it generated $910 million, which is expected to result in lower revenues for other operations, such as cloud numbers. 1) Anderos is a logistics technology firm that provides end-to-end smart supply chain solutions for clients.
A high-quality service solution for global orders. According to the Unilever Wisdom, expected to collect 2) Miyun intelligence based on beauty's experience in industrial Internet and digital transformation, export industry connectivity services, enabling the digital transformation of enterprises, providing, inter alia, research and development digitization, smart manufacturing, supply chain digitization, etc.
Operation of four major types of digital solutions, targeting such industries as automobiles, electronics and food products, as well as after-sales and maintenance services for customers. 3) Mechanic photovoltaics focus on the development, production and marketing of lighting and pre-intelligent electrical products, including major products.
Business and household lighting, bathhouses, smart door locks, smart panels, smart hangers, and so on. In 2021-2022, PV revenues were in the range of 900 million + and profits were in the range of 80 million.
In February 2021, the U.S. group acquired ownership of Vandong. In 2023, Medicare earned 1.240 billion yuan, at the mother's profit of 190 million yuan.
There's plenty of growth and dynamism in every section of corporate innovation. In 2023, the bulk of the courier industry in which IUPU is located reached $132.78 billion; in the lighting industry in which IPV is also located, more than hundreds of billions of dollars, and the potential for growth in corporate innovation is expected to be significant.
IUPAC and others look forward, considering that IUPAC mainly provides goods and services to U.S. domestic appliances and external customers, using U.S. domestic sales space, i.e. 60%, as a forward-income spatial outlook, with the medium-term income gap assumption calculated at half of 60%, i.e. 30%; and other business aspects, referring to new energy sources and industrial technology, intelligence of the company.
According to our above-mentioned assumptions and measurements, there is ample room for growth in each of the company's two-block operations, and medium-term prospects for growth. Businesses at the end of the company are located in industries of over $3 trillion, with the company's accumulated experience in diversification, and strong incentives for the business teams to be strong in terms of their ability to operate, back-to-back with the beauty of the group.
America’s development outlook: Overseas obm+2b leads to growth.
Human governance systems, with advanced governance mechanisms and a highly coherent incentive system for accountability, authority, and profit, are strongly motivated by management’s forward-looking strategic layout, rapid and decisive response to the external environment, strong executives and strong business dynamics of the various ministries, which together guarantee the firm’s steady progress after the company’s overall listing in 2013.
By the end of 2024, companies had implemented 16 equity incentives, 15 partnerships, and so on.
Under a normal equity incentive, the company’s management’s interests are aligned with shareholders’ interests, resulting in the company’s superior performance in shareholder returns and dividends. The company’s overall listing in 2013 has been maintained at more than 40% of its annual dividends.
In addition, in terms of basic capacity-building, companies have continued to strengthen their R & D inputs to drive science and technology, building “four-tier R & D systems”, “three generation systems”, “Global R & D talent systems” and “Global R & D layout” lines.
Industry leads the R & D system: through continuous expansion and optimization of channels, building a network of channels covering the world, having hundreds of thousands of sites around the world and continuously strengthening dtc capabilities; building large-scale and efficient procurement and manufacturing systems, integrated supply chain management systems, and intelligent production plants, both within and outside the country.
Figure 84: Companies build a four-tier R & D system, Figure 85: Companies build an intelligent manufacturing system, believing that, driven by the above-mentioned capabilities, companies are expected to sustain their sales both internally and externally, as well as in their 2b operations.
In combination with the above assumptions and measurements, we expect that the company’s medium-term revenue exhibition will be largely attributable to obm and 2b operations. Growth analysis: the profit margin is ahead of the scale, and the rate of increase is at a better level in the industry.
In 2023, the company collected $37,37.7 billion, the highest level in comparable companies; in 2018-2023, the compound income increased by 7.4 per cent, and the income increased at the middle level of comparable companies.
Profitability analysis: Probability rises steadily, and at the top of the industry The company's Māori ratio fluctuates as a result of the cost of raw materials, etc. The Māori rate has recovered steadily since 2022, and has risen steadily. At the cost rate, the company's sales cost is lower than the industry's, while R&D and management costs are lower.
Cash flow analysis: net profit cash content is over 100 per cent and cash flow performance is excellent, since most operations are directed directly to end consumers or distributors, and the operating cash flow is generally relatively higher for home power enterprises.
Good. But among the company ' s external sales revenues, surrogate workers accounted for a relatively high share, with the cash/business income received by the company from the sale of goods from 2019 to 2023 at about 90%, and cash flow performance has increased in recent years as the share of own brand business has risen. The company ' s net cash flow/net profit averaged 134% in 2019 to 2023, and the company ' s average profit averaged 134% in 2019 to 2023.
Operating cash flow performance was excellent: operating efficiency analysis: accounts receivable were performing well, with a small increase in the number of days of inventory turnover in comparable companies, where the company ' s inventory turnover had been relatively low since 2021, with sales of obm operations taking place.
The company’s accounts receivable are based on the following assumptions: Heating air conditioning: the company’s heating air conditioning operations include domestic air conditioning and central air conditioning. The country’s air conditioning exports were high in 2024.
In the second half of 2024, the business is expected to grow faster than consumer appliances: the company consumes appliances containing refrigerators, washing machines, kitchen appliances, and other small household appliances. The consumption of appliances, driven by the national replenishment policy, is expected to maintain a single-digit growth; and the external sales are expected to be on the 2024 scene.
Robots, automated systems and other manufacturing industries: The business is dominated by Kuka robotics and automated plates. The business is expected to slow down significantly in 2024, owing to lower upstream spending, but is expected to pick up in the future as companies gradually increase the production and strengthening of the upstream core parts and components in the country.
Other business: The business is mainly the smart supply chain, the sale of domestic electricity raw materials, wholesale and processing operations, and financial operations such as the absorption of deposits, joint lending, consumer credit, buyer credit and financial leasing.
Management costs: a small increase in corporate management costs over the last three years, which is expected to remain stable and fall slightly over the next three years. Financial costs: higher annual interest income for companies, etc., expected interest income as companies marketed in Hong Kong in 2024. Sensitivity analysis of profit with market share and three cost ratios (double factor sensitivity analysis)
In terms of the size of the collection/global household electricity, the United States group share in 2023 was 6.6%, ranking first. The changes in the global share of household electricity and the three cost rates have had a greater impact on the company’s future profitability, so it is assumed that a sensitivity analysis of the company’s 2024 eps changes will be carried out in different municipalities and at three costs, with the following results:
We use the profit level of a company in a neutral, cautious and optimistic context, with the main variables being the rate of income growth, the Maori rate, and the cost rate. In a context of income growth and profitability adjustment, the sensitivity of the company’s performance is mainly among the reasonable valuation areas of the company’s shares.
Taking into account the company’s business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuations to estimate the company’s reasonable margin. From the characteristics of valuation methods, absolute valuations, represented by dcf, fcff, apply to companies with a continuous profit and a more stable business model.
A sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than the wacc and constant growth rates, is presented in the following table: the main industries are air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, and the larger head electrical companies are Heir Jit, Glycerine,
Haimito, a comparable company that chooses to be a United States-based group; given the size of the company's air-conditioning operations overseas and the company's high rate of stock listing in ports and continued foreign investment, an additional option for the global air-conditioning flagship gold industry is comparable. The industry averaged 12.8 times more than the industry in 2024, and the company's current valuation is slightly higher than the industry.
But given the strong growth dynamics of corporate operations abroad, 2b has a wide scope for future growth and a relatively high corresponding valuation, as well as a firm with a strong global profile, such as Hale Jie and the Great Gold Industries, where there is a firm premium. Given the company’s robust performance as a global power pole, and its excellent profit quality, reference.
The company has developed a strong internal and external competitive advantage in the development of power diversification at home, with well-developed internal governance mechanisms and incentive systems, flexible management, dynamic team operations, and a leading advantage in technology development, manufacturing, channel systems, brand influence, etc., becoming a global electric dragon.
In the future, companies still have greater growth potential in terms of home-based electricity sales, inside and outside the home, 2b operations, etc., and, by looking at the clusters in the growth space, helping companies continue to grow, maintaining a “better than the big market.” We have adopted absolute and relative valuation methods, which combine a few angles to arrive at a reasonable value for the company.
The calculation of free cash flows in the coming years, the calculation of weighted average capital cost (wacc), the assumption of tv and the selection of comparable valuation parameters for companies have been integrated into the judgement of many individuals, which has led to high annual free cash flow calculation values with deviations in the valuation, leading to risk of valuation bias;
The weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm ' s absolute valuation, and we assume in calculating Wacc that the risk-free rate is 2.5 per cent and the risk premium 6.5 per cent, and that there may still be a risk of low estimation or take-off of these parameters, resulting in lower wacc calculations, leading to an overvaluation of the company ' s valuation;
We assume that in the next 10 years the company tv growth rate will be 2 per cent, that the industry in which the company is located may make a significant adverse change in the next 10 years, and that the company's continued growth will be either low or negative in real terms, leading to an overvaluation of the company's valuation relative to the valuation: we have chosen domestic white poles that are the same or similar to the company's business as Hale's wiseman,
A comparison of the relative valuation indicators for GRE, HEAT and the gold industry, taking into account the company ' s long-term status and growth, chose to cap the peg level of the offshore air-conditioning flagship gold industry, which was eventually valued 16-19 times by the Department of Public Administration in 2024, may not take sufficient account of the market and the industry ' s overall risk of overvaluation.
Current projections are optimistic, leading to an overestimation of the risk of performance over the next three years. There is a risk that the company’s performance over the next three years may be overestimated by an underestimation of the company’s cost, as we anticipate that the company’s sales and management cost rates will continue to decline slightly over the next three years.
The risk of falling market demand as a result of the slowdown in macroeconomic growth: products such as consumer appliances sold by companies, heating air conditioning and industrial robots, whose market demand is more affected by the economic situation and macro-regulation, such as major fluctuations in the global economy and a slowdown in macroeconomic or consumer demand growth, both domestic and foreign,
And the related market growth in which the company is located will slow down, thus affecting the sale of American products. The price-war risks associated with increased competition in the industry: full competition in the white-electric sector, high product homogenization, and concentration in the industry in recent years, but the size of the industry’s stock in individual subsectors as a result of the imbalance between supply and demand
Moreover, it is becoming increasingly difficult to benefit from rapid technological growth, a shortage of industrial talent, shorter product life cycles and easy to imitate. New products, services and technology are often accompanied by higher sales prices, while companies have to invest more in R & D.
Risk of price fluctuations in raw materials: The main raw materials used by companies for electrical and core component products are copper, steel, plastics and aluminium of all classes, and the manufacture of domestic electricity is labour-intensive, if the price of the raw materials increases significantly, or if changes in the macroeconomic environment and policy adjustments result in labour, water, etc.
The cost of factors of production, such as electricity, land, etc., fluctuates significantly, while the cost of efficient production and efficiency increases drops and the overall sale price of the end product does not fully absorb the impact of cost fluctuations, which will have an impact on the performance of the company.
Overseas operational risks: internationalization and global operations are long-term strategic objectives of companies that have established joint production and manufacturing bases in several countries across the globe, and their overseas deployment and new industries are expanding, but global asset allocation may face the risk of less than expected resource integration and synergies, overseas markets
Outreach may face unexpected risks of political and economic stability on the ground, significant changes in the legal system and regulatory systems, large increases in production costs, etc. Exchange-rate volatility risk: as the company ' s external sales income deepens abroad, it already accounts for the company ' s overall income
More than 40% of the total, if the exchange rate fluctuates significantly, may not only have a negative impact on the overseas operations of the company’s products, but may also result in losses in corporate exchange rates and increase financial costs. Tariffs and trade barriers risk: due to the resurgence of “reverse globalization” thinking and increased protectionism
Trade barriers and friction in some core markets, affecting short-term export operations and medium- and long-term market planning and inputs. Political and compliance risks in trade have increased, mainly in the form of various mandatory security certifications, international standards requirements, etc.
The certification requirements for product quality and its management systems, energy conservation requirements and increasingly stringent environmental requirements and the recovery of used and end-of-life household electricity, as well as trade frictions arising from anti-dumping measures in some countries and regions, have increased the operating costs of home power enterprises and posed new challenges to their market planning and business expansion.
Difficulties in operating conditions expose companies to the risk of bad debts arising from the difficulty of recovering receivables. Inventory price falls: the company’s stock carrying value of $42.8 billion at the end of 2024q3, which represents the total assets of the current period, will result in an increase in the value loss of the company’s inventory, which will adversely affect the profitability of the company.
(a) The risk of impairment of goodwill: the company ' s previous acquisition of a bank card, etc., which produced a certain amount of goodwill at the end of 20,2403. The domestic electricity sector is closely linked to the consumer and real estate markets, and changes in macroeconomic policies, consumer investment policies, real estate policies and related laws and regulations will have an impact on the demand for products,
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and free of any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.