Full speed overseas, with a strong focus on growth and shareholder returns, March 29, 2025.
The net cash flow from the business activity was $60.5 billion, a net gain of $26.95 billion in 2024, or +9.4 per cent in comparison with +9.1 per cent in comparison with the net profit from the parent ' s return and +13.9 per cent in comparison with +12.0 per cent in comparison with +1 per cent in comparison with +9.4 per cent in comparison with +9.4 per cent in 2024, and the rate of increase in overseas income (mainly household power) was significantly higher than the rate of +12.0 per cent.
Domestically, South America, Europe, Africa are growing dramatically, and the share of offshore smart households has risen to 43%. Overseas growth is expected to remain stronger than domestic growth in 2025, with a continued focus on raising the overseas share of obm and strengthening the whole of Lewis.
2) China’s market has been growing at a slower pace in the second half of the year, benefiting from state subsidies. Oviyun Network pushes aggregate data, □ liulisi_vj@chinastock.com.cn. 2024 domestic retail domestic electricity market of 907.1 billion yuan, +6.4% in the same year.
The same ratio +7.7%, matched to the market, and the Māori rate increased by 0.9 pct, indicating a strong commitment to a better marketing structure. The U.S. Central A.C.A. share of the U.S.A.A. has increased significantly, and domestic A.C. is more profitable. The Y.T.C. brand is good at dealing with price competitions for millet, Ox, etc. 2024.
The two-end retail sales of the "colmo+Toshiba" have increased by 45% over the same period. The refrigerator washing machine has continued to grow well; the demand for small household electricity in the Chinese kitchen has been lower than expected, which has led to slow growth in the company ' s electricity revenues in recent years. 3) Both domestic and foreign operations have focused on increasing profitability, with the ratio of wise family members to Māori in 2024 rising at the same rate.
1.3 pct (accounts rehearsing), although the overseas obm business has grown rapidly, its share has increased, and its profitability is relatively low and still rising, resulting in a loss of 0.7 per cent in branch operating profit compared to 9.7 per cent. The rate is 17.5 per cent, an increase of 1.4 per cent compared to the previous year.
On the other hand, in 2024, the company successfully acquired Europe’s arbonia climate sector, with the Chinese industry of the Toshiba Elevator, the heated air conditioning industry diversifying and the global capacity to develop further.
With global leadership, in addition to penetration into the automobile industry chain, 2024 human-shaped high-quality robotic supply chains, equipped with a harmonic deceleration machine and robotic server. On the other hand, the new energy plate, the ground-based electrons have made breakthrough progress in North America, and the new generation of storage systems aqua-c2.5 has been successful.
In practice, in South America, contracts for storage energy projects have been obtained in several countries, including Chile and Argentina; the development of household storage energy, photovoltaic reverse transformers and related electrical electronics has accelerated. (3) Robots and automation, $28.7 billion, or 7.6 per cent, continue to be under pressure, mainly in Europe and China.
In 2024, the company achieved business income of 40.7 billion yuan, an increase of 9.4 per cent over the previous year, of which smart households/new energy sources and industrial technologies/intellectual divisions reported a breakdown of the sub-groups, and in 2024, smart households/smart architecture technology/new energy and industrial technologies/other divisions.
Foreign exchange income of $29,522,488,403,447 million and +10.6 per cent/+9.4 per cent/+19 per cent, respectively, figure 9: annual company roe, Māori rate, net profit rate
The “old-for-new” policy continues to have the most beneficial effect in 2024, with electricity in the old subsidized category. After the fall of subsidies in August 2024, there was a 29.95 per cent increase in the combined value of electricity in September-December, and the contribution to total zero rose from 1.75 per cent to 2.38 per cent in the same period last year, strongly contributing to zero growth.
According to the Bureau of Statistics, in January-February 2025, home appliances and audio equipment companies were growing at a better rate than +10.9% on a year-on-year basis, but the sharp increase and decline in q4 in 2024 showed that consumers were getting fresh. But the overall retailing of domestic electricity was still doing well.
Thirty-four million consumers applied for new subsidies for the purchase of digital products such as more than 42 million mobile phones. (ii) Outsourcing: US tariff policy has received attention, and firms with the capacity to internationalize industrial chains will benefit.
According to the General Customs Administration, in January-December 2024, my country accumulated 4,481 million electrical appliances, an increase of 20.8% from the previous year, with interest in US customs policies, which would benefit businesses with the capacity to internationalize the industrial chain: 1) There have been frequent changes in US import tariff policies, and on the one hand China’s exports to the United States will be subject to a 10% tariff. This will result in a partial outmigration of future production capacity.
Companies with international industrial chain layouts, such as the Dechang shares in small household electricity, and the New Treasure shares, have benefited. 2) Some former Chinese electric taps have been able to produce in Mexico, such as Heil Jiji, Hye-Sin video, and tcl electronics. The US will impose a 25% tariff on Mexico, with limited impact. On the other hand, major competitors, such as South Korean firms, face the same tariff problems.
Electricity is basically internationalized in the industrial chain, with the ability to adjust the distribution of output. The heating and air conditioning industry continues to grow (i) household air conditioning: subsidies continue to grow in domestic sales and external sales continue to grow in high prices.
The year 2024 was a year of cooling. Domestic sales benefited from the stimulus of state subsidy policy in the fourth quarter of 2024, with sales equal to +24% of the year; exports of 96.41 million units in 2024, an increase of 36.08% over the year, and continued to be higher than expected. In early 2025, internal sales of air conditioners continued to grow better.
In April, May, and June, sales of emissions increased by 9.1 per cent, 17.4 per cent and 31.1 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in 2024, and tended to buy subsidized products off-line. Transfers to overseas factories also had an important impact.
Figure 22: The scale of intra-monthly sales and exports of air conditioners, China ' s Galaxy Securities Institute, over the past 10 years, the air conditioner industry has experienced two large-scale inventory runs in 2015-2016, 2019-2020.
There has been a marked decline in the acceptable level of the pipeline for inventory, and the current volume of output in the air-conditioning industry is largely in line with the trend of retail growth. (ii) Central air-conditioning sales are under pressure, but exports are growing consistently. Central air-conditioning sales are subject to continued low real estate markets and the pace of industrial investment is slowing down.
The volume of internal air-conditioning sales declined by 12,149 million yuan, compared with 3.8 per cent in the previous year, mainly due to the continuing low real-estate market, the slow pace of industrial investment and weak demand for air-conditioning terminals in China; the volume of central air-conditioning sales in January 2025 was 12,190 million yuan, a 1.4 per cent decrease in the same year, and China’s global competitiveness has increased, resulting in a positive growth in exports over the last few years. Industry online data, 2024
The annual central air conditioner exports amounted to $23.2 billion, an increase of 39.8 per cent over the same period; in January 2025, the export sales were 1.75 billion yuan, an increase of 1.75 billion yuan over the same period. (iii) The heat pump de-stocking cycle was passed, and exports began to revive the sharp fluctuations in the European heat pump subsidy policy, leading to a massive de-stocking cycle for the export of heat pumps over the past two years.
From now on, the Euro-American heat pump is gradually moving out of the reservoir cycle, with a one-month growth rate gradually improving. In 2025, the January heat pump exports increased by +3.7%, and it is expected that the heat pump exports will continue to improve with the resumption of subsidies in some European countries.
With the high prevalence of domestic markets, the domestic market is becoming more saturated, with consumption dominated by upgrading. In 2024, driven by the policy of domestic electricity supplementation and the introduction of old new policies, the domestic market recovered in the second half of the year, with 3.11 per cent of sales growing and increasing at a very high rate. On the export side, my national electricity company has been active in globalizing the pattern, adding to the demand released by emerging market countries in recent years.
In 2024, exports grew by 18.59 per cent, with a sharper performance, and in the category of washing machines, thanks to the effective activation of potential demand through old and new policies, adding consumer preferences for high-quality, energy-efficient products that contributed to product structural upgrading, with cumulative sales of 44.82 million washing machines in 2024, an increase of 6.7 per cent from the previous year, which is the best increase in recent years.
Quick. In terms of exports, our washing machines have advantages in terms of technology, cost, and bulk production, adding customs concerns to the overseas market, prompting businesses to pre-position their goods, amounting to 45.11 million, an increase of 17.33% over the year.
The sales were 3.78 million and 4,342,000, respectively, down by 5.3 per cent and +7.2 per cent, respectively; and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute, in response to the need for some consumers to wash their underwear and socks, issued in 2024 a partition wash with a small roller.
Clothes, a partition washing machine with two small rollers, published by Heir's brand in March 2025, with a price of only $4999, which is consistent with the rice product, have a clear competitive advantage. The future’s higher red-rate rate of return will be maintained at a “recommended” rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.