Performance tracking of the three-quarterly report 2024, Kim Shan Office (68811.sh)
Incident: 3rd Quarterly Report 2024 issued by the company, 3.27 billion yuan (+10.90 per cent) earned by the company in the first 3rd quarter of 2024, 1,040 million yuan (+16.41 per cent) in net profit from the mother, including non-net profits
(a) Maintenance of steady growth in individual subscriptions and a return to business start-up: in income structure, 2024q3, domestic personal office service subscriptions generated operating income of $762 million (+17.24 per cent) and steady growth;
Business achieved business income of $143 million (+8.97 per cent) with a negative shift in pace, mainly benefiting from the downfall of the business start-up Li Xing, and international and other business generated business income of $61 million (-10.43 per cent).
: liluxin_yj@chinastock.com.cn increased by 0.66 pct over the same period. In terms of cost rates, corporate sales/management/R & D rates are reasonable, respectively, and the R & D inputs are continuously increased to enhance product competitiveness.
Monthly activity indicators are growing faster, i products continue to be optimized and commercialized: as of 30 September 2024, the company ' s main product was 618 million monthly equipment, representing an increase of 4.92%. Of this, wpsofficepc version of monthly equipment was 277 million, representing an increase of 6.95%.
Ia writing assistants, ia reading assistants, ia data assistants, ii design assistants, and help improve the availability of the ii products, helping to increase user stickyness in order to increase the arpu and fee rates for the future.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risks, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy Securities Agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.