q3 high-speed cash flow growth (68811.sh) takes into account the continued upgrading of company wpsai products and is expected to open up growth space and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
• Performance was in line with expectations, with high cash flow growth in q3 The company achieved operating income of $3.627 billion in the first three quarters of 2024, an increase of 10.90 per cent in the same year, and net repatriation of 15.16 per cent. Of this, q3 achieved operating income of $1,214 million in the first quarter, an increase of 10.53 per cent in the same year.
6.66 per cent long and overall performance meets expectations. It is a matter of concern that q3 quarter net cash flows for corporate business activities amounted to $451 million, an increase of 31.20 per cent over the previous quarter, well above the profit increase. Meanwhile, at the end of the third quarter, the total contract liability (contract liabilities + other current liabilities + other non-current liabilities) of the Department of Public Administration was $2,978 million, compared with the figure of $2.978 billion.
The growth of 12.83 per cent at the beginning of the year indicates, to a certain extent, that corporate subscriptions to saas are moving well. • Businesses are growing steadily, and institutional subscriptions to saas are moving well.
Institutional subscription revenue was $248 million, or 0.02 per cent more than the previous year, mainly as a result of the sustained increase in the relative share of revenue generated by the large private and local companies in the publicly owned and clouded markets of companies, which contributed to the further upgrading of the revenue model.
The market is sunk and orders are on the increase. • The growth of R & D inputs is high, wpsai 2.0 continues to improve the user experience.
The q3 quarter R & D investment was $454 million, representing 37.41% of the revenue, an increase of 4.74 percentage points from the same year, and we judge that this is mainly due to the company’s continued strengthening of R & D investment in the ai area.
" Net profit increases faster than expected, opening up a new office for easier and more efficient creative experiences, and contributing significantly to user stickyness and fee conversion. " Times - Corporate Information Update 2024.4.24
Long-cycle membership strategy works well, wpsai Opens the Growth Space - Corporate Information Update Report