Shinji Shan Censorship, Cloud Software Services, KIMshan Office (68811.sh)
Individual subscriptions are growing robustly, and institutions are under short-term commitments 762 million yuan, an increase of 17.24 per cent in the third quarter of the year, mainly as a result of continuous functional upgrades by the company wpsai 2.0 and continuous upgrading of user creations.
Highest/minimum in year: further increase in sticky and pay-for-conversion rates for individual users; 2) 3-quarter subscriptions to domestic institutions and service flowa share/total equity (billions)
Deepening the saasization transition, with three-quarters of new subscription-based market value (billions) for major and medium-sized private and local corporate clients: a further increase in the share, resulting in limited revenue recognition in the current period.
Debt levels grew by 16.30 per cent over the same period, reflecting in part the smooth progress of the b-endsaasization transition; billions of yuan, an increase of 8.97 per cent over the same period, with a marked improvement in the pace of business growth: 4) three quarters of international and other operations realized revenues of $61 million, a decrease of 10.43 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the closure of domestic third-party commerce at the end of 2023
Continuous input into product and technology research and development, with high growth in q3 operating cash flows. The \triangleright Māori rate was 85.47% in the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 0.66 percentage points over the same period last year.
The cost of company sales and management decreased by 1.53 and 4.14 percentage points, respectively, compared to the same period last year, while the cost of R & D increased by 4.73 percentage points compared to the same period last year, with R & D investment in companies amounting to $454 million, an increase of 26.54 per cent over the same period, and we believe that this is mainly due to the company's continued increase in its investment in the fields of proi and co-operative office.
In addition, three quarters of net operating cash flows from companies amount to $451 million, an increase of 31.20 per cent over the same period, and are higher than the net profit growth rate, indicating an improvement in the quality of the company ' s operations.
The company, as the leader of the domestic office software, is expected to speed up the commercialization of wpsai as individual subscriptions continue to grow, taking into account that the saas transformation has led to a short revenue base for institutional subscriptions. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have no reason, no reason, and will not be specifically recommended in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.