It is expected that KIMshan Office will be the leading office software and service provider in the country, taking into account the downward trend of the ai and the letter.
The main products are wpsoffice office software, documents, etc.
The net return to the mother is $318 million, an increase of 8.33% over the same period; the product matrix and the Golden Hill Digital Office platform solution. Performance is as expected, and operations are growing steadily.
Highlights for the next three to six months: Corporate performance continues to grow robustly in response to external pressures and demonstrates operational strength. 2) Sub-business revenue shows that subscriptions are growing robustly and authorized to keep the business warm during the reporting period.
In the case of personal operations, the company goes online to enhance user experience, in the case of b, to expand the size of private and local enterprises, to promote a steady growth of subscriptions, in the case of g, and in the case of companies, to grasp the downward trend in credit, and to drive it.
Domestic institutions have authorized a steady return to business, steady expansion of operations, and long-term corporate growth.c End-user growth is robust, and bg captures a downward trend. As of 30 September, the company ' s main product was 618 million, representing an increase of 4.92 per cent; of these, wpsofficepc end and mobile end-of-the-month activity
The number of jumps increased by 6.95% and 3.36% respectively, and the number of users grew steadily.
In the last three quarters, the Māori rate was 85.10 per cent, compared with 85.10 per cent in the previous three quarters.
The decrease of 0.55 pct is still stable at a higher level. Companies’ sales/management/research and development costs accounted for a decrease in sales costs in the previous three quarters, with some salaries being adjusted from management costs to R&D costs, and the total R&D and management costs being largely at the same level as last year, with companies having a stronger control capacity.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: corporate performance is as expected, maintaining steady performance in the face of external pressure, growing rapidly, operating well, growing robustly at the end of the company, and improving the product power of a person; bg End, taking advantage of the downward trend in the letter, we expect the firm ' s net profit for 2024-2026.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Kim Shan Office (6881.sh): Performance meets expectations and captures the downward trend in the Ai and the letter.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the office in Kimsan (68811.sh): performance is as expected, and the trend towards the creation of ai and the creation of faith is subdued.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is Jan Young-ja, financialit, car intelligence, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Office in Kimshan (6881.sh): Performance meets expectations, captures the tendency of the ai and the letter to sink, and does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are provided for reference only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.