The commercialization of the `ai' continues, and overseas and Hong Mung has developed new opportunities 27 October 2024: more recently, the Kimshan office published a three-quarterly report in 2024, and the company accumulated revenue in the last three quarters.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
1) Domestic subscriptions to personal office services: 760 million yuan, an increase of 17.24 per cent over the same period; primarily, the company wpsai 2.0 adds an i writing assistant, ai reading assistant, ai data assistant, ai design assistant to provide users with a more accessible and efficient creative experience and a strong incentive for user sticky and fee conversion.
(ii) Domestic institutional subscriptions and service operations: $248 million, or 0.02 per cent more than the previous year; mainly, well-established wps365 with a large private and local company operating in the cloud market.
Continue to raise the relative share of income, further upgrade the income model, and promote the long-term health of subscriptions to domestic institutions.
Increased domestic agency-authorization growth. 4) International and other operations: revenues of $60 million were realized, down 10.43 per cent from the same year; mainly during the current year, domestic third-party commercial advertising was shut down, and revenue movements were largely influenced by the base for the same period last year, with companies abroad
1. Kim Shan Office (6881.sh) mid-2024 reported an evaluation of the continuous progress of the commercialization of the ai and the outstanding performance of the contractual liability - \triangleright
\triangleright 3. Kimshan office (68811.sh) tracking report: Kimshan office
As of 30 September 2024, the number of monthly active equipment for the company’s main product was 618 million, representing an increase of 4.92%. Of this amount, the wpsofficepc version of the monthly active equipment was 277 million, and the gold mountain office (6881.sh) reported in the semi-annual period 2023.
In October, the wps were released on a global basis, resulting in cross-end, cross-equipment documentation and data sharing, supporting multi-user coordination, browse editing and revision capabilities.
Investment proposal: number of individual subscription-paying users at the office in Phnom Penh and the expectation of arup with the ability of the agency to maintain a continuous double workforce of 2023/04/20
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.