Europa home (603833.sh).
2. Our analysis and diagnosis: (i) The improvement of product rings in the second quarter showed a remarkable increase in the number of channels, and the Division ' s performance in the first half of the year turned upside down, and the business performance continued to improve during the second half of the year.
By the first half of 2020, the company had achieved a total operating income of $4,966 million, compared to last year, and it can be seen that the decline in income from the company’s main business in the first half of 2020 was mainly due to the negative impact of the epidemic on production and the demand side of the population.
Quarterly break-down of corporate head office, 2020q1/q2 achieves separate harvests of consumption demand that have had a serious negative impact, but the second quarter, as domestic outbreak control progresses into normality, the demand for furniture consumed by the epidemic and long-term residence during the epidemic
On the basis of the new demands that have emerged in our lives, the entire industry has gradually recovered, and the Department has taken full advantage of its distribution network throughout the country and its multiple salesmen on the line.
In the second quarter, we achieved a significant improvement in the ring comparison and positive growth in the same year, in line with our earlier expectations, and in 19 years the annual report and the report for the first quarter of 2020 rated European industry (603833.sh) as having performed slightly less than management expected.
The company, as a manufacturer of furniture brands, owns a variety of sales channels such as distribution, bulk, direct sales, etc. 20q1 is under pressure but is expected to improve significantly in the second quarter.
As a result, companies have made significant improvements in their export operations in the second quarter, but because distribution channels during the epidemic and the prevention of the epidemic, they have been able to increase the number of cases.
As a result of the relatively slow recovery of passenger flows to closed shopping malls such as home shopping malls and shopping malls as they enter the normalization phase, the surge in business channels, thanks to the marked warming in the second quarter of the year, has led to a marked increase in the proportion of public channels in the first half of 2020, which is expected to decline further in the second half of the year due to the impact of the epidemic on the distribution channels of companies and their entry into the country.
The traditional boom in furniture consumption, with the company’s distribution-channel ratio rising or rising, will maintain the current mix of distribution + large double-channels. Given that the company’s main distribution channel is still the distribution mode, the construction and expansion of the outlets determines the size of the company.
As of the first half of 2020, the company had 7,178 direct and distribution stores nationwide, 91 more than 20q1, 116 more than at the end of 19 years, with Europa cabinets/Europa closets/Opuninemumen/Operaweba/Operri custom stores.
The net change of 24/10/74/27/29 at the end of the year and the net decrease in the number of container stores was due mainly to the fact that some distributors, which were partly weak in their overall capacity, were forced to close down some of the stores in the face of the new crown outbreak to guarantee their own liquidity, but after entering the second quarter, the company continued to push for the distribution of the distribution network to achieve a positive expansion of the rest of the stores in the product categories except the closets.
The most notable expansion was the company’s initial two-wheel drive model of cabinets plus closets, or its focus on nurturing the wooden door as the third pole of the public goods matrix. Split the company’s main business income by product, with the company’s closets/rears/baskets/wood doors/other products separately in the first half of 2020.
The six-month-old increase was mainly due to the fast-growing woodgates of distributors and dealers and other products sold in front of everyone's doors. As for the company's traditional strong cabinets and closets, on the one hand, the company's vast majority of sales outlets and direct doors, the impact of the epidemic on the shops has caused the closure of the stores, which has hampered the expansion of sales channels and led to a greater sale of the company's main products.
The impact, on the other hand, is due to the fact that, after the second quarter of the epidemic has entered the normalization phase, the differences that have led to the installation of district door-to-door policies have forced some of the demand to be further delayed, with the expected further reduction in the impact of the normalization of the epidemic on the normal life of the population in the second half of the year, followed by a three-quarter period of traditional marketing and a marked improvement in the company ' s main products and emerging product categories.
With regard to performance, the net return to the company of $489 million in the first half of 2020, a decrease of $144 million over the same period last year, a change of $15 million over the same period last year, and an investment gain of $22 million from various types of financial assets, can be seen as the significant increase in non-recurring corporate gains and losses in the first half of 2020, mainly as a result of the company ' s recognition of an increase in government subsidies during the reporting period.
Quarterly break-up of corporate performance, with net return profit of q1/q2 in 2020 - $102.591 million, respectively, compared with the significant reduction in net return profit and deduction of non-net profit achieved in the same period last year, mainly due to the large number of doorns closed and the rise in output due to the new crown epidemic, the second quarter ' s reversal into surplus, and the expectation that performance in the second half of the year will continue to warm up to the bulk of business channels during the completion cycle
In order to accelerate the recovery of products and distribution channels from the impact of the epidemic, the company has made partial concessions to distributors, end-users and real estate developers, resulting in varying degrees of decline in the various channels and in the Māori ratio of the products, which eventually led to a combination of Māori.
The rate has declined significantly, with sales and direct stores expected to recover or recover in the second half of the year as the retail furniture market progresses into the season, but the level of large-scale Maori or strong bargaining power of leading upstream real estate producers has remained at the same level as in the first half of the year or has fallen lightly in the cost of corporate sales; changes in management (including R & D) rates are mainly due to management fees resulting from higher depreciation costs
(a) A modest increase of 0.18 per cent in the total amount, although the total R & D costs of the company in the first half of the year decreased by $27 million (Yoy-10.23 per cent) compared to the same period last year, but in combination with the decline in the company's size in the first half of the year, this eventually led to a small increase in the corporate management cost rate (including R & D);
(iii) Increasing the capacity of distributors while steadily promoting the transformation of power lines.
The largest network of marketing services in the industry, the resources of powerful distributors (services providers) in the industry, and more than 7,000 dealers. In end-of-life management, companies have been working together since their inception to promote distributors in the industry.
At the same time, the company responds to industry trends, deepens its overall development strategy, and sets up a more sophisticated operating model based on retail assembly channels, engineering, electricity channels, and direct and foreign trade channels. During the epidemic, the company optimizes the end-of-pipe policy on the basis of a comprehensive overhaul of its previous subsidy support policies.
On the one hand, the company is determined to reduce pressure on distributors, optimize performance appraisals, ease the requirement to renovate and renovate the terminal, and focus on the core market layout. On the other hand, the company combines the enabling end of the asset, promotes the multi-channel operation of the dealer, and strengthens the dealer in the process of dressing and packing.
In addition, the company has taken the initiative to address the financial difficulties of distributors by providing various subsidized products and sharing them. In addition, the company has sought to attract, save and exchange goods through the use of fission marketing on the line and live video production.
At the same time, companies use fission marketing tools such as Skynet Clouds, Micro-Credit Programs, etc., to actively organize multiple, powerful, live, online events, and “612 CEOs, , , , ,  ,  ,
(iv) Large-scale untagged production capacity and process innovation to help expand the performance growth point of the fit-out. To meet market demand, companies continue to undertake research and exploration in the areas of product structure design, new materials development and application, process quality management, and at the same time expand the packaging business. After many years of effort, corporate product development has been customized from a single product.
There is a gradual transition to home-wide customization, home-wide customization, transition from a single new design to a new design, extension design, functional design, and three-pronged approaches. Companies continue to improve and innovate production technologies, use information as a tool and tool, promote process upgrading, build results-oriented technology incentives, and establish a well-developed process control system.
As of 30 June 2020, companies and holding companies had 437 authorized patents, of which Europoles had 158 authorized patents. With many years of continuous R & D inputs, deep technological reserves, leading households, bargaining power up and down the industry chain, companies have explored large-scale unmarked products with Euro-specific characteristics.
The model, custom-made home-based production, which is the largest in the industry, has the largest container manufacturing base in Asia, and the leading furniture production base in the country. The company's leading technology provides a strong technical guarantee for high-quality plastics.
During the first half of the year, the company continued to improve the competitiveness of plastic products and to deliver high-value plastics to the end. In the area of regional management, the company has set up a network of regional administrations covering the entire country, supported by training and training.
Active marketing, display design, shop-side services, etc. provide help to distributors. In the area of packaging information, the caxa software has been integrated into custom home-made products, the product bank of third-party software has been improved, and supply chain packages, staple products and skus have been enriched. The company has begun to promote the development of the bim system and explore compatibility.
Europe’s uniquely comprehensive and integrated home-based service process, which truly realizes the perceived one-stop shopping experience. In combination with the company’s advantages in the distribution union management system, coupled with the multi-wheel drive that brands and product matrix prototypes provide to the company, we expect companies to rely in the future on their own powerful distribution systems for branding their influence.
The advantages of client resources and models for large-scale b-business operations and the investment in the “all-you-go” area and in new media diversion strategies drive companies to achieve sustainable growth in size and performance. Given the dissipation of the impact of the floods in the South on the pace of real estate completion, large-scale corporate business channels will continue to sustain their rapid expansion on the basis of which companies will benefit from retail end-of-service operations.
The risk of continued low real estate sales; the risk of increased overcapacity in the industry; and the risk of increased competition in the industry.
Table 4: Distribution of income from European home ownership by product in the first half of 2020 Table 5: Distribution of income from European home ownership in the first half of 2020 by channel 4. Tracking of corporate development strategies and business plans
Table 7: Tracking the development strategy and business plan in the Europa report 2018-2019 Planning for 2019 2018 Corporate vision of a company that sets the vision of an enterprise that creates a respected company and sets the vision of an enterprise that creates a respected company.
To the famous, beloved China, respectable and internationally influential, famous China, and an international group of creative people. Our goal is more than just to be a leader in our domestic industry.
Our goal is not just to be a country, but to be a Europe of the world. Look at it, face up to the intra-industry leadership brand, and be a Europe of the world.
In this regard, the company will continue to promote the following:
This is the only way to stay the course. To this end, the company will: (1) Informationization strategy: In 2018, the company's informatization strategy continued to drive: a comprehensive new breakthrough, with three years of information strategy beginning to bear fruit.
1. Information strategy: 2019 is almost complete, so our goal remains to accelerate the development of the key to informatization, multi-formula, process-wide European custom home-based information system.
It's a process that drives people to pilot, and it's built from marketing to manufacturing. But in the future, our goal is to speed up the end of the message, design and manufacture integrated information systems, and, based on that system, to build a single key, and to move people to pilot.
To create a European-specific “traditional industry + Internet” model, the process of building a business model that runs from marketing to manufacturing end, designing and manufacturing a business model that, on the one hand, deepens an information system with an emerging channel model and builds a system based on which Opatt is created.
To promote the “traditional industry + Internet” model, which is designed to be a home-grown, as well as a home-based, micro-business model, and to explore ways of adapting European enterprises to market conditions.
Co-marketing Roads: On the other hand, promote cabinets plus, closets above all levels, and explore ways to adapt to the situation of Euro-Society, custom-made houses, sanitary baths plus, custom-made wooden doors and O'Hara's young fashion brands.
On the other hand, it promotes branding of cabinets and the creation of a profit model for distributors. +, top-of-the-shelf customization, bathroom +, custom-made wooden doors and Euros
(3) Full-channel layout: to advance the full-channel layout strategy, while keeping up the pre-existing brand development and marketer status of the young Shiraito brand, to actively fine-tune, dress-up, model-making. Electricians, foreign-trade channel operations, smooth-track layout, channel management 3, full-channel layout: to advance the full-channel layout strategy, to be maintained.
Concurrently with innovation management, the management of both systems is constantly optimizing the advantages and status of the original channels, while the management is actively sharpening the layout of the packaging, dressing, electricity, foreign trade channel operations, and the smooth layout of the channels (4) branding: branding as a core element of enterprise development
As young consumer groups rise, brands become more intelligent, disabling, and their management continues to be optimized. Cost groups are becoming the focus of corporate attention, as well as future brands 4, branding: branding as a central element of enterprise development.
To promote new directions in the strategy, the company, while maintaining one of its households, such as airports, high railway stations, with the emergence of young consumer groups, and with the introduction of advertising outside branded telecentres, is actively exploring new positions such as emotional films, tremors, etc. Consumer groups are becoming the focus of corporate attention, as well as the way in which branding is promoted through media channels.
It's a new direction for the future brand promotion strategy. The company actively explores brand promoters for new media outlets like emotional clips, tremors, etc. while maintaining outdoor advertising.
Performance: In 2019, the company expected the same operating income to be 1. Activate internal to manage business promotion Total upgrade of the operating management system from a business-oriented to a management-oriented approach
We look forward to going beyond our goals and challenging ourselves.
17.59 per cent annual growth in operating income; total cost of operating with the Ministry of Industry and Industry independently; sound decentralization as compared with 22.69 per cent growth; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies
(c) Co-ordinated efforts; and review teams with an “eliteization, streamlining” approach.
Lose each piece of extra fat, strengthen each piece of strong muscle, share the same as (1) grab, increase the single value: further refine and activate the performance management mechanism in the face of real estate regulation policies, and encourage the whole
External factors such as changes in industry channels, market competition will become more aggressive in embracing change, innovating, taking full advantage of subjectivity, requiring better dealers in bad environments. Motivation, mechanisms, and organizational strength will be enhanced.
Proximity of the agency wins the game; at the same time, great efforts are being made to innovate the way to engage in business and to increase the number of recruits. (1) Resource transfer: Financial support series, as a means of doing so. (2) Standing firm on the advantages of traditional master battlegrounds. On the one hand, all of them.
Distribution terminals are injected with hard core agents; (2) artillery shells are provided: focused products, explosives, strong channel expansion tension, full effort to expand plastics, cascading, electrical appliances, etc.
New and emerging channels: on the other hand, with the help of the "Cooks and Clothes" and the "Cooks and Woods" driving the market. More responsive to demand and trends, multidimensional, "Cooks and Guards" and "Cooks and Houses" and "Stars" and "MicroBig."
Provides an integrated marketing channel such as high-end, high-flux and mainstream products such as home-based guns, best services and products for clients, full-scale armed terminals, full-scale uplifting and activation of the force.
Empirical, large-client singles. 3 unswervingly pushes everyone to the top of the table to reduce the burden, unleashes the force of war, attacks, seeks out of the distribution system the strongest renovation companies to join together, relaxes terminal control policies, and reduces and relaxes the process on a massive scale.
We're going to do this, we're going to do this, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it.
Dealers have confidence in making the end more flexible, releasing the market, "mini-house" , using the "scramble" way of folding, climbing the invisible force of the mountain, strengthening the end force, helping everyone to rise to the top, gradually reaching the blue sea.
4. Strength and strength (2) reshaping the value chain, focusing on the ground-breaking full-course layout of quality of products and services, cross-cutting expansion, building on old channels, and further upgrading: 1 Informationization and re-breaking for distributors and consumers
New channels, pooling of all resources to grab orders, to grab traffic, to cater for a more real-time, accurate and transparent sharing of information and synergies, changes in the mindset of the payers and consumption decisions, and a comprehensive reform of the power provider.
Capacity to significantly improve efficiency, reduce leakages and reduce costs. 2 plus online marketing, out-of-flow recovery.
Marketing models need to be fast-tracked. 3 Upgrade the second engine of production, form the Group Marketing Model Innovation Department, provide quality of goods and services, and focus on reducing leftovers and reducing the cost of systems; open up traffic for new battlefields, achieve marketing channels; improve product quality standards and quality management systems to upgrade new production.
Innovative mutations in roads, models, tools.
A step-by-step consolidation of the quality of the product. 4 Establishment of a complete package of product delivery suits, early seizure of the old market; development of a micro-business city mini-program with a system of global-standards, full-process implementation of order data flow and business flow
New experience of changing online consumption patterns, European-specific pk-based information management, upgrading of client information interfaces on product delivery, mechanisms, wide-scale accounts, multi-routine operations, building and digging up Europa
5 Changes in logistics end-to-end patterns, and substantial upgrading of logistics services Super Flow Pools, far from growing lawn pollen, close to cutting traffic; Quality. 6 Focuses on Quality, Quality, & Services, & Cost, and so on.
To build a Euro-based mcn model, the rim-red-net bursting system institutions, people-incentives reforms. " 2. Risks of increased competition in the market:
Risks of price fluctuations in raw materials: 4, Risks managed by distributors; 4, Risk managed by distributors;
5. Brand management risks; 6; brand management risks; 7; product quality risks.
5. Follow-up of the top 10 shareholders of the company