D.A.S.P. 600845 Strong performance growth, smart manufacturing and idc business growth strongly recommended (maintain)
The company issued an annual performance forecast for 2019, which projected a net gain attributable to the shareholders of the listed company to be realized throughout the year, an increase of $170 to $240 million, or 25 to 36 per cent, over the same period of the previous year (based on the data disclosed in the annual report 2018); after adjustment of the prior comparative statements, the net return profit in 2019 was higher than projected on a year-on-year basis.
The net profit, net of non-recurrent gains and losses, represents an increase of $20~280 million over the same period in the previous year, a positive increase of 33\% \sim46\% over the same period, and a steady increase in the year's performance and a substantial reversal in the performance of the steel industry.
The company disclosed a net return profit of 669 million yuan in 2018 and a net profit of 604 million yuan not attributable to the mother. According to performance forecasts, the expected return net profit in 2019 was approximately 839 - 909 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
After a combined statement, the Division ' s net return profit in 2019 increased significantly to 91 to 107 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Corporate smart manufacturing operations continued to grow, with new energy consumption targets safeguarding the growth of idc operations.
The company’s performance grew in 2019 mainly as a result of the growth of its business in Treasure Windc and the increase in the automation of the iron and steel industry, which is the main customer, and the increase in information revenues. Among these, the merger restructuring of steel companies has created a growing demand for iron and steel automation and new information-based business. In addition, the first distributions in Shanghai were made.
Among the idc energy consumption indicators, the company was granted 5,000 aircraft racks, or 20 per cent, highlighting the firm’s strong competitiveness and safeguarding the sustainability of the growth of its idc business. Corporate profitability forecasts and valuations:
The iron and steel industry has less information than expected, with less demand for automation; data centres with less demand than expected; idc has more than one speed; idc has more than one speed; idc has more extensive software (600845) -- company depth -- less than expected; idc has more uncertainty about access to follow-on energy consumption indicators.
Intelligent manufacturing and idc operations, creation of smart uniforms Businesses 2019.12.31 Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City