Capital thickening + international layout, In-depth report on the new leader in wealth management - Wathai securities (601688) www.htsc.com
Hong Kong Central Settlement (represented by the Jiangsu People's Government)
In recent years, companies have taken the lead in promoting finance on the basis of sound growth, with a relatively deep 300-indicator performance.
The transformation of rich management and the internationalization of the business model has continued to optimize, resulting in a billion-dollar surge in the leading industry, of which Ali Baba and Suningi purchase $3.5 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively, and two electric power giants will form strategic partnerships with companies. Clients are expected to channel energy online.
The transformation of wealth management has shaped differences, and the external configuration has developed in tandem: companies are at the forefront of brokering, while maintaining the highest stock-based market position while focusing on wealth management at the same time.
Data cut-off date: October 18, 2018, transitioning to a more differentiated business module. The controlling subsidiary, Assetmark, maintains rapid growth in the United States market, and its investment in services technology and experience will continue to be directed toward the public.
The _aaa_Wattau Securities (601688) report on the advantages of the investment market's operations remains, and the new economy is a time-sensitive development: industry is open to the outside world.
In the context of fostering the new economy, it is expected that corporate equity underwriting and M & As restructuring operations will take a step further: a+h+g voucher dealer will open up a European layout: the company will become a “Lunton.”
The first company to market a stock in gdr, issued in Lon, will be the first to do so. As the first a+h+g voucher dealer, in addition to further access to offshore financing, the company will open up the European Bureau of Operations, creating a three-way cross-border connection between Hong Kong, North America, and Europe, opening up new horizons of imagination.
Research Assistant: Zhang, Research Assistant: Kong Weibin 1, Background Overview: Deep Farming Jiangsu, Internet Warfare
The company’s forward development, which is largely based on efficient expansion strategies, strong shareholder resources, and high-quality positions, has created a stronger competitive advantage in brokering and investment. In recent years, companies have focused on the Internet, based on sound growth.
Vi, taking the lead in directional transformations such as wealth management, the business model continues to be optimized and the leading industry has been growing at a faster pace since its inception, mainly as a result of both the build-up and the extension and acquisition of equity. In terms of the build-up, the company has been moving forward in Jiangsu since 1990.
In 2007, the company changed its shareholding to “Warte Securities Co. Ltd.” and its registered capital increased to $4.5 billion. In 2010, the company handed over listed transactions, with 780 million shares publicly released for the first time, raising funds for a total targeted increase of $14.2 billion for companies such as 157 Alibaba and Suningi.
Another important strategy for companies is extended M & As, supported by large-scale replenishments and financing, over the years they have been doing business together many times. In 2005 and 2009, the company acquired Asian securities and Nobuyasu securities, reaping 48 and 20 businesses, respectively, and in 2006 took over the management of the CYT Coalition, rapidly upgrading its own investment portfolio.
In addition, the company has acquired equity in such companies as the South Foundation, Waterbury, thereby creating synergies in such business areas as asset management, investment, and so on. The company as a whole has built up its business-scale advantages in a short period of time by buying and buying from external extension, acquiring a business network, investing in high-quality manpower, and other business resources.
In the context of Jiangsu’s financial position, there is a strong regional position, and in terms of the shareholders’ structure, the actual owners of the Huaitai securities are the Jiangsu State Finance Committee, which has a large majority of the public sector. The three former shareholders are the Jiangsu State Asset Management Group, and Jiangsu, which are under the auspices of the Jiangsu State Finance Committee.
Transport holdings and Jiangsu High Technology investments, which increased by 17.46%, 6.99% and 4.78%, respectively, in August of this year. After the targeted increases were completed, the three companies experienced a slight decline in equity control over companies, with 15.18% and banks, respectively.
In addition, the company participates in the South Fund, the Whitebury Fund, Jiangsu Bank, and the Kimpo Industrial Investment Fund, which form the mother-in-law.
On the one hand, the company’s regional advantage in Toto Jiangsu is strongly promoted at the retail end (20), as well as in wealth management. Jiangsu’s economy.
Power is strong, with the gdp stock leading and growing at a steady rate over the years, the wealth of the population being both large and growing, and the capital market being relatively active. In 2017, Jiangsu recorded a stock-based transaction of 2,126 trillion yuan, with a city share rate of 8.72%, ranking fifth in each province. In Jiangsu, companies have maintained a deep-deeping strategy, forming a well-developed network of web sites.
At the end of the year, 103 of the company’s 242 stock exchanges were located in Jiangsu province, with 72.22% of municipalities in the province and 60.25% of East Wu’s second largest securities. A mature bottom-up web layout guaranteed the company’s leading position in the province, while online interactive marketing and co-development accelerated local attraction.
In addition, at the corporate level (2b), the company has greatly benefited from the high-quality corporate resources generated by the Jiangsu State Finance Committee and the active inter-national capital of the province, so that direct financing and merger restructuring operations are well established and well developed in the province.
In the first half of 2018, most of the top 10 shareholders in the company were enterprises affiliated with the State Finance Committee of Jiangsu Province, which effectively controls the State Finance Committee of Jiangsu Province.
At the end of the first half of 2018, the division’s net capital was 46.743 billion yuan, ranking it eighth in the ranking of net capital of the securities dealers. Companies are lagging behind in terms of the size of their net capital, given that all aggregate indicators are at the top of the five.
After the launch, Alibaba, Suningei, Anshin securities, China State-owned structural adjustment fund, Shanghai-North Sinrefon asset management and Sunshine property insurance entered the top 10 shareholders in four agencies of the Chinese State-owned Enterprise Structural Adjustment Fund.
The proposed increase, in addition to the completion of the capital build-up, can be seen as a sign of the firm’s deeper thinking on the Internet, with Aribaba and Suning buying in this offer, presumably as strategic investors.
Before we got a share of the securities license, the participation in the stockholding would indirectly complete the short board and open up the company’s Internet financial lines. From a company’s point of view, cooperation with Alibaba in areas such as Internet finance would be a step forward in the construction of an Internet wealth management platform that both sides could hope to create together.
In the future, companies and Soning purchase will rely on their own industrial advantages for deep cooperation in the areas of standardized financial products, securitization of consumer financial assets, and so forth.
As early as the second half of last year, the announcement cost HK$ 2,864 million, and the subscription company issued 207.5 million shares in Hong Kong, accounting for 4.95% of China’s total equity since the issuance of the announcement. Unlike Ali Baba’s “platformization” development model, the call was largely based on the huge advantages of flow, with bottom-up developments.
The goal is to expand the wealth management model on a financial basis, thus reaching out to a larger group of clients and providing more diversified financial products.
In fact, there is a large trend towards industrial development, and the transformation of companies in this area is still at the forefront of the industry.
2.1 The total volume indicators are at the top of the five Chinese securities portfolio, which is the leading inter-operator in the industry and has a fully coordinated whole-of-business chain system. After many years of rapid growth, the aggregate indicators have stabilized at the top of the industry’s top 5 and are in the first echelons of the industry.
In terms of asset size, the five leading securities firms are Sino-Sino securities, Seaton securities, State-Cong-An securities, Hua-Thai securities, and Wide-Sale securities. In 2017, the total asset size of the company reached $38,483 million, ranking fourth. It is worth noting that the company has recovered on an annual basis over the past five years.
Rapid growth, mainly to benefit from its sustained and efficient financing strategy in recent years, as well as high-speed profit growth. Business incomes and net profits grew at the same time, leading up to five coupons. In 2017, companies achieved operating revenues of $21,109 million, ranking first among the top five.
Being a handful of positive-growth coupons in the industry, with performance second only to China’s five bondholders, shows good business resilience and performance stability. Overall, the main reasons for companies’ higher profitability increases are the lead business layout and stronger innovative thinking.
Following the 2012 Securities Industry Innovation Congress, a series of innovations were gradually liberalized, high-rated securities dealers were pre-qualified in the innovation industry, and companies, as long-term aa-class coupons, greatly benefited from the initiative of various businesses, creating an advantage of scale. Moreover, the corporate business model, driven by Internet thinking and technological innovation, was not the same.
Optimized, partly to compensate for the impact of the decline in traditional brokering on profitability, with a steady increase in profits. 2.2 Low-leveraging, roe-leading industry. Financial ratios show that the net asset return (roe) on Chinese securities remained a leader. Roe reached 10.81 per cent in 2017.
In the first half of 2018, the company fell on roe, but the level of 3.5% was still ahead of the industry. In terms of the return on total assets (roa), the company also performed well, with a significant increase in net asset strength after the first listing, and a significant increase in net asset return to the top five in the industry.
The voucher industry has begun to be fully regulated, and companies continue to operate robustly as aa-rating vouchers, but have slowed overall capital expansion, leaving leverage at a low level in the industry for nearly three years. The leverage of company 2015-2017 has secured the roll-on of marketers, respectively.
In our view, leverage is one of the important drivers of the future performance of the industry. In the last five years, the share of income (brokering, investing, managing) from the industry’s light assets has remained at more than 50%, while the share of heavy assets (self-employed, credit) has increased, but development has been slower than expected.
Profit, which mainly affects the gross asset rate of return (roa), while asset-based operations rely more on balance-sheet expansion for profit, which has a greater impact on leverage. Under the current trend of commission competition for white fever and capital initiative, the corridor licence dividend is gradually declining, the share of light asset business income is a larger trend, and roa has a larger upfront space.
Limited. In this case, based on the basic logic of the roe=roa* leverage ratio, the future industry would go up and rely more on the increase in the leverage ratio and the heavy assetization of the business model. 2017 The industry leverage multipliers are only 2.75, and the Voltae securities as a whole are in the lead and have developed a differentiated operating advantage in wealth management and international business.
3.60-fold low leverage to maintain the highest of the five coupons. As a result of firm strength and low leverage, once the industry has been able to leverage it, its performance is likely to increase significantly.3 Business characteristics: financial poles + M& A + international layout
3.1 Business structure: Balanced, reduced reliance on brokering, the income structure of companies has gradually been balanced in recent years, and reliance on brokering has been reduced. The share of revenue from brokering has declined from 53 per cent of the peak in 2013 to 20 per cent in 2017, and business dependency is declining year by year, mainly as a result
From two sources, the company ' s continued promotion of a diversified layout to smooth the cyclical fluctuations in its performance, the rapid growth in income from asset management, self-investment and credit operations, which resulted in a shrinking share of revenue from brokering, and from traditional brokerages, which continued to suffer from the effects of the war on commission prices, and the level of income contribution, which was also declining from year to year.
The primary market has grown steadily from year to year, but its share has remained relatively stable at around 10 per cent.
3.2 Brokering: a comprehensive transformation, a new leader in wealth management, has been leading the industry since 2012 and has been at the top of the list for nearly four years. In 2017, the city accounted for 7.83 per cent, representing a marginal downward trend, mainly as a result of the company ' s business shift.
Two-tenths of annual commissions still have a price advantage over their counterparts. Other indicators suggest that Internetization of traditional brokering models between 2012 and 2017 is the main reason for the rise of corporate brokerage.
This is: net income = volume of transactions (size) – commission rate (rate) - cost. Companies increase their turnover by maintaining high market rates through low commission rates, while Internet currents, large-scale R & D inputs and sub-line expansionary contraction strategies underpin the company’s low-cost, market-based strategies.
Commission rates & turnover: low commission rates create high market rates. Our capital markets are not yet mature, are not highly institutionalized, and the share of bulk investors is relatively high. Because of the price sensitivity of bulk investors, low commissions have been key to retail brokering competition.
The company has since been in the position of maintaining stock-based trading market at the first level, setting the stage for brokering. From the year 2017 onwards, the net commission rate for corporate brokerage was 0.02 per cent, a decrease of only 1.30 per cent.
The current net commission rate for the industry was 0.03 per cent, a decrease of 11.4 per cent compared with the previous period, and the current rate of new openings and stock commissions is close, with the commission taking the lead in the industry.) Trade volume: move-end currents. In addition to the low commission rate strategy, companies have been leading the industry on the Internet.
After opening the market in 2013 using the lowest commission + Internet marketing, the company quickly collaborated with the Internet and the Internet to continue the platform flow. For mobile end-of-life products, the company built the "boom " app has become an insider. Since the "boom for wealth" went online, cumulative downloads have reached 37.4245 million, nearly three.
Ten thousand, long-term stable bonds, first place. According to Igumi-shut, the average monthly activity in 2018 to date has reached 6.5563 million, maintaining the highest number of coupons, with a significant lead in safe and secure securities and in-country bonds, but a comparison with financial information such as cosmopolitans, eastern wealth and wisdom.
There is still a certain gap between service providers. Since 2016, 1,150,000 mobile terminal clients have opened their accounts, and trading clients have been traded through the "Growing Wealth" and mobile terminals have become the main conduit for corporate customer transactions.
3) Cost: The guaranteed operating cost of its R & D inputs. The company ' s R & D expenditure as a share of its operating income has steadily increased in recent years and has now reached almost 2%. In 2017, the company ' s information systems input and its personnel ' s remuneration were $434 million and $253 million, respectively, ranking 4th and 3rd in the industry; IT personnel as a total workforce.
After reaching 6.61%, the industry is also in the forefront. The investment in large-scale IT research and development has helped companies build agile, efficient front-office trading systems and stable controlled back-office support systems that have significantly improved the efficiency of brokering operations and facilitated strong cost controls at lower unit costs, making them more price-sensitive.
On the product side, in addition to a high-frequency rotation of the “Growing Fortune” business, the company focused in 2017 on the introduction of a tailor-made trading service platform, matic3.o, and an insight, which further improves the efficiency of client services.
It is a full-flow terminal platform for investment transactions for professional investors that, unlike the traditional client model, provides only a single transactional and transactional service, it can quickly customize related functions for customers through its unique component structure. Insight concentrates on customizing behavioral data analysis, apart from providing users with the ability to move, history back, etc.
Yes, it can also provide a BDS hosting and analysis service that allows clients to produce data analysis algorithms and indicators based on their investment research needs, calculated by the computing engine of the Insight platform.
Figure 27: Insight BAS fundamentals. 4) Cost: Subline business expansion is slowing down. In recent years, corporate focus and 020 growth have slowed down and the overall cost has been further controlled. By the end of 2017, company operations reached 242.
There has been no significant increase in the last three years. The current number of businesses is in the tenth place of the industry. There is a marked gap between China’s Galaxy (470), Thailand (340), and Shin Man-Huan (340), but there is still a considerable advantage over the average number of dealers (174) and its overall network is more mature, with long triangles at its core.
At present, companies are working to increase the size and quality of their services through a combination of on-line and off-line linkages, with companies achieving 35 million yuan in 2017 as a net trade-in income for all ministries, ranked fifth in the industry. It is worth noting that 28.85% of them are ahead of the line, showing the company’s best operating efficiency among the leading bond dealers.
3.2.2 Now: The transactional business model has come to an end, and through these four initiatives, the company has become the leading broker with Internet attributes, but overall, the company has not yet fully emerged from the trading-based traditional model.
In the case of homogenous channels, the pattern is not sustainable, and the profit space will eventually run out. For the tender mature capital, the United States securities broker can obtain the best price by arithmetic, both in- and off-the-ground, for a customer's hand-in-hand, through arithmetic transactions.
Under the trading system, the regulatory level does not allow stocks in the two cities to be combined in the presence of the two markets, all instructions to be passed on to the trading system, so that all bond dealers have a high degree of homogeneity and the downward trend in commission rates is irreversible and will eventually reach the balance of profits and losses in the industry. In this context, the shift from trade to wealth management is a major step forward.
The industry commission rate is still about 30% below the profit/loss balance point. Once it enters the profit/loss balance point, the core competitiveness of the retail business will shift from price to asset preservation and value-added capacity, and the base stock of the retail business will also shift from the market value of stock hosting at $33 trillion to household financial assets of more than $10 trillion.
According to the bcg Global Wealth Database, China ' s personal investable financial assets were the second largest in the world in 2016, amounting to RMB 126 trillion. China ' s personal and high net worth wealth grew rapidly over the past decade at an annual rate of about 20%, rising globally, and will decline in the next five years, but will remain so.
Bonders are strong in securities research, asset acquisition and investment management and are expected to achieve a rapid future in wealth management: from a broker to a wealth manager.
As the price of coupons increases, the rate of commission is already widespread, even the rate of commission is no longer too attractive, and the space to go down is quite limited. At this point, the core demand of the bulk households is gradually shifting from price to service quality, so that differentiated services are at the core of future competition.
The current transformation of the Division ' s wealth management has three dimensions: Transformation I: Building a platform-based retail business system. Starting in 2016, companies set a comprehensive wealth management transition goal, reorganizing the corporate business hierarchy according to the client type. Retail customers are divided into three depending on the size of stock account assets.
Category: less than 300,000 clients, less than 300,000 to 10 million clients, and more than 10 million clients, respectively, served by the Ministry of Cyber Finance, the Ministry of Brokerage and Wealth Management and the Ministry of Financial Products. 1) 300,000 clients: standardized Internet services.
The company plans to set up regional network centres and 020 financial experience shops throughout the country, creating regional marketing and further standards.
For this target group, the financial manager replaces the clerk directly to the client of the business department and focuses his business on the financial product dealer. Previously, the company issued a new performance management system for the brokering business system, which has weakened the commissioning of stock transactions and will take care of the property.
The Ministry of Financial Products, which is the overall coordinating agency for wealth management products and high-net customers, has established a large-scale production allocation research team to meet high levels of demand through cooperation between the investment, ficc, and direct investment sectors and the introduction of third-party products.
Transformation two: acquisition of an assetmark, building of a power wealth management platform. To increase the high net value of investment consultancy services, clients’ efficiency and improved service effectiveness, the company completed the acquisition of an assetmark in 2016.
The country’s leading turnkey asset management platform, currently third in the industry, has long provided investment advisers with a range of investment strategies and services such as portfolio management, customer relationship management, asset hosting, etc. Companies are moving ahead with leveraging technology platforms, optimization of management service processes, and product synergies, and are expected to increase the attractiveness of market excellence in the future.
Transformation three: With investment consultancy services as the central strategy for accelerating the transformation of wealth management. The company’s growing role in brokering has not been accompanied by a significant increase in the number of brokers, which has remained between 4600 and 4900, with the administrative costs largely stable, mainly as a result of the company’s active promotion of Internet finance and its back-office.
By the end of 2017, the size of the workforce had reached 1,700 people, with 25.43% of the workforce, and industry rankings asked about the size of the workforce to 3,000, further expanding its advantages in the field of investment.
3.3 Investments: The underwriting business is well developed, and M & As restructuring is likely to result in 3.3.1 doing business in the first group, with a slight differentiation in equity and debt performance.
In terms of project selection, companies have always pursued project quality, clients have been locked in high-quality firms leading the industry, and the overall style of the ipo is stable. This has led to a decline in the size of the business. In 2017, the ipo was significantly reduced.
Half a year. The volume and size of equity financing have declined considerably. In 2017, the ipo started with firms holding about 80%. Of these, the highest rate of 1 p0 passed, 94.23%, in March. But by October, with the new version of the Ipo underwriting, the decline in the size of the city was mainly due to the harmonization of the audit criteria of the new IRB, while the company was in the process of becoming a member of the Board.
In contrast to the current ipo audit, many of the proposed companies representing the new economy are “blitz meetings.” Since this year, the CSRC has significantly extended clearance time and profitability standards for “unicorns” in a number of major new economic sectors, such as biotech, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, high-end manufacturing, etc.
In 2018, companies continued to focus on ipo projects in the fields of biopharmaceuticals, new energy, high technology, etc.
In the first half of the year, six start-up companies contributed $8,617 million in total, the third largest in industry, demonstrating the combined capacity of Huai Tai to adjust and operate more effectively.
The company's performance in bond underwriting has remained generally stable. The total amount of underwriting is $16.36 billion, ranking ninth in line with industry. At present, the first understocking of the Washington Coalition's investment business has been somewhat low, refinancing has been rapidly growing, bond underwriting has been relatively stable, and the line of operations has been fragmented, but overall development has taken place.
3.3.2 The M & A restructuring industry is the first, with large profit margins, M & As leading the industry, and trading in 2017 is the top industry.
Businesses have been at the forefront of the industry, with company M & As falling to the second place of industry in the second consecutive years of 2015 and 2016, according to the number of M & As transactions approved by the CVM, but M & As became number 1 as a result of the progressive improvement in project quality.
In 2017, the CSRC reviewed 173 M & As restructuring projects, 161 of which were passed and 12 were not, with an overall pass rate of 93.06%. This year, 102 fewer cases were recorded (a slight increase of 100% pass rate, robust performance, and a leading project quality control capability in a more stringent regulatory environment) than in 2016.
Figure 38: The rate of independent financial consultants over-consumption in 2017 (%) was mainly affected by the overall decline in the industry environment. However, in terms of the volume of transactions, the figure of $97,304 million in the Huatai Union has now risen to the top of the industry, with the main competition for the securities in hand following it at $8,103 million.
One of the main reasons for maintaining a dominant position in the industry in 2017 was the improvement in the quality of the project, such as the re-marketing of 3600, the total value of the transaction amounting to $50,416 million, and the re-marketing of surplus holdings amounting to $43.3 billion, all of which increased the income of the financial consultant.
First, there is a strong growth in the revenue of financial consultants, which is expected to expand further to the best in the context of changes in the intensity of regulation. Figure 40: Merger and purchase of investment consultant business income (million yuan)
In recent years, in the face of innovative developments in the investment industry, companies have taken the initiative to restructure their operations, continue to promote a professional division of labour and systemic collaboration within the investment platform, develop client accumulation and in-house reputations in key industries, and facilitate the transition of M & As to integrated financial services such as the provision of capital intermediaries. Over the years, two cases have been the case of corporate business innovation.
Case 1: The Blue Cursor case. In 2013, in the Blue Cursor M&A project for Bojay's advertisement, because of the non-operational funds of Bojay's actual controller on the subject, $226 million was spent on the subject matter, according to the compliance requirements for the subject matter.
At the same time as an independent financial consultant, the Hua Tai Coalition introduced a bridge loan ($230 million) for the investment in Hua Tai Yiqin through an innovative trading structure. In this case, the M & As financing introduced by Hua Tai has changed the way M & As are profitable.
Case 2: America’s Great Health Case. In 2016, in a project to market the American Year’s Great Health Friends, the company first analysed opportunities for industrial integration, seized the short trading window period, and completed financing services in a short time.
Structural design and active involvement in competitive negotiations for the acquisition of charitable health-care equity. More importantly, the Washington Consortium’s resources, which in just a few days completed the payment of $1 billion in financing, again applied the innovations of capital intervention, and the M & As restructuring market as a whole grew rapidly.
The overall M & As market is still booming. As the country’s capital market system continues to evolve and the new economy brings about demand for industrial transformation, firms are becoming more active in M & As, and the scale of transactions is increasing.
On the industrial side, the rapid decline of traditional industries and the growth of new and emerging industries are far below expectations, making it impossible to fully transform new and old dynamics. In this context, M & As restructuring markets, guided by both market demand and government, have made a huge difference.
During a period of economic stagnation, large-scale M & As transactions increased by more than 23 times the number of M & As transactions exceeding $100 million, while the total number of M & As fell. The US investment bank played an important role in the current M & As, inventing stock swaps, management acquisitions, etc.
In our case, the conversion of old energy is also an important issue in the current process of economic development. From the point of view of adjusting old energy, the restructuring of M & As will effectively assist excess-capacity industries in terms of production, storage, restructuring of the country’s economy, and draining of stock resources.
To be effective, it is expected that the volume of M & A restructuring transactions will continue to rise rapidly in 2018 and 2019, and that the scale of the transactions is expected to hold. Currently, M & A restructuring continues to have a low percentage of financial consultant revenue and will have much scope for improvement in the future.
This represents only 0.99% of total operating income, with companies ranked 6th in terms of 3.45% of total income, with only 3 of the top 10 large coupons and, in addition to the companies, the third-ranked China-China investment (4.68%) and the seventh gold company (3.21%). In our view, M & As are more synergistic with other operations and more sticky and enablers.
Moreover, in a market environment in which equity financing has declined significantly, investment in excellent proactive capacities and customer resources is expected to keep business income stable. Overall, firms have significant advantages in M&A restructuring, and there is much room for income growth.
3.4 International operations: the trilogy between ports, the United States, Europe and across borders has in recent years led to the gradual liberalization of foreign access to securities markets, the further expansion of qdii, rqdii, -Di, q-Hong Kong, the lifting of the qfii, rqf11 transfer restrictions, and the subsequent integration of a share into the msc1 and the Fry-Russin index systems.
The internationalization of bonds has also taken on new opportunities in the context of continued and deeper domestic and foreign market exchanges. Huatai securities have a pre-eminence in the international strategic layout. To meet the multifaceted financial needs of domestic customers and offshore customers, companies began to build cross-border financial services platforms a few years ago, and are now in the process of doing so.
The development of an integrated international business service system covering Hong Kong and North America, and the next phase will take advantage of the London Exchange ' s (gdr) opportunities to raise brand visibility in the United Kingdom and the European continent and gradually open up the cross-border business profile of the European market.
The 6.67-fold increase and the income share also rose significantly to 8.35 per cent, mainly because the group ' s acquisition of the North American company, Assetmark, created a stronger synergy in overseas wealth management operations, from which Walter King (Hong Kong) has benefited and contributed significantly to the increase in revenues. The firm ' s international operations continued to grow rapidly in the first half of 2018, and in various traditions.
In the larger context of our growing financial openness to the outside world, cross-border linkages between companies and overseas platforms are expected to continue to increase their profits and create new market space for traditional business such as investment, brokering, asset management, etc.
Enhancing the operational efficiency of the whole business chain system.
The company is the first international business platform established by the company in Hong Kong and the Asia-Pacific market. It has a strong overall capital base of HK$8.8 billion, and is in the lead in Hong Kong.
Continue to provide high-quality, diversified financing services to clients, with greater strength in terms of equity and bond-type services. In the first half of 2018, companies were involved in the completion of 4 ipo projects, 1 stock distribution project and 7 bond distribution projects, totalling 12 underwriters with a total volume of 22,892 million Hong Kong dollars.
The Hong Kong market raised more than $50 million in ipo, and Jotting is the third largest in the industry and the third largest in the world. In brokering, Jotting is a leader in financial science and technology, with a well-developed product and customer service process, providing a one-stop asset allocation and wealth management for clients.
Services. By the end of the first half of the year, the company ' s securities-based hosting assets amounted to HK$ 14,573 million, and stock exchanges totalled HK$ 14,573 million. In addition, in the area of research and institutional marketing operations, the Hua Teen Control is actively expanding its business coverage, deepening the integration of a+h research and working with the internal and external sales teams. Over 7,500 clients have been studied in the first half of 2018.
Reporting and advisory services; in stock derivatives, companies are investing in cross-border derivatives business platforms to meet customer financing and risk management needs; in the sale and trading of fixed-income products, companies are continuing to upgrade their investment management capacity and continuously improve their business systems to provide diversified offshore financial products: in asset management
At the operational level, the company is also increasing its proactive management capacity, actively developing various RMB asset management products, and continuously optimizing its client asset allocation. In the first half of 2018, the total amount of funds entrusted to the company was HK$356,103 million (including the size of the funds entrusted to the assetmark).
Resource sharing is expected to result in a steady increase in the size of Walter King’s fiduciary assets. Overall, Joatar King is an important player in the Group’s international strategy, and as our capital markets become more open and fast, an integrated model of outreach within the Group will mature and the profits of Joaquin are expected to grow.
3.4.2 North America: Assetmark. North America ' s leader in the Tamp industry; Assetmark is the leading turnkey asset management platform in the North American market, serving as a third-party financial service provider and technology platform, providing investment strategy and portfolio management, customer relationship management, asset hosting, and investment advisers (rias)
By the end of 2017, the total size of assets (aum) managed by theassetmark platform reached 424 terminal accounts. In addition, more than 900 independent investment advisers signed a new cooperation agreement with theassetmark in 2017.
Since 2018, against the backdrop of increased volatility in United States capital markets, the sharemark has continued to grow more robustly. As of the end of the first half of the year, the total size of assets managed by the assetmark, the number of independent investment advisers served, and the number of end-accounts managed had increased by 6.8%, 2.6%, and 10.6%, respectively, over the end of 2017.
There are more than 450 independent investment advisers who have signed a new cooperation agreement with theassetmark. According to data from cerulliassociates, the market share of the asetmark in the industry was 9.7% by the end of the first quarter of 2018, ranking the assetmark in the North American market.
In general, it provides a series of investment solutions, including common funds, etf, specific accounts, that can help investment advisers manage and service clients more efficiently.
The characteristics and differences of the five accounts are as follows: 1) Common Fund wrapping accounts (mutualfundwrapacounts): the platform ' s supplier will be the base of the market.
For the basket fund product, the platform charges a lower single rate (lower than the market price of the agencies) to its clients.
At present, it is as low as US$ 25,000.2 Exchange transaction funds wrapping accounts (etfwlapacounts): it is also stated that the difference between etf packing accounts and common base gold packing accounts is the difference between the products in the accounts, which are a basket of high-quality items, and a basket of high-quality items.
The goal of the ETf packaged accounts is to provide investors with a benchmark index rate of return at minimal cost, free of commission, often at a lower total cost than a common fund package account.
3) Independent asset management accounts (separately-managedaconts): a portfolio of investments made up of a range of units. These portfolios are one-to-one accounts that are acquired from specialized market asset management agencies and custom-made for institutional or high-net clients.
A significant feature of the independent asset management account is that tax benefits can be optimized and tax liabilities minimized by offsetting profits and losses between different shares. The start-up value of the account is higher than in the first two accounts, usually 4) the unified management account (unifedmanagedaconts): includes almost all investable targets, for example
Common funds, etc., equities, bonds, and investment decisions are usually made by technology solutions (quantitative strategies) or investment clients. Unlike independent asset management accounts, the single management accounts are no longer limited to one-to-one accounts, and one account is required to provide a full range of investments, similar to the Fof or Mom type of integrated management, which allows taxes and taxes to be taxed.
Decisions on transactions, portfolio rebalancing, etc. are optimized. The costs are collected centrally by the platform’s suppliers and redistributed between the platform, the capital company, and the fund company. 5) Unifiedly managed household accounts (unifiedmanagedhouseholds): the asset is covered.
The pool of all individual accounts in the family is similar to the concept of the family finance office. The basis for the unified management of accounts has been added to include investment targets such as real estate, private companies, etc., and the scope of investment management services has been greatly expanded.
For 30 years, the size of the assets managed by the Tamp platform has grown from less than $1 billion to more than $250 billion, with an annual growth rate of 32%.
The most recent statistics show that, by the end of the first quarter of 2018, the share of the market in the United States Tamp industry was 9.7 per cent, ranked third, with the top two being envestnet and sei. We believe that the value of the assetmark to the company comes mainly from four sources:
1) Promote the transformation of corporate wealth management by drawing on the business model. The middle-level back-office system of the assetmark is sufficiently mature to train and target the workforce, etc., is in the forefront of the industry. By drawing on the middle-level back-office mode of operation of the assetmark, the Huatai securities can accelerate the transformation of the business process of wealth management, which is driven from the original.
Clients do business more often than encourage their clients to use asset allocation. Companies already have a stronger customer base in wealth management, with a total of over 12 million clients, securities hosting totalling 2.7 trillion yuan, and are currently receiving roughly only 12 to 3 million transaction commissions, and the profit model is less effective.
Assumptions that 5% of the total hosting assets of 2.7 trillion are further developed into wealth management-type assets that meet the foreign asset allocation needs of high-value clients at an average management fee of 1%, or 2%. Companies act as domestic bond dealers with the largest brokering clients.
At present, most of the high-value clients abroad invest more in real estate or deposit in foreign banks, with a limited share of other configurations, and the passive investment products provided by theassetmark match this demand.
In the future, the company will collaborate closely with the assetmark in North American markets on investment, product development, customer flow, etc. 3) It will facilitate the process of technology marriage and promote the upgrading of investment support technology. The multi-investments offered on theassetmark platform, solutions, one-stop asset management systems, business processes, etc., can be used directly by companies at the technical level.
In addition to strategic synergies, the satellitemark does not work.
There is still a high-quality growth environment in the Tamp market. In the mature U.S. market environment, many financiers tend to operate independently and have a preference for outsourcing services. Models of fees based on the size of the capital are also widely accepted, with future growth in the industry. The core client group of thesetmark is managing 50 million.
With an independent financial adviser of 200 million assets, a total of 100,000 clients are targeted in this zone, while the share of the clientele is currently only 6,000, representing only 6 per cent of the total, and there is significant scope for future development. Moreover, it is worth noting that on 30 August 2018, the Washington Securities Board considered the adoption of the assetmark in the United States.
After this break-up, the company will remain in control of the assetmark. Listing outside the country helps to further consolidate its core competitiveness, promotes the internationalization of the company, and promotes the company’s international influence and return on investment as a controlling shareholder.
3.4.3 Europe: gdr leads, a strategy for Europe supported by London. On 25 September 2018, the Valtay Securities Bulletin announced that a global deposit voucher (gdr) would be issued and applied for listing on the London Exchange.
A company with a stock in gdr, issued in Lon, is expected to be the first to market (a+h+g) in the Mainland, Hong Kong, and London. The regulatory level has already made several statements in favour of the opening of the krontons by the end of the year.
Listed companies with two conditions can issue deposit vouchers (dr) and deal on the other side’s market. These include two-way operations, the London Exchange, issued by depositors, the cdr, issued in China on the basis of offshore securities and representing the basic equity of offshore securities, and the Shanghai Stock Exchange, issued by depositors and based on internal securities in London.
According to the company announcement, the London Exchange will raise no less than $500 million. The specific purpose of the fund-raising will be three things: one is to invest continuously in the existing main business and to further strengthen corporate wealth management, institutional services, investment.
The competitive advantage of the industry in managing the three main segments is to support in-house and expansive growth in international operations, to expand the external strategy, and the company ' s announcement for the first time refers to the European layout strategy, opening up further room for international business development; and to supplement operating capital and meet general enterprise needs.
In our view, gdr’s distribution could provide companies with access to offshore financing and further boost their capital. More importantly, the company would use it to open up Europe’s business layout and a third international business outside Asia and the Pacific and North America.
The main concern of corporate management for choosing to release gdr is to extend the international business layout and raise brand visibility. Overall, in the context of the accelerated opening of domestic capital markets to the outside world, the company’s distribution of gdr is a two-way street of capital markets.
Another landmark event of openness is also an important part of the company’s further transformation of international securities dealers. 3.5 Investment management: proactive management leads, private equity advances rapidly.
The industry is at the forefront, matching the company’s combined strength. In addition to bond management, the company has been active in recent years in the development of private equity funds and fund-raising operations, and it is expected that the next three will create synergies in the construction of the group’s largest 1) company bond-management operations will be carried out mainly by its subsidiary, Hua Tai.
The asset size advantage is that, according to the Fund Association, in the fourth quarter of 2017, the average monthly asset management standard for the management of the Chinese capital amounted to $788.562 billion, ranking second in the industry; the monthly average active management of the business amounted to $240,187 million, ranking fourth in the industry. Although both sizes are in the middle of the industry, the trend is different: companies are in the same position:
The average monthly size of the management structure has shown a rapid downward trend, with the size of less than $800 billion in the fourth quarter clearly declining from $970,841 million in the first quarter, while the monthly average size of the management initiative has remained relatively stable, holding at around $240 billion over the past few quarters. The opposite trend reflects a positive contraction of the company’s passive management (channel operations).
The movement in scale and the determination to move forward with a proactive management transition, with a more robust performance in terms of both attaining the second and fourth levels of active capital at the end of 2017 and a monthly average. Here, in the context of the general trend toward de-routing and netting, the increase in the size of the bondbrokers has declined rapidly, with China’s management as well.
In 2013 and 2014, the size of corporate governance grew at a rate of more than 150%; in 2015, under pressure from tight regulation, the value expanded to a business model centred on proactive management. Under this model, corporate management revenue continued to grow at a high rate, creating a deviation between size and income.
The company is actively upgrading its proactive management capacity in the category of products and has achieved positive returns based on the steady development of the silver certificate business; and the management of the special asset management programme.58
Only, with a combined size of $61.9 billion, has maintained advantages in the areas of consumer finance, leasing, supply chains, and financial cooperation, and has made a breakthrough in real-estate finance, and internationalization. Looking ahead to the next phase of corporate capital management, we believe that the new regulations will remain a top priority.
The impact of the new regulations on bond management is mainly twofold: first, the continuous contraction of corridor operations. The securities industry association data show a significant contraction of coupons at the end of 2017.
At a rate of 4 per cent, the revenue from pipeline-type operations amounted to $5.756 billion, representing less than 2 per cent of the total income of coupons in 2017, and had a more limited impact on the performance of coupons. On the other hand, the impact was that the pooled pool operations would face a contribution of about 0.3 per cent of the total income of coupons in 2017, with a relatively small impact.
Under this, as the industry’s leading large-scale voucher, the company will take advantage of its capital size and investment capacity, and will continue to move towards a proactive management transition that, while optimizing its business structure, is expected to maintain robust income growth. 2) Private equity fund operations will be handled by its subsidiary, Hua Tai Yiqing. In recent years, private equity investments have been made.
As structural supply-side reforms and the transformation of the real economy move forward, private equity investment is accelerating as an important force of the direct service entity economy. According to the China Research Centre, in 2017 there were 2,533 new private-equity fund-raising funds in China, up from 2016.
With new rules of governance in place and better regulation of private equity, private equity markets are beginning to face even more serious challenges, with new market collections shrinking and the head-to-head concentration of capital markets beginning. In increasingly competitive markets, Hua Tai Yiqin investments are actively adapting to regulatory changes around a series of regulatory regulations.
By the end of the first half of 2018, companies had set up 18 private equity investment funds, amounting to $42,639 million and paying $36,865 million. In addition, companies had established and increased their investments in the first half of the year.
The private equity investment fund has 42 investment projects, of which 36 are equity investment projects and 6 are creditor investment projects; the total amount invested is 2,343 million yuan, of which 2,166 million are equity investment projects and 3 are creditor investments. With regard to public funds, companies have actively promoted the business development of participating companies, the South Fund, and the Whitebury Fund.
Both fund companies have a well-established wind control system and are able to provide a rich and diverse product bank and one-stop capital management service. The South Foundation is the leading fund in the business, and has been tested for more than 20 years in the city of roulettes and bears and has achieved robust performances. In 2017, the South Foundation has over 40 funds for an annual period.
With a return of more than 10 per cent and a return of more than 20 funds for the current year of 20 per cent, the size of the South Fund ' s management assets totalled $724,610 million by the end of 2017, of which the number of public fund-raising and management funds totalled 153 and the size of the management assets totalled $44,031 million, representing an increase of 12.40 per cent;
On the other hand, the size of management assets amounted to RMB 94,078 million, of which the number of public fund-raising operations management funds amounted to 57 and managed to RMB 17,88 per cent more than the previous year. Since 2018, the two funds have maintained a steady growth in size. By the end of the first half of 2018, the total size of the South fund-raising was RMB 778,627 million, of which the public fund-raising operations amounted to RMB 50,01,151 million;
The size of the public fund-raising business is $277,476 million. The total size of the management in Waterbury is $102,510 million, of which the public fund-raising level is 3.6 self-employed: there are parallel developments in the field and off-site, long-term equity gains and profits.
In addition, with the concept of diversified investment, companies actively undertake derivative investment studies and engage in exchange financial products as market services.
On the investment side, the company is gradually improving the Ficcc system and has been gradually increasing the self-employment ratio over the past three years, partly because of the trend towards the division of equity markets in recent years, and partly because of the firm’s desire for sound operations and smooth investment returns. In bond allocation, companies also hold their positions by reducing their credit debts.
Proportions, increasing asset stability and reducing credit risk. 3) With regard to off-site trading markets, companies offer and trade OTC financial products for their customers, specifically equity-based earnings swaps, income vouchers, etc., and product types are gradually leading the industry. There are two main reasons for good corporate self-employment, one because of investment style.
It is more robust, and it benefits blue. Although the equity investment ratio was reduced to 18% in 2017, relatively robust returns are still being made in the face of the overall weakness of the debt market, owing to the fact that, in the case of solid investments, the team has better grasped the phasing window for interest-rate debt.
Figure 52: Corporate investment returns (millions of yuan) Long-term equity investments have also significantly increased the company ' s own profits. In 2017, long-term equity investments in companies increased from two to three.
The company, as the third largest shareholder of Jiangsu Bank, invested more than $5 billion and held 5.54% of the shares. At the end of 2017, the company changed the accounting methods of Jiangsu Bank from financial assets available for sale to long-term equity investments.
Equity held is only as a financial investment, recognized as a financial asset for sale and measured at fair value. However, at the request of the State Finance Committee of Jiangsu Province, the company decided to exercise full shareholder rights, exercise influence over the Jiangsu Bank Board of Directors, convert financial investments into strategic investments, and change the accounting to long-term equity equity equity.
In volume, the change in the stock price of Jiangsu Bank will have a direct impact on the company's net assets, but when adjusted to long-term equity investment interests, the net profit of Jiangsu Bank's consolidated statements will have a direct effect on the company's net profit, based on the shareholding ratio, but the volatility of its short-term stock prices will no longer affect the company, which will help to improve the firm's robust performance.
The investment earnings of the joint venture were $540 million, of which the South Fund, the Watertébury Fund and Jiangsu Bank contributed $405 million, $86 million and $0.05 million respectively, representing a total of 91.86 per cent. In the first half of 2018, the company ' s long-term equity investment continued to be strong. As of the end of the first half of the year, the company ' s long-term equity investment assets stood at 102.00.
The investment returns for Jiangsu Bank and the South Fund are $362 million and $227 million, respectively. In addition, the UTF and the UTF also contribute more than $100 million in investment returns.
Baba and Suning purchase, respectively, 3.5 billion yuan and 3.4 billion yuan, and the two electric giants will form strategic partnerships with the company. It is expected that the company’s online client flow capacity will increase significantly, and business transformation strategies will accelerate.) The wealth management transition will shape differences, with offshore layouts developing in tandem.
Keeping stock-based markets first while focusing on transforming wealth management and further building differentiated business models. Assetmark, a controlling subsidiary, maintains rapid growth in the United States market, and its exposure to technology and experience in the area of services will continue to create important synergies for the transformation of companies.
It is clear that, under the broad pattern of industry’s openness to the outside world, there is a weak idea that companies benefit from regulatory resources as large bond dealers. In the context of fostering the new economy, corporate equity underwriting and M & As restructuring are expected to expand even further.
The company will be the first company to be listed on the market after the company's arrival in Lundon to hand over the shares of gdr issued. As the first company, a+h+g, in addition to further access to offshore financing, the company will be able to open up the European business, creating a three-way cross-border connection between Hong Kong, North America, and Europe.
4.2 Profit forecasting and valuation Continuing downfalls in secondary markets, overall decline in the quality of industry assets, and less than expected transformation of wealth management