Pulse Bank, 2017 and Quarterly Review: Growth in fees and fees, pressure, high and steady rates of non-performing loans
As a bank with a traditional advantage in the field of public business, in recent years Pou-Hau Bank has been rated as a retail business: more resources are being invested than in large markets, promoting a more balanced corporate business structure. Over 18 years, regulation has continued.
In the case of asset quality, one quarter of non-performing loans has generated pressure on fee-earning income growth, a high and stable rate of non-performing loans, and a higher level of asset quality performance is yet to be further observed. The company’s growth rating is maintained.
The revenue from fees and charges has increased by a drop in the same year. The net profit from the first quarter fell by 1.09 per cent from the same year to a decrease of 7.72 per cent from the same quarter, of which the revenue from fees fell by 13.21 per cent from the same year, and is expected to cover mainly the impact of the decline in revenue from fiscal-related operations. In addition, in the context of exchange rate fluctuations, remittances are expected to fall.
Gains on exchange and revenues from related derivatives fell by nearly 1.2 billion over the same period of 17 years, with a higher recovery rate than the same rate, taking into account the risk of the quality of stock assets, and the company ' s increased base of provision, raising the level of coverage to 153 per cent in the first quarter, which is also an important factor in the decline in the company ' s net profit in the first quarter of the year.
At the end of the asset, the size of the company declined by 0.07%, the asset structure shifted towards assets and loans, the size of assets and deposits grew better than those of the partner, and the debt structure was further optimized, but there was competition in the deposits competitive market.
Against this background, the higher cost of corporate deposits is expected to put pressure on the end-of-the-end cost of the liability, which, according to our last caliber calculations at the beginning of the period, is 22 bp per cent per quarter, faster than an increase in the end-of-the-life rate of return on the asset (+8bps, qoq).
The rate of non-performing loans is high, and the provision is still under pressure. The ratio of non-performing loans to non-performing loans of more than a quarter of the year fell by 19 percentage points to 86% from the end of the six-month period.
The Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. has a negative expectation of the quality of the assets of the Securities Investment Advisory Service, has a high margin of valuation security and maintains an increased rating of Poufan Bank.
The net profit of the first quarter of the Pulse Development Bank fell by 1.09 per cent over the same period, down by 17 years (2.18 per cent). The first quarter of the company fell by 7.72 per cent over the same year.
Net interest income fell by 0.91 per cent over the same period, while revenue from fees decreased by 13.21 per cent over the same period for the first quarter. The projected decrease in revenue from fees was mainly due to the impact of regulation on revenue from treasury-related operations. Moreover, in the context of exchange rate fluctuations during the first quarter, exchange gains and related derivatives were nearly $1.2 billion lower than during the same period in 17 years, with a corresponding rate of 2.8 percentage points higher than for the second quarter of the year.
To 153 per cent, which is also an important factor in the decline in the net profits of the company in the first quarter of the year, negative restructuring, with savings growing better than their counterparts.
The asset structure of the company is tilted toward joint assets and loans, with a 13.8 per cent/1.2 per cent increase in the size of the joint assets and loan ring in the first quarter. Under the scenario, the projected upward cost of corporate deposits puts pressure on the end-of-the-end cost of the liability, which, according to our initial caliber, is one quarter of interest-bearing interest-bearing companies 22bp, faster than the increase in yield on the end-of-the-life asset (+8bps, qoq), resulting in a net interest-rate differential of the company for the first quarter.
The rate of non-performing loans is stable, and the rate of non-performing loans is still under pressure, and the rate of non-performing loans is stable for the first quarter of the Bank, with a rate of non-performing loans of 2.14 per cent in 17 years and 2.13 per cent in 18 q1 years.
At the end of the 18th quarter of 18 years, the company provided 153%/3.26% coverage and loan allocation ratio, and the ring increase 21pc and 43bp still had some pressure on the provision. As a bank with a traditional advantage in the public sector, PDC’s resource investment in retail business has been increasing in recent years.
In terms of asset quality, the high rate of non-performing lending during the first quarter is stable, and asset quality performance needs to be further observed. Considering the negative expectations about the impact of regulation on corporate revenue collection, there is a high margin for valuation and maintenance of the Pulse Bank’s increased rating.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)