q1 performed better than expected to see future performance elasticity – a group of media companies (002027.sz) published the 2019 and the 1 2020 quarterly reports on the evening of 27 April 2020.
The 2019 profit distribution scheme for Cao Xuant was based on the company ' s total equity as at 31 December 2019 (i.e., 14,434,499,726 shares) after the then Public Prosecutor ' s Office had repurchased the equity shares.
Yao Tianhai, at the end of the income line, was affected by the decline in Internet investment and the downward pressure on macroeconomics, and by the downside of the harvest, which we believe to be more significant as a result of the cold in the first-tier market and the obstruction of financing.
(b) At the cost end, from 2018q2, there has been a surge in the massive expansion of points in response to the new tide. However, since 2019, the number of points in both crowds and new tides has remained stable.
In any case, 2019 was the first full year of cost increases. To date, however, we believe that both factors have improved, starting with corporate ownership of the income structure.
The contribution of consumer-friendly customers continued to be strengthened. By the end of 2019, consumer-type customers accounted for 34 per cent of their income, rising continuously from 31 per cent of 2019h1, and the impact of Internet customers was gradually eliminated. Second, the number of points fell steadily, with companies owning an elevator poster position of 1,894,000 at the end of 2019, a decrease of 12.9 per cent.
10,000; 73,000 elevator television spots, 17,000 less than the same year; over 11,000 screens, about 1,700 less than the same year. q1 received a greater impact of the epidemic as an offline medium in 2020, but the overall impact was lower than in the city.
We believe that the demand-side performance is better than expected. In addition, q1 consulted with the parties, most of the cinemas have been relieved of their closure.
1 Quarterly Report Review: q3 received back the company's cinema media rental costs, and some communities and affected writing buildings accordingly reduced the company's rental costs for buildings that were affected by the epidemic and could not be advertised properly.
It is worth noting that since 2019q3, the accounts receivable problem has been eased, with two consecutive quarters of accounts receivable billion dollars and a $106 million reduction in the ring comparison, and we believe that the company's repayments have improved, and that they are improving and costing.
With a reduced impact, the net operating cash flow of 2020q1 was $658 million, an increase of $76 million over the same period: we believe that 2020q1 represents basically the firm ' s dark moments of recent years. Even so, the company still has something to go around, such as receivables, cash flow, etc.
Much, like the reworking of cinemas, the restoration of government subsidies (actually business-related), the recovery of demand, etc., we look forward to the future elasticity of the company’s performance, both in terms of recovery and a steady decline in costs. We expect the company’s cooperation with Ali to be less advanced than expected.
Yao Tianhai, Yao Tianhai, Master of Materials Science and Engineering from China University, formerly employed as assistant president and securities delegate in a listed company in the media, the former Dongheung Securities Media has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in this report are only for information purposes, and the information or observations in this report do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.