Review: Short-term exposure to the epidemic, long-term recognition of company scarce value Industry classification: cultural media 28/04/2020
Incidents: Companies published annual reports 2019 and one quarterly report 2020: 2019: In 2019, the company earned $12.14 billion (youy-16.6 per cent), resulting in a net profit of $1.88 billion (youy-67.8 per cent) and a net profit of $1,280 million (youy-74.5 per cent) not attributable to the mother.
Quarterly report 2020: q1 received $1.94 billion (yoy-25.8 per cent) in 2020, net profit of $40 million (vov-88.9 per cent) and net profit of non-mortality of $200 million (vov-120.9 per cent) and company performance in 2019 met expectations and was largely influenced by macroeconomic downward pressures: (1) advertising
Industry, as a highly economically relevant sector, was affected by macroeconomics in 2019, and demand in China’s advertising market was weak and industry was less favourable. (2) Clients, Internet-type advertising in the company’s customer structure, reduced advertising budgets for reasons such as the market financing environment, and significantly reduced revenues from advertising in the Internet sector.
In 2001, the company’s revenues and profits fell sharply, and the epidemic hit the under-line media. Under the epidemic, cinemas were still open, company cinema advertisements had been suspended since the spring festival, and demand for media related to high levels of circulation had been drastically reduced by the delayed resumption of work.
In the second half of the year, the decline in operating income has been narrow, and the company’s performance has improved on a quarterly basis. In late 2019, incomes of traditional customers in the traditional sector, represented by consumer goods, increased to some extent to offset the impact of Internet customers.
In addition, the company ' s revenue from elevator television and elevator posters has fallen in parallel with the increase in its high-quality resource points, and costs have been controlled accordingly. During the reporting period, the company ' s operating costs were $1.21 billion, a decrease of 26.9 per cent over the same period of $1.66 billion, with media rental costs compared to last year ' s.
The hospital has already reduced the cost of the company's cinema's media rental during the closure of the cinema, and some communities and affected writing buildings have accordingly reduced the company's ability to advertise regularly because of the epidemic. The largest urban media network in the country sees future performance elasticity. The company has the highest quality.
Media location and advertising client resources, and the country’s elevator television, elevator poster, and cinema screen advertising media are absolutely leading markets. With the spread of the epidemic under control, the country’s full-scale resumption of work is expected to increase rapidly, and the demand for advertising by advertisers is expected to be higher.
In the post-epidemiological era, companies are expected to increase their market share even further, with their anti-risk and cost-control capabilities superior to those of their competitors. Profit predictions and investment ratings: companies have scarce media value, and company stock prices are now in history.
Schedule: Company financial statements forecast