The airport rental agreement led to a significant reduction in the cost of sales, and a+h highlighted the international resolve to increase internationalization on April 22, 2021.
The company issued its financial report for 2020, which achieved business income of $52.597 billion (+8.2%), a net profit of $6.139 billion (+32.57%) for the mother, a net profit of $5.967 billion (+55.83%) for the non-mother, and a net profit of $3.14 for the company during the year.
The opening of direct mail operations during the period, the introduction of the Hainan New Deal, which led to a significant increase in duty-free off-island operations in the second half of the year, and the reduction in the average rent payable by the airport, which led to a significant decline in the cost of company sales on-the-job basis. The year saw a gradual loss in performance, driven by high tax-free growth in Hainan Island.
The impact of the epidemic has been severe, with a marked decline in the performance of the airport and off-island duty-free operations, with the only single quarter of the year losing performance; the q2 direct mail operation running on the open line being a gain; the collection of net profits after the implementation of the new duty-free regulations on q3 off-island; and the entry of q4 into the traditional South China tourist season, achieving its highest annual performance.
There has been a significant increase in tax exemptions in Hainan off the island, with tax-free shops in Sanya increasing by 103.7 per cent in the same year, companies in China rising by 230.48 per cent in the same year and companies in Shanghai by 9.37 per cent in the same year.
The decline in the share of duty-free sales of goods affected by the epidemic resulted in a significant reduction in the rate of 40.22% (-8.85pt) of gross domestic product (-15.14pt) due to airport rents; a management cost rate of 3.11% (-0.24pt); and a financial cost rate of 1.03% (-1.09pt) due to the appreciation of the renminbi during the period.
(b) Distributiona/total equity (billions): 21q1 performances of slightly less than 20q4 per year of in situ influence, airport rental agreements showing first signs of success, salesa market value (billions):
28,49 million yuan, an increase of 2,871 million yuan over the same period last year. This represents a decrease of $126 million from the same year's off-island rabbit tax sales.
(-2.21 pct), financial cost rate of 0.01% (+0.28 pct), with the new lease agreement with Shanghai Airport showing an early success, with sales costs falling significantly by 47.47% over the same period.
\triangleright The tax-exempt subject competes against changing the edge of the head card.
The Shanghai airport rental agreement has led to a significant reduction in sales costs, negotiations are still under way at Beijing airport and Guangzhou airport, and the future new rental agreement will require less than expected consumption risk; exchange rate fluctuations risk; and policies will drive less than expected risk.
China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South Africa, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
The company's performance was reported in the first quarter of 2021 in 2020.
The company issued its financial report for 2020, which achieved business income of $52.597 billion (+8.2%), a net profit of $6.139 billion (+32.57%) from the mother, a net profit of $5.967 billion (+55.83%) from the non-mother, and a net profit of $3.14 from the company. During the year, there was a significant increase in corporate revenue, net profits, and a major increase in company direct mail operations during the reporting period.
Quarterlyly, 20q1 was seriously affected by the epidemic, and the airport and off-island tax-exempt operations suffered a significant decline, with the only single quarter of the year losing performance; q2 straight-line direct mail operations lost a surplus; and q3 went off-island with the new tax-exempt regulations.
Revenues and net profits increased significantly; q4 went to the traditional South China tourist season to achieve the highest annual performance. q1/q2/q3/q4 received $7,971 billion ($2,233 million/2.75 billion) in q1/q2 q4 and increased by 118.36 per cent/-8.85 per cent/1220.4 per cent/657.18 per cent in the Shanghai region.
One billion yuan (+12.748%) represents a net return of 2,849 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 2,871 million yuan over the same period last year, mainly due to the same increase in duty-free sales off-island operations and the lower base of exposure to the epidemic during the same period last year. The net return profit ring is $126 million less than 20q4, mainly due to the early success of the airport’s new rental agreement this spring, with sales costs falling by 47.47% compared to the previous year.
1.1 Duty-free operations from the island continue to be deep-deep in the South China Market and improve the distribution of duty-free marketing channels. During the reporting period, the company Tria Sea Bay Rivermin Island project was officially operational, with a comprehensive consumer approach combining tax and tax-free, shopping and leisure services in the former Sea Bay tax-free city; and a tax-free San Phoenix airport was added at the end of the year.
In the course of the year, the company became the owner of a tax-free airport project in a number of key cities in the country: Hong Kong, Macao tax-free shops and cross-border operations.
In Hong Kong and Australasia, the tax-free shop has lost a surplus during the year. (-0.24 pct); the financial cost rate - 1.03% (-1.09 pct) is due to the appreciation of the renminbi during the period.
Figure 5: Changes in the Māori and Net Interest Rates in China: Changes in the Cost Free Rates in China: In terms of performance in 2020, China ' s tax-exempt market is the only tax-free market with positive growth worldwide, with companies operating globally in the second half of the year.
From the customs data for the first quarter, Hainan is exempt from 90% of duty-free sales, and many tax-free subjects compete for the advantage of a long-term benign industrial development. The Hainan 14th Plan continues its tax-exempt operation, with duty-free sales delivered during the year, residents returning to the island, and is expected to reach 100 billion tax-free sales in 2022.
The company intends to start preparations for the issuance of offshore foreign shares (h-stocks) and their listing on Hong Kong United Exchange Limited. A+h layout expands the bloodstream for the next tax-exempt map and further widens the edge of the tax-exempt market in the country.
In the future, more new rivals will enter the market and the potential loss of their share of the exit from the country. Associated companies will have access to more offshore investors, which will help them pre-position overseas markets, compensate for the short number of offshore shops, and dock global resources. We expect companies to be at risk of macroeconomic volatility, consumer demand less than expected, tax-exempt policies driving change risks, exchange-rate risks, overseas epidemics more than expected.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.