Trailingbuy Inter-District Operation China (60188.sh)
According to the previous announcement, the company plans to issue a daily share of no more than 8% of the company’s total stock (before the excess distribution rights are exercised) and to award it to the international community.
A company can increase its international visibility when it comes to the Hong Kong market, and a more modern equity structure when the global duty-free market is frozen by the effects of the epidemic. In 2020, the company was released from Hainan Island.
Tax markets burst, making a leap to becoming the world’s largest tax-free operator. Operationally, planning to explore an out-of-date development path, as revealed in the annual report, does not preclude companies from engaging in future overseas strategy mergers and acquisitions and expansions, and when they go to Hong Kong, the company’s visibility abroad will increase for the future.
Potential acquisitions, along the supply chain, also facilitate access to high-quality pipeline resources. As a result of repeated global epidemics, the short-term return of offshore travel is less likely in the short term, and the duty-free market in Hainan Island is still available this year.
Next, the price of the passenger unit rose further to $8207 per person, and early in the year, the Henan Provincial Secretary looked forward to a market of 300 billion in 2025, 800 billion in 2030, with full potential for future markets. Despite the future, the size of the off-island duty-free market has expanded as the epidemic improves or faces the possibility of diversions from the outside world.
Large trends in product mix are expected to be maintained. Based on a combination of advantages, companies are still trading in commodities in Hainan.
In a position of absolute leadership, through the promotion of the Haiguchi International Free City project and the Sanya International Tax City Phase 2 project, the company ' s duty-free off-island market layout will continue to grow from institutional investors to a share in the flow of shares.
In the post-epidemic market, the company’s important tax-free pipelines are more comprehensive and are now, for the most part, actively moving into the city’s duty-free stores, although the policy is still unclear, and is expected to benefit from the recovery from the epidemic by strengthening collaboration with local governments. Whether by deepening the Henan layout or preparing the city’s tax-free stores,
It will bring with it a continuing need for financial resources, and to a certain extent it will serve as a “blood supplement” to go to Hong Kong.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.