China Free (601888): Taking advantage of industry opportunities, multi-programming should compete with China ' s current domestic duty-free retail leader.
The income from the operation was 18,134 million yuan, an increase of 127.48 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net gain of 2,849 million yuan for the mother, mainly in the sale of duty-free goods, mainly tobacco and alcohol, and perfume, which resulted in a loss of 22 million yuan over the same period of the year (retroactively).
The high rate of tax-exempt activity on the island has had some impact in the past year, and is expected to accelerate growth in the future with the help of holidays. Since the New Deal came into effect in July 20, exemption from taxes on the island has continued to increase, with the year-round exemption from taxes in Hainan.
Tax stores sold at $32.7 billion (including taxes), an increase of 127 per cent over the same year. q1 was affected in 21 years by the policy of dynasty, and the effect of the festival was not fully released, with 16.4 million duty-free daily purchases off the island, down from 18.4 million during the 20-year anniversary, but the price of the guest unit was significantly higher from $7084.5 on the occasion of the National Day.
The demand for duty-free consumption rose by 22.4% to 8670 dollars in the spring. The company was well off the island’s duty-free market, a sea-free acquisition was completed in June of 20 years, airport shops were expanded, integrated business arrangements were continuously promoted, the dividends of industry growth were fully realized, and revenues and profits were increased.
The circulation b/h (millions of shares) to effective control, as well as continuous vacations such as King Ming, I, I, I, I, I, and the summer season, to compensate for the surge in travel requirements, to benefit from the continued increase in tax exemption from the island, and to take stock of company q2 and performance throughout the year.
There is a marked increase in profitability, and there is still much room for improvement. During the epidemic, companies are actively engaged in online business model innovation and the sale of taxable commodities on the outreach line, which has led to a slight decline in Māori as the epidemic eases, internal migrations and exits, resulting in an increase in Māori tax sales and an adjustment in the income structure.
Normal level. The company ' s new rent agreement with Shanghai airport resulted in a 20-year rent reduction of approximately $3 billion to $1.156 billion, which resulted in a good performance of q4 and year-round. 21 years q1 regular renewal of the new rent agreement and capital airport ' s operating profit rate of 24.6 per cent, up from 20 years.
18.4%, or 15.7%, of the net home country interest rate, up from 11.7% in 20 years, reflects a steady increase in the profitability of companies that do not take into account rent cuts. If a new rental agreement is reached with the capital airport, and 15% of tax concessions are achieved, there is still much room for improving corporate profit performance.
There are also research assistants: Wei Wooming, looking for a gradual recovery, and the firm's active and multi-channel expansion to deal with competition in the industry.
From the date of the implementation of the New Deal free of charge until 6 April 2021, duty-free purchases from the island amounted to $34.7 billion, s148031, corresponding to +244 per cent, and 43.26 million items, corresponding to +215 per cent.
Tax-free shopping on the island amounts to more than $60 billion, or $100 billion in 2022. Tax-free off-island policy has had a significant impact, and the outbreak is expected to improve the airport’s access to tax-free access, which is the driving force behind the growth of companies.
(b) Plans to promote tax-free retail tourism complex projects in priority cities in the country: to be launched; to be put on the market; to be prepared for subsequent expansion; or to continue to expand the tax-free layout of companies.
Long-term deep-farming duty-free markets, leading in many areas such as branding cooperation, supplier resources, business management and marketing, and actively pursuing full-channel outreach to respond to the increased competition from new players and offshore operators when they leave the country, are expected to maintain a sustained lead, with competition increasing.
Profit forecasts: companies have a leading edge in duty-free markets and will fully benefit from the industrial growth dividend, which is expected to be 51/36/30 times higher than that of a pe. A “strongly recommended” rating is maintained.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, China, China, 601888: taking advantage of the opportunities of the industry, multi-programming against competition, the source of financial prosperity in the East, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
East Hing Securities Co. reported that China (601888) is taking advantage of the opportunities of the industry, and multiple layouts are needed to deal with competition.
Experience in consumption and strategy studies in the Hong Kong Unit, currently in the social services sector, with emphasis on education and training, human resources services, catering hotels, travel, study assistant profiles Wei Woo-meng
The researcher's own research opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.