The situation on the island is still good, and it's growing all year round.
The announcement of a revenue of $52.6 billion by 2020, an increase of 8.2 per cent, recorded a net profit of $6.14 billion, and tax-free access to the island to maintain a high profile. The second half of the benefit was the New Deal, the China-South Bank, which operated in 2020, and Sea Bay plus Sea Free (including off-island repurchases), which contributed $31.23 billion, or close to 60 per cent.
In his channel, Shanghai's direct mail line also showed a remarkable performance, with revenue of 13.33 billion, and the increase in the sales of tax-free goods (a 1613 per cent increase in sales of 19.7 billion dollars in the same year) was expected to result in a decline in the share of free-of-charge Māori goods, as well as in the impact of promotional activities.
Costs, due to the re-establishment of rent agreements between the company and Shanghai Airport, and the re-entry of rents in 2020, resulted in a significant drop in the cost of sales, 43 per cent over the same period, and an increase in the exchange rate, which resulted in a significant annual cost of 16.46 ptt to 18.9 per cent.
The product mix shows a 3.8 per cent increase in income ring relative to 4q, a 4 per cent drop in net profit, and I, merchandise trade.
It was argued that, on the one hand, China's overall sales were growing at a slower pace, as a result of the Government's policy of “over-the-date”, and that, according to the Customs Department of China, the value of duty-free shopping from the island in January-February amounted to $8.32 billion, while institutional investors accounted for the share of the circulation a.
A 4 per cent increase over the sum accumulated in November-December was accompanied by a larger tax exemption from the island, resulting in a decrease in the Māori rate from 6.9 pct to 39.11 per cent in the same year; on the other hand, no new agreement has been reached on the rental of Beijing airport, and the tax earned is still based on 25 per cent of the tax and tax revenue.
Companies have advantages in terms of size, procurement, and despite the increase in the number of duty-free shop operators in Hainan, the industry is still looking good, and the company will benefit from the cake.
According to other sources, there is room for negotiation of rents at Beijing airport, short-term cost pressures are expected to decrease further; in addition, the expected change in duty-free shop policy in the city is long overdue and, as the epidemic improves, the policy associated with duty-free shops in the city is expected to continue.
On the market, a new round of financing is used to prepare for the follow-up. On balance, we keep a positive outlook on performance prospects.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.