The trend of off-island sales continues to rise, and promotion discounts have no real impact on China's average performance rate for the first quarter of 2021
On 13 April, the company issued a quarterly fast report on its performance, achieved revenue of $18.1 billion per year +137 per cent in the first quarter of 2021, performed slightly less than expected in ring q1, with no significant change in the net profit rate of 1q21 after excluding the impact of rent return of 4q20, which continued to increase at a higher rate, while the net interest-free net interest-rate ratio of 4q20 was raised to 16.9 per cent, and if the simple linear extrapolation was done, in 1q21
By multiplying the net profit margin, the net profit of 1 q21 should have been about $3.05 billion. At present, the external performance of the company’s q1 lubricant rate is less than expected, owing to the increased competitiveness of the duty-free market’s discount promotion after the start-up of the new operator, the resulting increase in the cost-contribution rate and the lower net profit margin ring, which we believe might not be appropriate.
The net profit ratio of 1q21 to 4q20 is also difficult to show the difference in presentation, which is partly offset by the impact of the increase in the Māori ratio of 1q20 discount ring to 4q20, due mainly to the fallback of rents at Shanghai airport and the exclusion of the matter from the range of 3q20, 4q20, and 1q21 net profit margin.
Factors. Moreover, because the rental negotiations with the capital airport and White Cloud Airport have not yet progressed, the quarterly statements are less than expected, but at the corporate level, as well as at the level of competition in the market, we believe that the fundamentals of the company are still on a healthy and reasonable track.
The price war has no real impact on profit margins, but only on short-term disturbances, and we believe that there are two factors in the relatively high incidence of discount promotion activities in the 1q21 duty-free off-island market: (1) short-term diversion measures for new operators: (2) repeated January-February outbreaks + in-situ policies, which also require marketing activities to activate the market in the medium to long term.
See, branders still have reservations about large discounts that are sustained over a long period of time, so we believe that the long-term sustainability of price wars reaffirms the continued release of the tax-free industrial policy dividend, that the company will continue to be the biggest beneficiary of the industry ' s growth dividend, depending on its leading size and supply chain advantages, and on the quality of its supply of goods and services, and that after the short-term market negative sentiment and the release of the stimulus factor, the public will continue to be the biggest beneficiary of the industry ' s growth dividend.
The ratio is 43.34 times similar to the historical average. The “recommended” rating is maintained. 2. China’s mid-point (601888), 2020 performance report, has worsened the new crown epidemic; the airport rental negotiations have progressed less than expected; and tax-exempt policies and sales have progressed less than expected.
Review: Policy + rent relief drives higher profits. Long border is expected to open further.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels and is based on the author’s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free of any third party’s approval or influence.