On 25 June, the company announced to Hong Kong, China, that it had submitted an application for listing, and that it had issued a request for funding. This visit helped to consolidate the domestic market share, expand the external market, and raise the international profile.
Global retail tourism leaders have great potential in the domestic market. Companies announce that they own 194 tax-free shops, with 92.3% of the domestic market in 2020, leading the Chinese tax-free industry for the fourth year in a row.
22.6% of the market share of the retail tourism sector rises to the top of the global retail tourism stock and has become the world’s largest retail tourism operator. Frost Sullivan expects China’s retail tourism market to grow to 154 billion yuan in 2022 and 270 billion yuan in 2025, with an average annual compound growth rate of 21.6% and a global share.
The company is the only retail operator in China that covers all duty-free canals and has the only free logistics delivery system that covers the entire country.
In response to the impact of the epidemic, companies operate online, actively explore new models of tourism retailing and implement them quickly, and co-ordinated offline development in 2021.
The deployment of the centralized crm system was completed in February, successfully bringing together multiple member systems, with 13.5 million registered members, with an average annual compound growth rate of 547.7 per cent between 2018 and 2020, and continued door expansion and the expansion of internal and external channels.
The company plans to take advantage of the development opportunities of Hong Kong, Australia, and take advantage of the "One Way" strategy and circumstances.
Tourist destinations of foreigners, active development of overseas markets, and international competitiveness, using market prices as a criterion on 28 June 2021 as an advantage”: 20210423.
“China Free: Investing in the Sanya Free Shop, perfecting the companion market, increasing competition, advancing the project, and falling short of expectations.” “China Free: Reverse growth in performance under the epidemic, Protecting the City”
• Leisure services: tourism complex