Quarterly review of 2020 & 2021: Continuous benefits Tax exemption from the island, proposed to Hong Kong for a prospective growth space, Research Assistant Jin Yung
The Division achieved 52,597 million yuan, an increase of 8.2 per cent over the 2019 retroactive adjustment and a net profit of $6,140 million (+32.6 per cent). Of that amount, q4 received $17,458 million (+41 per cent) and the ring ratio + 10.3 per cent; this was achieved as a result of a one-time recovery of rent from Shanghai Airport.
In the event of a new coronary epidemic, the tax-exempt approach, the company quickly changed its business strategy and expanded it through the General Assembly.
At the same time, the second half of the year continued to benefit from the Hainan Free New Deal, which led to the rapid growth of the Hainan Free Trade. By region, the company took full advantage of the policy opportunities offered by the Hainan Free New Deal, 2020.
The Sanya Bay Rivermin Island was officially operated, forming an efficient connection with the Sanya International Free City; the contract for the concession of a tax-free store at the Melanes Airport at Haiguchi was concluded; the tax-free shop at the San Phoenix Airport at the end of the year was opened; three additional duty-free excursion shops were added; and 51 per cent of the sea was successfully acquired.
1. China ' s " China Free" (601888): Deep Farming has improved the layout of the duty-free business off Hainan Island.
Programme to optimize shopping processes, such as “quick purchasing”, increased area of operations, additional lift windows, etc., increased profitability 2021-02-02 up to consumption experience, resulting in the 2020 Hainan region (mainly tax-free stores and sea-free companies in Sanya City)
2. China ' s Middle-Zone (601888): Contributions from the Outer Islands realized 29,962 million yuan (+122.54 per cent).
The airport duty-free industry, which is subject to a sharp drop in the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers as a result of the epidemic, has enabled the Shanghai region to continue to collect $13.73 billion in 2020 (mainly on a daily basis) by actively exploring and looking forward to the traditional q4 South China season.
The same year was only 9.37 per cent lower than the drop in the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers; because, in the third year, China was eliminated (601888): on-line.
In Beijing, we are expected to collect about 3.202 million dollars per day in China.
Regional tax-free shops are actively exploring innovations such as online and cross-border operations. In 2020, the Macao Airport, Hong Kong Airport, Hong Kong City, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong.
As a result of the epidemic, companies have increased their sales promotion discounts for their operations; (2) changes in business structures, with relatively high rates of Māori tax-exempt operations having fallen significantly as a result of the influx of ice points, while tax operations have increased from 2.42 per cent to 37.85 per cent, resulting in a decline in Māori rates.
The cost of selling the new lease agreement at Shanghai Airport was significantly reduced. In 2020, the cost of selling the company was 16.8%, a decrease of 15.1%, mainly due to a new rental agreement at Shanghai Airport, which resulted in a significant reduction in the rental rate of 14.54pt. The company and Shanghai Airport signed a tax-exempt shop at Shanghai Pudong International Airport in late January 2021.
The supplementary agreement to the contract for the transfer of the right of operation of the project, with tax-free rent revenue of 1,156 million yuan at Pudong Airport in 2020, represents a decrease of 3,302 million yuan from the base rent agreed in the original agreement. We issued China ' s report " China Free (601888) " , dated 2 February 2021: Deep Farming Drives Out of the Island to Optimize the Profit " .
The agreement was interpreted and measured in detail, and it is expected that by 2025 the company's rent at Shanghai Airport would be significantly lower than the original agreement, thus achieving a lower cost of sales. On the other hand, as a result of the decline in border duty-free operations, such as the airport, there is a backlog of stocks of products such as cigarettes, and the company accounts for inventory throughout the year.
The fall price was set at RMB 909 million, which represents a significant increase in the impairment of assets of $397 million in 2019, and in profit performance, which continued to benefit from tax exemption from the island, resulting in a loss of 21q1. The 21q1 company achieved revenues of RMB 18,134 million (+127.48 per cent), representing an increase of 32.4 per cent over the 19q1 level. The net return to the mother was RMB 2,849 million, compared to RMB 22 million in the same period in 2020.
With a surplus of 23.5% over 19q1, performance is still excellent, and we expect to be driven mainly by the continuation of tax exemptions from Hainan Island. With respect to Māori, the Māori ratio is 21q1 based on the financial performance of 21q1, and we expect that the new rental agreements at Capital Airport and Guangzhou Airport are still being negotiated.
The decision is not reflected in the statement; at the same time, the income tax rate is expected to remain at 25 per cent, and at 15 per cent of the preferential rate is still subject to the policy rules.                                                          .
We believe that listing in Hong Kong will further enrich corporate financing and strengthen capital; and that it will enhance the company’s international profile and visibility, build international brand awareness, and provide a solid basis for deeper participation in international duty-free markets. According to the company’s annual report, companies will actively explore outreach.
We believe that going to Hong Kong would be an important step in a company’s outreach strategy to achieve integrated operations, improve overall operational efficiency, and tap the dynamics of endogenous growth.
At the same time, we are promoting growth and growth.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: considering the current state of duty-free access to the island, we have revised the 21-year advance forecast to 74.1 billion yuan and the net return to the mother forecast to 10.3 billion yuan.
A long-term firm view of the increase in duty-free space under the Consumption Refluences Melody, free from the advantage of scale and pre-emptive advantage, the positive layout of multi-level + multi-channel tax-exempt systems, the construction of a long-term competitive advantage, a strong leader, the enjoyment of policy dividends, the prospect of corporate development, and the maintenance of a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board