The two-wheel drive below the line continues to strengthen synergies The yuan is attributable to the mother's net profit of $6.140 billion, an increase of 8.20 per cent (after retroactive adjustment) and 32.57 per cent (after retroactive adjustment) in the same year. The 21q1 company achieved revenues of $18.134 million and the mother's net profit of $2,849 million.
Focus on duty-free and dynamic. In 2020, corporate merchandise trade generated $5.2068 billion, representing 99 per cent of the income, of which $32.361 billion was tax-free, $19.708 billion was tax-free, representing 61.53 per cent and 37.41 per cent of the income.
The company plans to speed up the construction of the online integration platform, explore new retail duty-free services, and the combination of the online and offline is expected to expand its revenue collection. Tax exemption from the island is high, and the business landscape is recovering.
The tax-exempt performance of Sanya stores, the net profit from the return of mothers, and the increase in tax-exempt performance in the Hainan region was resonanced by such factors as tax-exempt New Deal, mail delivery, off-island repurchases, and the expansion of the city’s size. As the global epidemic became under control, the company was tax-free from the island.
According to the World Brand Laboratories, the company had a brand value of $83,659 million in 2020, ranked first in China’s tourism services industry, and was in the world’s superb.
In addition, corporate supply chain systems are complete, logistics efficiency is high, and they are formed.
Broader access to finance and international branding. The company’s announcement that the board of directors has approved the release of h shares on Hong Kong’s market is expected to widen the access to finance, and it is expected that the international brand will be enhanced through the landing port unit.
According to Dfni and Moody, in 2020, companies became the world’s top providers of tax-free sales, and in the future they will be promoted by the internationalization of their branding of “one-way” and priority offshore regional projects.
Introduction of high-end brands 202,10322, head of the insurance industry 202,1011 " China Free: 6 new duty-free shops by Spring Festival, free from the island "
Increased competition in the market, less advanced projects and less-than-expected policies.
Recreational services: tourism complex