The basics are solid, and the intention to go to Hong Kong highlights the status of the world's leader, China's 20-year-old report and the 21-year-old review report.
The company released its 20-year annual report on 21 April and its 21-year quarterly report, achieving business income of RMB 52,597 million per year in 2020 + 8 per cent, and a net return to the mother of RMB 6,140 million per year + 33 per cent. The income of RMB 18.1 billion per year + 137 per cent in the first quarter of 2021, resulting in a net return to the mother of RMB 2.85 billion.
New policies + new retail innovations drive revenue collection, reversible profit growth, benefit from the liberalization of off-island tax-free policies in 2020, and companies are actively responding to new retail models of innovation in the epidemic, and corporate revenue and profits are rising in reverse. From all sources, they benefit from the off-island tax-free New Deal, the company Hainan Channel.
Some $30 billion was realized, including $21.3 billion per year in Sanya Bay and +103 per cent in Sanya Bay, and $2.97 billion per year in the mother's share +108 per cent; the sea was exempted from the annual income of approximately $9.9 billion and only for the second quarter, and $660 million in the mother's net profit. Shanghai was paid off on the line for blowouts, and airport rents were recovered, resulting in $13.7 billion in the mother's share, and $1.25 billion in the mother's share.
The promotion discount doesn't have any real impact, compared to the depth of 300, with a slight decline in the 1q21 Māori ring.
In the previous report, we found that the perception of the ex-island tax-exempt market discount promotion activities, influenced by the performance of the previous quarterly report, was less appropriate, as a result of the return of the airport’s rent, which was the main credit for the high overall net profit rate of 4q20. According to the company’s official 21-year-old newspaper, the company’s revenues were rounded up to 4 q4 in the context of a recurrent quarterly outbreak.
The increase recorded at the same time that the Māori rate of 1q21 was 39.1% less than 4q20 is 0.8 pct, which is still higher than 38.9% of 3q20, thus indicating that the marketing discount activity in the quarter has had little impact on Māori rates, which we believe is due mainly to the effects of scale and the company’s fine operation in promoting discount varieties. We believe that 1021 is off the island.
In the medium and long term, branders still have reservations about large and long-term discounts, and we believe that price wars are not sustainable in the long run.
\triangleright benefited from a change in a Shanghai airport lease contract with only $1.77 billion per annum-46 per cent for company sales of 1q21
We expect to be constrained by the current restrictions on international travel, as well as by the gradual arrival of other airport-based rent negotiations, and the possibility of a reduction in the company’s annual sales cost. In addition, the company’s announcement is that it is planning to go to Hong Kong and I. China’s Central Free (601888): sales from the island continue to trend.
This is seen to be part of the effort to raise corporate awareness in global capital markets, to attract long-term strategic investment institutions, and part of the drive to raise and promote discounts without any meaningful impact, as well as to take advantage of Hong Kong ' s listing platform to implement an outreach development strategy in its corporate business strategy.
2. To invest in the expansion of the Sanya tax-free city. To reaffirm that the company will continue to be the largest beneficiary of industry growth on the basis of its leading size and supply chain advantages and quality of property supply, considering that the company will open new properties in the off-island duty-free market in 2022-2023, as well as traditional ports such as the airport in 2023
The new crown epidemic has worsened; airport rental consultations have progressed less than expected; tax-exempt policies and sales have progressed less than expected; company financial statement data projections are summarized; and airlines are engaged in equity investment.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.