China Central Free (60188.sh): Policy dividend for tax-exempting off-islands, consumption return-driven negative performance growth Industry classification: social services
In 2020, the company achieved a revenue of 52.597 billion yuan, an increase of 8.20 per cent in the same year; a net profit of 6,140 million yuan, an increase of 32.57 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of 5,967 million yuan, an increase of 55.83 per cent in the same year. In 2021, an operating income of 1,813.4 million yuan, an increase of 127.48 per cent in the same year.
Thanks to the implementation of the New Deal, which is duty-free from the island, the Hainan tourism economy is recovering strongly, driving the growth of corporate revenue. In 2020, the company’s revenue in the Hainan region was $29,962 million, a year-on-year increase of 122.54 per cent. The company seized the opportunity to plough out of the tax-free market and opened up the Sanya Bay Rivermin Island project.
In addition, due to the impact of the overseas epidemic, the return of inland consumption such as luxury packages, wristwatches and precious jewellery, and the continuation of the market for luxury goods in the Mainland of China in 2020.
In the past year, the company index and the trend of 300 depths have hit tax-free product distribution channels under the epidemic, with tax-based sales aid companies increasing their performance. As a result of the epidemic, tax-free operations in 2020 received $32,361 million, compared to the same amount.
30.31% drop; companies are actively expanding their sales of taxed products, the sales of taxed goods are on the line, the sales share is on the increase and the sales of tax-free goods are on the increase, leading to a decrease in the Māori ratio of corporate ownership over the same period last year by 11.01%.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: companies have a long-term deep-deep duty-free market, leading advantage in branding, supplier financing, business management, and marketing. As the epidemic improves, airports are free of charge.
Tax channels are expected to recover gradually; the beneficial policies associated with the construction of the Hainan Trade Zone and the high demand for luxury goods from the country provide opportunities for the company to develop, and it is expected that with the surge in demand for compensatory vacations, such as the 5-day midday vacation, summer vacations, etc. in 2021, exemption from taxes from the island will continue to boost the company.
The company’s tax-free layout continues to improve, with the number of successful exit duty-free projects and the total area of the winning bid ranked first; the location of shops in priority cities and overseas projects in priority countries along the “one-way” route continues to be promoted; and the Hong Kong and Australia region is actively exploring innovations such as online and cross-border operations.
Capital Building Central Shipping Securities Co. Ltd.