The performance of q1 in 2021 was largely in line with the expected exemption from the island: the company issued its first quarter performance report in 2021, which was largely in line with our expectations. 2021q1 billion dollars; net profit return to the mother was $2.85 billion, an increase of $2.87 billion over the same period last year, reversing the loss by profit (20q1:1 billion).
Cao Xuant - 200 million yuan, 19q1:23.1 million yuan; net profit from non-repatriation of 2.83 billion yuan, an increase of 2.95 billion yuan (20q1-120 million yuan and 1.959 billion yuan) over the same period last year.
The profitability of the 21q1 company is still high, but its performance is slightly lower than previously expected in the market, and we expect that the capital and Guangzhou airport will remain at the full floor rent, mainly as a result of tax-free sales off the island, while the South China tax concession policy has not yet been implemented (25 per cent for corporate income tax and 15 per cent under the preferential policy).
Tax-exempt operations on the island remained the company ' s main source of profits: on 6 April of that year, duty-free sales on the island stood at $34.7 billion, an increase of 244 per cent over the same period. From January, February, and 1 March to 6 April 2021, duty-free sales on the island stood at $37.8/45.463.9 billion.
(b) The lower part of the airport line, with the capital (including the Great Hing) and the Guangzhou airport rent remaining at the full cost of the original contract base rent, with the capital airport (including the Great Happiness) rent of 21q1 at approximately $750 million, with an estimated loss of about $230 million;
State airport rent of 21q1 is estimated at 270 million yuan, with a projected loss of about 100 million yuan; Shanghai airport rent is projected to be 200 to 300 million yuan, with a projected loss of about 50 million yuan, in accordance with the supplementary agreement.
The rent for the capital airport is expected to be reduced in the future, and the full base rent that has already been raised is expected to recover.
Hainan has continued to combat the smuggling of tax-exempt “stand-by” purchases. Since July 2020, more than 8,000 individuals involved in the tax-exempt “stand-by” offence in Hainan Island have been restricted by law from benefiting from the off-island policy for a period of three years.
According to Xinhua, from mid-May, residents of the Mainland will be exempted from 14 days of isolation under the “come to Hong Kong” scheme, but return from Hong Kong to mainland China will still be separated.
With the beginning of vaccinations in various countries, and the global trend towards new coronary pneumonia, cross-border travel is expected to start in the second half of the year, but full recovery will take some time. By catching this window, companies can continue to supply commodity prices, brands, and sku abundance.
Investment advice: short-term swings and swings in company stock prices due to market style disturbances, but the company’s medium- and long-term logic remains unchanged, while tax-free markets remain super-high. Recently, the Henan provincial secretary has again been at the meeting.
This year, sales are expected to reach over $60 billion. In the future, the Hainan Island exemption will show an orderly competition for joint cakes, while the company will continue to expand its tax-free area to provide more supplies, while it will also continue to expand its advantages by increasing its bargaining and negotiating capacity with upstream firms, reducing procurement costs and introducing more brands.
Future corporate leader size effects, supply chain effects, and management operations are even more prominent, and will benefit first and foremost in the incremental market. If the 15% business income tax discount in Hainan Province and the Beijing airport rents are not and are not considered in 21 years, the future will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.