q1 or subject to the effects of the end-of-year, year-round and long-term growth cycle in China: company ' s first quarterly performance report in 2021, yielding operating income of $18,134 million, compared to the previous year
In China, where duty-free retailing is currently the best in the country, activities are dominated by the sale of duty-free goods, mainly tobacco, alcohol, perfume, or a slightly lower rate of increase in the year-on-year harvest of q1 camps, which is expected to accelerate in the future with the help of holidays.
The company achieved $18,134 million in 21 years, an increase of 127.48 per cent over the same base, but the holiday effect was not fully released as a result of the annual policy initiative in situ, which was supposed to be Hainan tourism.
The q1 ring ratio in the season was slightly lower, at 3.7 per cent, and the average number of daily free shopping out of the island during the 21st Spring Festival was 164,000, down from 184,000 during the 20th National Day, resulting in an in situ annualization policy of 52 weeks of stock prices.
The reduction in the volume, but the significant increase in the unit price from $7084.5 on the National Day to $867 on the Spring Day indicates that the demand for duty-free consumption is high and that it will grow in the future if the passenger flow is opened. We believe that as the epidemic is effectively controlled, and as the holidays of clarity, 51, midday, summer and so forth continue to arrive, compensation will be provided.
Total equity/flowa units (millions) 10,000, an increase of 160.6 per cent over the same period.
The company achieved operating profits of $4,458 million in 21 years, with a loss of $318 million (retroactively) and a decline of 18.5 per cent in the quarterly ring ratio over the same period last year; and a net return to the mother of $2,849 million.
The company’s rent to Shanghai Airport was fully charged for sales in the first three quarters of 2020 on the basis of the base rent, while the new supplementary agreement reduced the rent to $1,156 million for the entire year of 2020, about $3 billion less than the planned base rent of $4.158 billion.
This portion of the cutback results in a good profit performance in the 2020q4 quarter, while 2021q1 normally continues the new rental agreement without any impact and therefore the ring comparison data is less referencing. If the impact of rent relief is equalized to the full year, 21q1 has a business profit rate of 24.6 per cent, up from 18.4 per cent in 20 years.
In terms of available data, overall profitability has risen steadily. Tax exemption from the island in the context of internal and external double circulation and consumer return is expected to continue to be released, and industry competition has increased but strong Research Assistant Wei Woo-Ming
On 6 June, the Customs Service supervised a total of 34.7 billion yuan worth of duty-free shopping off the island, an increase of 244 per cent in the same year, and a purchase package of 148001,0031,432.6 million items, an increase of 215 per cent in the same year.
At the same time, the opening effect of new models such as “mail service” and “back-to-island delivery” is beginning to be evident, with 400 million dollars in duty-free deliveries, 530,000 items and 100,000 hits from 3 February to 6 April, and their pull-in effect on duty-free consumption will continue to be released. At the same time, new participants will join the band.
With the release of market dynamism, the overall size of the duty-free off-island is expected to continue to expand. Increased competition in the industry places higher demands on the supply chain and operational capacity of tax-exempt operators.
Profit projection: Considering that detailed financial data from a quarterly report have not yet been disclosed, we maintain the corporate performance forecast, the source of financial wisdom in the East, China (601888), q1 or subject to the annual in situ impact, year-round and long-term growth over time.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
China ' s middle-level exemption (601888): q1 or subject to in-situ over-the-year effects, full-year and long-term growth in Hong Kong ' s share of consumption and strategic research experience, is currently engaged in research in the social services sector, with emphasis on education training, human resources services, catering hotels, travel study assistants ' profiles
Wei Woo-meng, cosmetics, etc. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.