Quick report on performance: q1 has a large market space for sound duty-free performance: companies issued a fast report on performance for 2021q1 and companies achieved operating income during the reporting period
In the context of the New Deal, which is duty-free from the island and its low base for the same period last year, the revenue and net profits of 2021q1 have continued to grow significantly.20 The significant decline in middle and middle performance, which was affected by the epidemic in 2001, does not have the policy effect of promoting in situ ageing.
14.5 billion dollars, or 3.3 billion dollars per day. On the profit side, affected by factors such as fragrance promotion, China’s net interest rate on its operations (including wholesale plus return) is around 20%, and China’s net daily profit on direct mail is around 10%.
Hainan's operations contribute to the main performance, and the competitive advantage cannot be wavered. The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) has not yet been liberalized as a result of the epidemic, and exemption from the island is an important channel for the domestic consumption of luxury goods, with the domestic epidemic zero in March.
A rapid rebound in sales after 12 months of maximum/minimum (megagrams) shows a great potential for consumption. From q1 tracking data, the share of cities in Hainan is still over 90%, depending on the strength of the supply chain, channels, membership, etc. accumulated over the years.
China Central Free Performance Express (601888), which is not to be overtaken in the short term. With Seaton International Free City and Seagate Bay, a second edition of the Supplemental Review of the Shanghai Airport Tax Free Shop,
The core advantages are expected to be further consolidated by the completion of the construction, with increased competition for fragrance, which in the future will be reflected more in the field of fine goods. After the elixir, the Hainan exemption opened a new round of fragrance promotions, and the discounts on popular monoliths were set in motion.
Since the start of the new duty-free shop on the island at the beginning of last year’s year, as operators’ supply channels became more accessible, the configuration of the perfumed category became more homogenous. The competitive advantage of the future exemption will be more evident in the variety of fine products, especially in the abundance of high-end luxury brands, where jewellery, wristwatch, etc., are expected to grow.
The revenue share of the package, the fine suit, will increase further, and the ratio of the perfumed income will decline. Investment proposal: q1 capital airport is expected to remain at the original level, future negotiating ground will still be on track, and corporate income tax will remain at 25%.
Tax sales are expected to reach over 60 billion and continue to take stock of the development of tax-exempt industries in the country.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.