Q1 performance picks up at a sustained rate of internal drive, El ophthalmology (300015) 2024 and one quarter 2025: the company published 2024 and one quarter 2025. In 2024, the company achieved total operating income.
In the first quarter of 2025, the company achieved gross operating income of $6.026 billion, an increase of 15.97 per cent, and a net return of $1.05 billion, an increase of 16.71 per cent. In the first quarter of 2025, performance picked up somewhat.
Inadequate demand, corporate focus on core business development, accelerated digital empowerment, strengthened learning content, upgraded medical capacity and quality, optimized service processes and standards, increased human talent and team-building, and promoted high-quality corporate development.
In the first quarter of 2025, performance picked up at a rapid rate, with revenue rising in most parts of the country. In 2024, the company collected $5,292 million, $1,754 million and 27.25 million in China, North East, South West, East China, North China, South China and the North West, respectively.
The demand for ophthalmology services in our country has great potential to grow. In the future, the ageing of our population will lead to an increase in the number of older and more relevant eye patients, an increasing number of young people's eye health and a much higher rate of near-sightedness than the world average, a significant increase in the intensity of eye use as a result of cellularization across the country, technological advances and residents.
The demand for high-quality visual services has also been boosted by the increased awareness of eye health, with multiple levels of eye health emerging. At present, the penetration rate of ophthalmological specialist consultations in our country is low, there are a large number of incurable cases, and many are at a low level of satisfaction.
Continued energy, increased awareness of eye health, and improved treatment rates are expected. Investment proposals: As the world’s largest ophthalmological chain of medical institutions, companies continue to integrate globally.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.