\triangleright (yoy+16.71%) \triangleright \triangleright (Yoy+16.71%) with a profit of $1.060 billion (yoy+25.78%) not attributable to the mother.
(b) The rate of increase in net profit from non-repatriation is more reflective of the company's autonomous performance. \triangleright
Le Yeon-hee, the company's draughter unit price increase is expected to boost the fragmentation of the plate, and the pre-cataract high base is expected to lead to an upswing. In 2024, the company was exposed to external environmental and cataract crystals, among other things.
Impact, corporate kurning, and cataract surgery are slowing down. The company introduced full-light, full-fly second, 4.0 upgrades in 2024. So far, the new formula has been rolled out according to plan, acceptance has been verified, the average passenger cost of surgery has been steadily rising; in 2025, El ophthalmology has been rolled out full-fly second pro and is expected to do so.
The introduction of iclv5 crystals, etc., to further meet multiple levels of demand, with the expectation that the corporate +n's model will lead to branding, and that the ophthalmologist head barrier will continue to deepen - 2024/10/24
In addition, in the case of cataracts, the successful results of the artificial crystal collection were implemented in the provinces between May and June 2024, and the company ' s pre-manostatic high base effect is expected to be absorbed gradually starting in May this year, followed by our expectation that the rate of growth in cataract operations is expected to return to normal levels.
Cost-cutting expenditure, year-round sustainability. Investment proposal: companies as ophthalmological leaders, as brand power increases, business resilience \triangleright \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.