The net profit for the four quarters alone increased by 34 per cent over the same period, and the volume price for the lamp was double. The net profit for the parent was $430 million, an increase of 34 per cent over the same period.
2024q4, coupled with the continued growth of stock clients and the build-up of new downstream vehicle-type projects (Quest/Hover/Wide/Technology/Krypton, etc.), corporate collections outperformed the car-car industry by 22.51 pct (car production, pains, complete restructuring of clients in 2024 (mainly from joint-venture clients such as the German solar system) - self-employed
Main brands and new energy customers are predominantly) into a new growth cycle. 135 million dollars is charged to the cost of the sale, q4 is 21% after the cost of the sale has been reduced. The front lamp continues to be upgraded from led-adb-dlp, with the average price of the lamp product rising.
There's room for product upgrades, with industry prices rising on an annual basis. 903/1770/3458/36/51 million lights, small lights, triangulation signs, controller sales, respectively, 2024 years ago.
In the first half of the year, the company undertook a total of 69 new vehicle-type research and development projects, resulting in the production of 40 vehicle-type projects.
On the product side, Starwoo shares (601799.sh) – a 25% increase in quarterly receipts, new orders, new orders,
The company's continuous succession of smart headlamps based on microled and related control technologies, based on " Star stock (601799.sh) - Average price of carlight products uplifted, globalized layout advanced " miniled, uned and related control technologies ' pixel-based interactive lamps, based on innovative materials and light
The development of smart digital grids for source technology, the control of lamps hcm/rcm/lcu and the self-closing of sensor lights.
Investment recommendations: A slight downward adjustment of profit forecasts to maintain a higher rating than the big market. Taking into account the volume of new vehicle-type items sold by downstream customers of the company (Quest/Hover/Wide/Technology/Kryston, etc.), the company has a record high and the collection schedule now exceeds 22.51 pct in the passenger car industry (by the same rate of productivity growth as in the passenger vehicle +11.22%).
After the shock of client transition from 2021 to 2023, a complete restructuring of the client structure was achieved in 2024 (with joint ventures such as the German solar system dominated by major-owned brands and new energy customers) into a new growth cycle.
The decline in the divisional Māori rate was mainly due to adjustments in accounting standards (post-sale premium cost of $135 million is recorded from sales costs in figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate of Starry shares in figure 6: Māori rate and net interest rate of Starry shares in single quarter)
Figure 7: Changes in the cost of the four S.A. shares, Figure 8: Changes in the cost of the four S.I.S. shares in the quarter, Overall, 2024q4, growth in stock sales, accumulation of new force multipliers, increase in corporate revenue
In 2024, the growth rate was 29.32% for the Starbucks, 3.7% for the cars, 25.6% for the companies, 33.73% for the 2024q4 Starbucks, 11.22% for the cars, and 22.51% for the cars.
Microdata, 2024q4, Chirre production, question world production, one-voltage mass (including Audi), one-air Toyota production, one-voltage red flag production, ideal yield, arbium delivery, East Wind daily production, and a wide-blown Toyota production, respectively, figure 9: Annual comparison of annual increases in motor/car vehicle production and the rate of growth in the Starwood stock camp.
At the end of the industry, the technology trend is towards electronicization and intellectualization. For front lights, with the spread of front lights, the front lights have evolved towards adb, hd-adb, and dlp.
The lights have improved driving safety and improved the safety and experience of drivers and road traffic participants significantly; the dlp project prelights provide drivers and road traffic participants with a wealth of more intelligent experiences and scenes; and, with regard to back-to-back combinations of lamps, there is a clear trend from separate back-to-back combination lamps to cross-cutting back-to-back combination lamps, with dynamic numbers.
The taillights include, but are not limited to, cross-cutting and display features, which, in addition to the beauty model, have been significantly optimized in terms of road safety early warning and information exchange. With regard to small lamps, in view of the individualized needs of consumers, the indoor atmosphere lights have sprung up and become a new growth point. At the same time, new products have become more focused on the internal and external car-light system.
Intelligent, emotional communication and the creation of a more humane and emotional atmosphere, both inside and outside the vehicle, conducive to the reconciliation of the mental state of drivers and passengers and to the enhancement of traffic participants ' sense of experience.
Figure 12: Vehicle front-light technology upgrade route Company end, product dimension enhancement new technology development application, customer dimensions continuously increase new energy vehicle project start-up Product dimensions, companies enhance new technology development and applications, and synergize through industrial chains (Rise soft horizon,
On the one hand, in recent years, the company has stepped up the development and application of new technology for carlights and introduced new products such as light controllers, “one berthing” solutions. The company has enhanced the development and application of new technologies, including but not limited to: 1) the continued iterative base of smart headlamps in microlled and related control technologies; 2) based on miniled, und and related controls.
Pixel display interactive lamps for technology; 3) development of smart digital grids based on innovative materials and light-source technologies; 4) development of lamp controllers hcm/rcm/lcu and perceptive vehicle lighting self-closing loop systems; 5) use of headlights for beauty and intelligent interface.
On the other hand, the share of the Star is expanding the circle of capabilities through industrial chain collaboration (Ion Soft, Horizon, Hua-Dao, Science and Technology in a Distortion, Euromelon Semi-Current, etc.) to open up new automobile electronics.
On February 16, 2022, Changzhou Starlight Co. Ltd. and Hua Tsang Ltd. held a signing ceremony in Dongjun, China, on a letter of intent to cooperate in light-lighted smart-car operations. According to the agreement, the two sides will win and win each other’s advantages by targeting services to global customers, and will cooperate strategically in the area of smart-car lights.
Close strategic partnerships to build sustainable development. The two sides will build smart car lamps from design to manufacturing delivery end-to-end capabilities, lead the development of the smart car light industry, create a sustainable and leading intellectual light system solution competitiveness in industry, and will fully engage in other business collaborations in the area of smart vehicle lighting.
On the afternoon of December 18th, 2024, Starwood and Hwaya T.C. held a signing ceremony for the certified partner of the smart car carrying light, and he joined the smart car solution partnership and became the first successful partner. We believe that the dlp project lamp is both an opportunity and a challenge for the traditional car light industry.
In war, industrial linkages are particularly important in the context of new technological changes in the lights industry, where companies such as Starwoo, in collaboration with upstream chips, soft algorithms, and based on their own advantages such as traditional structural design, optical and electronic design, are expected to continue to occupy the lead in product development and development, widening the gap with other autonomous brands in the country.
In close collaboration with the Chinese Smart car selection model, the future can be followed up. Figure 17: Star Woo shares became China's preferred partner for smart car solutions. 25 September 2023, at the Chinese fall full-time launch, China became the Smart Motor Solutions Board.
The Director-General announced that aito asked the flag ship suv model m9 was on the market in December 2023, and described the supplier's provision of a complete pre- and post-stage light for the m9 independently developed by the company's autonomous multipixadb system, which could be controlled simultaneously with the millions of level dlp modules developed jointly by China.
In 2024, m9 sales increased on a monthly basis, with a cumulative sales volume of 14.12 million in 2024.
On June 1, 2023, a strategic cooperation agreement was formally announced between the Star and Eurometallurgical semiconductors. Under the agreement, the two sides will cooperate extensively in the area of motor intelligence and will work together to provide high-performance, low-cost, high-quality smart lights and autopilot products and solutions for the automobile industry.
Based on the Euromelon semiconductor dragon spring series of chip platforms, the two sides will work together to develop innovative products that meet market demands, such as smart lights and autopilots, to provide more intelligent solutions for the automobile industry.
On October 15, 2021, Changzhou Starlight and Rainbow Soft Technology formally signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Hangzhou. The two sides will be based on rainbow soft technology design and optical sensors in smart visual systems.
Innovative development capabilities for the use, integration of system software and full-store visual algorithms and applications, and full integration and collaboration of the Star Unit in the manufacture of sophisticated optical electronic products, supply chain management, in-depth collaboration around the application of artificial intelligence technology and high-performance smart visual products in the field of automobiles
In addition, the horizon had previously announced the completion of a three-round loan of $350 million to secure strategic support from a large number of car industry firms, including the Star stock, up and down the chain. Figure 23: Rainbow Soft Technology Capacity
Fig. 24: Groundmap, Horizon Series, 15 February 2023, with the signing of a strategic cooperation agreement between Star and Horizon in Changzhou, announcing a core base of “car code chip plus algorithms” based on the accumulation of many years of experience in the field of intelligence manufacturing, with the result that “line”
Beacon is a point of entry, with the objective of operational cooperation to “comply with the rules, produce and deliver”, and strategic partners such as the mainframe plant and the spare parts supplier are working together to advance the volume of the “bread as one” solution.
Officially fixed points have been obtained for a domestic head car company, using only a single drive ~3 with a sensor configuration of 5 r6v to easily achieve a level-I2+ car support, including variable aids; and, through soft and algorithmic optimization, time-to-use recovery of the computational resources, integration parking on the same soc chip, etc.
Parking support function, which fully exploits the potential of a journey 3 through a unique software architecture design to enhance product competitiveness at high value to allow more entry-type end-users to experience the mobility aids.
On May 23, 2023, Star Woo signed the Strategic Cooperation Agreement in Changzhou with Beijing Track Technology Ltd. (Technology and Technology) which will combine the resources and technological advantages of their respective industries with radar and intelligence on board.
Since its inception, technology has been based on the concept of “the best autopilot infrastructure” and continues to grow deep into the field of front-loading long-range and near-blind laser radar technology, which will create high reliability.
High-resolution, low-cost stationary solid-state laser radar as a strategic objective. Currently, one-size-fits-all laser radar products have been commercialized in several autopilot applications.
In 2024, the company took over 69 new vehicle-type R & D projects with multiple clients and achieved 40 vehicle-type projects.
Some projects have generated high-profile attention in the market, demonstrating the combined strength of companies as leading project providers, and the research and development and production of new high-quality projects have provided strong client dimensions for the future development of companies. Companies have continued to scale up new energy vehicle-type projects.
In the first half of 2022, the number of new energy-car projects undertaken by the company was about 40%, and the quality of the new projects provided strong guarantees for the company’s future development. Currently, the company’s clients cover the German public, the single-bumper public, the uppercomer, the Daimler, the Beijing Mercedes, the German BMW, the General Motor, the upper motor, the Japanese.
There are a number of domestic and foreign car-building enterprises, including Bentota, Toyota, Hirotota, Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese citizen, Japanese Chinese, Chili, Chiri, Idea, Ulen, Peng, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, and some of the country's well-known new energy companies.
On July 2, 2024, 2024 Mass Automobile Group Providers' Congress was held in Wolfsburg, Germany, and Starwoo's shares were awarded the highest honour award by the Mass Motors Group, the Volkswagengroup Award. As a partner with the Mass Motors Group, the Starwoo team has been working for 25 years.
The award is a tribute to the high-quality service that Starwoo provides to mass automobile groups, as well as full recognition of the company’s domestic and Serbian factories, and an incentive to accelerate the globalization of its operations and its development, and to further enhance the company’s international competitiveness.
On September 20, 20, 2024, a partnership meeting was held on the theme “Future, up, up, up” at Hoyoshi City, Anhui Province. Star-woo shares were invited to the meeting, and for the second year in a row, 2024 dollars in quality were awarded the Viet Nam Partnership Award (nqpp).
The full-scale quality assessment award, also the highest recognition of partners, is the most heavy-weight award awarded each year to partners. On 14 October 2024, the Global Partnership Assembly of the ideal car was rekindled at the U-Hin Hotel in Changzhou in 2024.
All right, representatives from government and related enterprises at home and abroad come together to talk about development and two-way empowerment.
On 9 January 2025, the Year of Car Business, 2025 Chiri, under the theme “Kiju State, the wise to win the future”, was re-opened in Lake An Queyu, with the share of Star Woo invited to participate, and was awarded the highest award of the Cherie Car's Best Vendor Award.
Figure 29: Starwoo won the Mass Motors Award, Figure 30: Public Worldwide Awarded by only 10 Vendors, Figure 31: Starwoo Winnered the Cherie Motors Award
Figure 32: At present, the company is gradually releasing its capacity in Serbia to host the client globalization project in collaboration with its headquarters.
In addition, companies advanced digital change. In 2024, firms advanced the digital transformation of “Integration of product research and development, supply chain integration, industrial and financial integration, and intelligent manufacturing integration.” In 2024, companies won.
A number of honours, such as "Aaa-class companies for the upgrading of the two integrated management system", "Five Stars of Jiangsu Province" and "The case of digitalized Chinese industrial leaders in 2024", with digital transformations obtained in cars etc.) added down to the number of new, downstream vehicle-type projects (questions, benefits, intellectuals, polar kryptons, etc.), company collection forms, etc.
This is beyond the industry by 21 pct (car output is the same as +12.87%). In the medium and long term, new orders from the stockholdings + new products + new products + new products will protect performance. Client dimensions, currently in the hands of new forces (America, Peng, Ideas, Cyrus, a world-renowned new energy company, etc.) and head-owned brand customers (Gili).
Business systems and acquisition of projects. In 2024, the company took over 69 new vehicle-type research and development projects from multiple clients, resulting in 40 vehicle-type project batches, and high-quality new projects provided strong security for the future development of the company; production dimensions, with the company ' s Serbian stellar capacity being released gradually, in coordination with headquarters, with clients globally
The project provides a good basis for companies to expand their overseas markets. The company is registered to create the Mexican Stars and American Stars to further improve the overseas layout; the product dimension, the adb continues to penetrate, and as new technologies, such as dlp slides and adb lights, are entering the market, the Stars are strengthening the development and application of new technologies, including, but not limited to: sustainability
Eternal smart front-lights based on microled and related control technologies, pixel-based interactive lamps based on miniled, uned and related control technologies, development of smart digital grids based on innovative materials and light-source technologies, development of lamp controllers hcm/rcm/lcu and sensing vehicle light self-closed loop systems, headlight aesthetics and intelligence
On February 15, 2023, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed between Starwoo and Horizon in Changzhou to promote the volume of production of the "Mobble as One Solution" and a "Mobble as One" solution based on the Horizon 3 car code chip has been formalized by a head car company in the country.
Looking ahead to 2025, the company is expected to achieve a performance resonance from the release of new products, such as car-type orders + overseas plants +adb, dlp, and the "Mobble as One" solution. The investment proposal is a slight downscaling of profit forecasts to maintain a better rating than the big market.
On long-duration lights track, 1) corporate products are intelligent, in the case of lamp products, in the case of star stock layouts, new technology for mainstream lights, such as adb, dlp, starlights, gridlights, etc., progress in research and development and basic synchronization of global headlights; in the case of motor power sub-products, in the case of sung-woo shares enhances the development and application of light controllers and collaborates through the industrial chain (the horizon,
(b) The company's clients are new energy sources, domestic markets, and Xing Woo's shares are active in developing new power energy customers, and the share of new energy customers continues to rise; and 3) The company's clients are globalized: the Serbian factory is the first car-lighting capacity to be expanded overseas by Sung-woo, and at present the star-woo's share front lamp is in the domestic market.
The rate is estimated at 15 per cent, and the global market is estimated at 3 to 4 per cent, with the expansion of the global clients of the Star-woo, the follow-up to the global development space of the Star-woo. Comparable company valuation: we choose Burtley, with the same logic of import substitution, Boda, and Tupou Group, with the same core of the chain of the car-light industry, to conduct a comparable corporate valuation (comparable company market value level or industry).
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.