The pta supply and demand continue to improve their performance steadily, waiting for petrochemicals to be produced, and the glory of petrochemicals.
The company ' s annual report for 2018 was officially disclosed on 18 August. During the reporting period, the company achieved business income of $36,692 million, an increase of 4.23 per cent over the same period of the previous year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $1,114 million, an increase of 1.03 per cent over the same period of the previous year; and the net loss attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
The pta industry, after experiencing a peak of productive capacity and excess capacity in 2013-2014, has been able to grow at a low and orderly rate since 2015. With the shutdown, phase-out, and gradual liquidation of the industry’s pre-existing backward capacity, the output performance of the industry on the supply side has been more pronounced.
In the first half of 18 years, the company achieved a total of 15.22 billion yuan, or 82.4 per cent of its annual revenues in 17 years, as a result of the recovery in industry.
In the second half of the year, pta futures and spot prices have risen significantly, and it is expected that the company’s pta operation will be more stable in the second half of the year and that px will have a strong profitability. The crude oil price surged in the first half of the 18th year, providing good support for px prices.
The price of px has been rising and the price differential has gradually increased. After entering July, the price of px is more than the price of crude oil, and the processing price is now more than $500. Gold petrochemical production in the company’s subsidiaries was smooth and fully beneficial during the reporting period.
Half-yearly, it rose by 2.13 percentage points, or 15.01%, over 17 years. Downstream demand in the second half of the year is still hot, and px profits will be sustained with a high start rate in the second half of the year. The px project is expected to be more than $17 billion a year, a steady increase over last year.
The project, which is currently well under way, is expected to yield 20 million tons of capacity between the end of 2018 and 2019. According to our projections, the refining of the integration project at the current oil price level will benefit fully, with a full postnatal net profit of over $15 billion a year, contributing nearly $7.5 billion in net profits to the company.
As a result of the efforts of the various parties, the company offered shares at a premium of $10.58 per share, and the funds raised were the source of the financial boom in the East. The company as a whole grew well, operating and profiting steadily during the reporting period. The company's aromatic plates were very effective, and the pta plates went downstream.
The company’s work is now focused on petrochemicals, waiting for the successful launch of petrochemicals, when the company’s performance will be substantial, downstream demand will fall short of expectations, project output will fall short of expectations, and crude oil prices will fluctuate significantly.
Liu Woo-joo, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Finance Engineering + Law, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, cfa.
Master of Science in Industrial Catalytic and Response Engineering, University of Qinghua, Zhang Minghua, 2 years of experience in chemical industries, research assistant in basic chemical industries, October 2015
Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Cinghua, Doctor of Chemical Engineering, cfa holder, three years of experience in chemical engineering. Many international leading academic journals, with 5 national and international patents, and more than 10 papers from leading international academic journals, have been cited almost 1,000 times.
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, LL.M. in Chemical Engineering, Talsa University, United States of America, four years of experience in chemical engineering overseas, joined Dong-heung's view of research in May 2018. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies