Three-quarterly review of q3's business income of 20.702 billion, published in the three-quarters of 2025.
The consumer electronics base plate is solid, and the new product cycle of large clients is increasing. According to the Courtpoint data, the global smartphone market of 2025q3 has grown by 4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with apples growing by 9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the fastest growing manufacturers in the top five brands, plus vivo, milli, milli.
The market is ahead of the market for such visual, structural and functional modules as stones and metals, and has completed the development and volume preparation of the annual flagship phones, which match the production of many new items of high-end machine-type metal by the head clients.
The company, as a long-term core supplier of large client appearances, structures, will benefit fully from innovations such as quota upgrades, new machines plus single and super-rigid membranes, 3d glass caps, and new operations with multiple openings, with clear second and third-growth curves.
Early involvement in the layout and in-depth research and development, the company is now becoming a core supplier, deeply involved in the prototype development and design phase of a new generation of ai hardware product, providing key function modules and precision manufacturing solutions.
The mirrors provide such core components as precision structures, optical components, acoustic modules, which will be followed by soft board smt, wireless charger modules, charge box assembly and whole assembly.
On the other hand, the company has now built a vertical integration platform that builds core components to the whole assembly of the machine, and has grown up, and the ai is able to open up the forward space for successful entry into the North American and domestic head robotic supply chain, joints, smart hands, structures.
In the first quarter of the year, Lanstych reported that it had been delivered in bulk, human robots and four-foot robots had been assembled to the top of the industry, and that it had entered the era with a multiplicity of postures and performance growth dynamics.
The company expects 3,000 human-shaped robots and more than 10,000 four-foot robotic dogs throughout the year to be one of the largest platforms for the manufacture of intelable hardware.
Energetic, human robotics and so on, profit predictions and investment ratings: we expect the company to return its net profits separately in 2025-2027.
The company's core shares are at the end of the ai, and we're looking at the company's prospects in this area, and we're keeping the Sunda S.A. rating on the company's "buy-in" rating.
The risk factors are: consumption electronics demand is not as high as expected; market competition increases the risk; new products are not available.
In August, \triangleright joined the CSEP, then in November 2022, looking at optical, consumer electronics, auto electronics, etc.
The original securities, the Saidi think tank, joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group in January 2025, which studied semiconductors, etc. The Sindam Securities Electronics Group, which studied the storage of chips, simulation chips, etc. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.