BluesTech (300433.sz) Robots, aar glasses, server operations to build a new growth curve huhui2@guosen.com.cn
zhangdawei1@guosen.com.cn Consumer electronic business benefits release and client billing, which opens up future incremental space in three quarters.
The demand for new orders from major North American clients has increased the company’s workforce to nearly 170,000 people. The company has identified a large client’s next year’s folding machine with a utg panel, a Pete patch and glass support panel, with a glass front cover, a 3d glass back cover and a liquid metal chain axis with a significant single-machine value.
3d glass cover penetration will continue to increase, creating a constant momentum for companies to grow. Smart car business is advancing steadily, super thin glue glass is about to reach its yield period.
S0980525080004 The vehicle area has continued to deepen its layout, the super thin-coated car glass has been developed with U.S., U.S. and Chinese certification, the first car glass line has been certified by a client, and production is expected to reach full capacity by the end of this year until the beginning of next year.
At the same time, three more production lines are expected to be completed by the end of this year, with production expected to reach millions of vehicles in all four production lines in the postnatal year through client certification in the first quarter of the year. In the case of super thin glue car glass, the company is currently working with more than 20 car manufacturers.
A 52-week maximum/minimum increase in revenue from car operations. Robots, aar glasses, server operations construct a new growth curve.
(a) Robot business: the company has achieved mass delivery of the core parts of human robots and quadriplegs and the complete assembly of machines, and it is expected that 3,000 human robots and four-foot robots will be delivered throughout the year; thousands of robotic dogs will be on board.
Vertically integrated, self-researching high-value-added components, such as optical wave guidance mirrors, functional modules and ultra-light materials, are integrated into the next generation of Arglasses.)ai server: the container structure has been bulked and planned for follow-up to liquid cool module, solid-state hard disk assembly.
Investment proposal: Consider the vertical integration of the corporate whole chain, improve the global layout, "Consumption + Wirtschaftsprüfer."
Growth in performance due to multi-wheel drive of automobiles plus emerging smart terminals, sustaining profit projections, forecasted public, RainsTech (300433.sz)-2q25
BluesTech (300433.sz)-3q24 net profit from mother-to-child growth, Māori ratio, BluesTech (300433.sz) - Deepening vertical integration of the industrial chain, ai-driven mobile phones, BluesTech (300433.sz)-1024 net profit from mother-to-child growth by 379%, ai
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and the same rate of increase The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and the conclusion is not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.