LanthyTechnology (300433.sz) Electronic e-consumption component iiii, driven by technological innovation, continues to move towards platforming
Events: On November 20, LansyTech published a log of investor relations activities, indicating that companies are now entering the supply chain of many head robots in North America and the country, that joint modules, smart hands, structures have been delivered in bulk, and that human robots, four-foot robots, are being assembled at the forefront of the industry. Human robots are expected to arrive this year.
More than 132,102.61,300, and 10,000 four-legged robotic dogs, initially becoming one of the largest platforms for the manufacture of intelligent hardware.In 2026, it is expected that the core parts of human robotics and their complete assembly will be doubled, with human machines in 2027.
The volume of people and four-legged robotic dogs arriving in circulation (million shares) is firmly at the top of the world.
The company was founded in Shenzhen in 1993 and was listed on a deep-seated business board in 2006, and on the Hong Kong Exchange in 2025 to achieve the strategic layout of the “a+h” dual-capital platform. The company made a continuous breakthrough in new material applications, leading the way with glass.
The introduction of materials such as sapphire, ceramics, etc. into the consumer electronics industry, with a deep technological build-up of more than a dozen materials, such as glass, metals, ceramics, plastics, leather, silicon, fibres, carbon fibres, chemical fibres, etc., and building on a strong platform capacity, the company has achieved vertical integration from raw material production, functional module attachments to whole machine assembly, and with global headlines.
There is long-term strategic collaboration between consumer electronics and smart car brands. At present, companies are involved in smart phones and computer, smart car and cabin, smart head and smart suit, human robots, and so on. They cover glass, metal, sapphire, ceramics, plastics, leather, fibres, carbon fibre, etc.
Technological innovation is a central driver of corporate development. Companies have long focused on research and innovation, building up a wealth of materials and process core technologies, leading the intelligent terminal field.
Technological change makes an important contribution to the enhancement of the aesthetics and functionality of the smart end. The company, guided by the "Four News" and guided by research on key issues in the industry, market demand and technological development, has built a complete R & D system based on technology research and development, product innovation, and the optimization of production processes. In the first three quarters of 2025, the company achieved business income of 536.63.
In return, the King has increased by 16.08 per cent over the same period; realized a net profit of 2,843 million won attributable to shareholders in listed companies, which has a large number of well-known global customers and continues to move to a platform; and, in the area of consumer electronics and smart cars, the company was able to make a difference.
There are a number of world-renowned clients, including Apples, Samsung, Hua, Mi, Opo, vivo, Glory, Google, Meta, Tesla, Ningde, BMW, Mercedes, Popularity, Ideas, Viadi. With regard to the platform ' s layout, companies already have a system of industrialization underpinned by core technology that captures the edge of market expansion.
In the case of smart phones and computers, according to the company’s semi-annual report for 2025, corporate smart phones and computer-type operations achieved business income of $27,185 million in the first half of 2025.
The components and functionality module lead the market by completing the development and volume preparation of multiple annual flagship phones, in conjunction with the production of many new high-end machine-type metal frames by head clients. In automobile business, the company developed ultra thin glue, car glass has been certified as American, European and Chinese. According to the company's investment released on October 28, 2025.
The log shows that the company’s first car glass line is currently certified by its clients and is expected to produce by the end of 2025 and the beginning of 2026 to meet the needs of hundreds of thousands of cars. For robotics, the former company has entered the supply chain of several head robots in North America and the country, joints, smart hands, structures.
We believe that the current corporate-platform strategy is on its way to landing, with prospects for future growth. First, profit predictions and segmentation of operations.
1. With regard to smartphones and computer-type operations, the company ' s large clients enter a new cycle of visual modifications and innovation with new models, and the company is expected to continue to benefit as a core supplier of visual and structural components, while the company ' s assembly business has the opportunity to further drive the build-up business and further improve profit levels. We expect the business to grow at a similar rate of $30.00 per cent in 2025-2027, respectively.
2. In the case of smart car and cabin operations, new items such as the company ' s wireless charger module, communication module and domain controllers continue to be guided; in the case of entry, the multifunctional super-fibre car glass break-out into bulk production phase, the value of the vehicle is expected to rise considerably; in the case of my 3, smart head display and smart suit type business, components such as the company ' s research and production of visual, structural, optical lenses, etc.
In many high endai glasses and head-over products, smart watch-related knots such as glass, metal, sapphire, ceramics, etc., have been applied, building blocks have continued to grow and have taken a leading market share in an upcoming smart watch structure with innovative materials, the plate industry, and other smart terminals, in a context of rapid growth in the size of the smart market, the company has seized on market opportunities for the domestic sector.
We expect the business to grow at a similar rate of $50.00 per cent, $50.00 per cent, $50.00 per cent, $50.00 per cent in 2025-2027.
Directly integrated, diversified and vertically integrated business layouts have been established, integrated product supply systems have been built into one-size-fits-all systems of development, marketing, on-site technical support and intelligence, and products have been widely used in consumer electronics, automobiles and communications. Gore shares are innovative science and technology enterprises in global layouts, mainly in sophisticated audio-optic zero components and sophisticated structures, smart whole machines, high-end equipment.
R & D, manufacturing and marketing; intellectually ingenuity to provide one-stop manufacturing services and solutions to customers globally, such as precision features, structures, modules, etc. Lancetpe is lower than comparable corporate averages, and multi-businesses can continue to grow for the future, covering for the first time, with a buy-in rating.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data