Metallurgical tap valuations are still to be repaired, the spectra of diverse development writing on the new building seals, and the all-round development of the eight pillars of metallurgy, the company's top global metal engineering contractor and the country's capital masters, occupying the country.
In recent years, companies have focused on metallurgy owners and restructured their business structures in the “Four-Eight-Eight-Eight-Eight-Eight-Eight-Eight-Eight-Eight-Eight” sector, moving towards emerging industries. In 22 years, companies have achieved revenue of $59.27 billion, $3.4 billion (+25.8%), and performance has been impressive.
In 22 years, the iron and steel industry had the highest carbon emissions in the manufacturing industry, and the country had launched a “double carbon” target to help reduce carbon emissions: our iron and steel industry plan had a net exit from iron and steel production capacity in 2017-2025.
Four hundred and thirty-two million tons of steel production, 39,67 million tons of steel production, and a 25-year ratio of 15% to 15% of domestic steel production, with 20%. The company has the advantage of a whole industry chain of metallurgical technology, and the successful river-hydrogen energy project under the banner of Kyochen is a sign of substantial development in China’s hydrogen metallurgy.
In non-steel engineering, benefiting from the “input operations” model, new building and capital orders increased to $6,622,300 billion in 22 years, and the “high and new” orders increased.
The company pre-positions several distributed photovoltaic projects with wide business prospects.
With the impetus of the two-carbon policy, the steel industry’s existing production line equipment is low-carbonized, intelligently upgraded, and the China Metallurgical Industries Group has been transformed into a trend towards the development of core metallurgical equipment led by an electric furnace.
In 22 years, the cost of R & D has increased to 3.2%, with companies having multi-country technology R & D centres and manufacturing bases such as Central Metallurgical, Middle Metallurgical, etc., with relatively strong equipment set capabilities.
In the area of real estate development, in 22 years, the country has liberalized its regulatory policy, and companies have invested $28,950 million in real estate development, acquiring five projects, seven plots of land and 23,74 plots of land.
10,000m2, medium- and long-term development through the provision of secure strategic earth storage operations.
Revenue from mobile resources has increased to $8.87 billion. With high-quality resources, companies have built new energy businesses with high nickel trio-based materials, eight are currently produced in official volumes of high nickel pre-dipheral products, and five and six are conventional renewal models that have been applied to large-scale automobile companies.
• Profit forecasting and investment proposals The continued release of engineering orders and the upgrading space for equipment manufacturing operations in the “double carbon” context, after which the completion of the mining project will add to the performance of the resource plate, with the first “buy-in” rating to be covered.
Capital investment slowed; new energy demand contracted; and overseas market uncertainty.1 Metallurgical giants continued with the full development of the Quadros 1.1 Metallurgical Engineering National Team, with a long history of wealth
The company is one of the largest engineering complexes in the world, with the largest share of the domestic market, the longest-run, the most professional, and the best-designed contractor, leading the country in the construction of the metallurgical industry. Since the last 40 years, the company has been involved in several countries, including saddle steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, sand and steel.
The planning, design and construction of all major steel and steel complexes is the lead in the construction of our metallurgical industry. The company focuses on the expansion of offshore projects, opening up the market for metal engineering contracts in dozens of countries, and completing a large number of projects with significant impact and good economic benefits. The company owns 12 first-class science and engineering institutes, 15 large construction firms and five complexes.
With a total of 27 national science and technology research and development platforms and a cumulative total of more than 40,000 patents, China has won 82 patents. Using the advantages of its entire industry chain system for metallurgical engineering, the company is working to build a national team of operational services.
Chart 1: The course of corporate development The development of companies can be broadly divided into three stages: diversification of operations, expansion of operations leading to higher costs: economic depth adjustment in the wake of the financial crisis, domestic steel production
Overcapacity, a sharp contraction of markets, and a combination of multiple factors led to a significant decline in corporate performance in 2011 and, in phase II (2013-2015), the consolidation of industrial chain advantages, with a focus on metallurgical masters: in the face of loss distress, company owners shrunk business lines, and a focus on metallurgical engineering masters, depending on traditional masterships ' advantages, extending the chain to a modest extent, in line with the traditional masterships.
The process identifies the company’s first science, technology and innovation team in eight major parts of the area of metallurgy, and in 19 fields of operation, integrating the resources of the entire industrial chain, such as R & D, consulting, design, equipment, construction, operation, etc., and building an overall framework of the metallurgical plates.
As of the first quarter of 2023, the company was effectively controlling the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, holding shareholders in the Central Metallurgical Group and holding companies.
49.18 per cent of shares. The company’s operations cover metallurgical construction, building infrastructure, real estate development, equipment manufacturing, resource development, etc., with a focus on metallurgy, actively expands to non-metallurgical and other areas, and promotes the optimization of the “Four Pillars” industrial system, resulting in four major business blocks: metallurgical construction, engineering contracting, emerging industries, integrated real estate, and smelting.
Gold engineering and operating services, mining engineering and operating services, core equipment and steel structures, building and urban renewal, transportation, municipal and other works, eco-environmental and cultural engineering, development of new energy and mineral resources, green and healthy smart property with a “8 1.2 project contract support camp increase, resource development operations are profitable
In terms of revenue collection, corporate engineering contracts generated 55.440 billion yuan, or 92.9 per cent, in 2022 and increased 7.2 items, or more than year after year, compared with 2016. Other operations have fallen 2.7 items, mainly as a result of the company ' s continuous optimization of business processes and a marked decline in management costs.
The impact of volatile prices of raw materials and the high cost of company production in recent years have led to a decline in the Māori rate. Under the Māori 1.3 new appraisal system in the first quarter of 2023, the company’s valuation is expected to be repaired.
The objectives of “Step 4” include, inter alia: “One Increase”, i.e., to ensure that total profit increases at a higher rate than the national gdp increase; “Step 1”, i.e., that the asset-liability ratio remains stable overall: Four Increases”, i.e., net asset yields, intensity of R&D investment, full-time labour force ratios, operating cash ratios, and four indicators to further increase.
Net profit, total profit, asset-liability ratio, profitability of operating income, intensity of investment in R & D, increase of profit-earning margin and intensity of investment in R & D. Gross profit, net profit, asset-liability ratio, profitability of operating income, intensity of investment in R & D, full-time labour production
Target: two increases: gross and net profit increases faster than the national economy; one control: asset-liability ratios are controlled roe, operating cash ratios, total profits, asset-liability ratios, intensity of research and development inputs
Objective: One increase: gross profit increases at a higher rate than the national rate of gdp: one steady: asset and liability ratios remain stable overall: four increases: net asset returns, investment intensity of R&D funds, full labour productivity, operating cash ratio plus four indicators.
In this context, the country needs to adapt its business structure and abandon some of its “income-free” projects. The company’s mining resources development, multi-crystal silicon, and so on.
Business Māori rates are higher than those of engineering contractors, and with future offshore mining and multi-crystal silicon projects, corporate profits will grow sufficiently and generate more value for shareholders. At the same time, the assessment of full labour productivity will optimize internal controls and further improve profitability levels.
The new system uses operating cash ratios to replace operating income ratios with net asset yields, reflecting the need for the National Accounting Commission to regulate "profit income and cash profits" and the need for companies to pay the same attention to cash flow security levels on the basis of their interest in book profits. In 2022, the company received 0.88.
At the same time, companies continue to invest more in research and development, promoting processes such as arc furnaces and hydrometallurgical methods, and continuously raise the level of research and development tariffs, reflecting the company’s long-term goal of pursuing high-quality sustainable development.
2 Metallurgical Engineering Foundation, Emerging Industries Building Growth poles 2.1 Metallurgical Engineering: Benefiting Double Carbon Policy, Green Line Transformation Rises 2.1.1 Industry Policy End: Double Carbon Policy Promotes Industrial Transformations, Electric Arc Cooking has huge scope for upgrading
Centrally, a carbon-reducing heavy-pound policy was put in place to optimize the industrial structure, increase the rate of clean energy use and reduce the energy consumption per unit of products in high-energy industries such as steel, non-ferrous metals, construction materials, etc. In October 2021, the State Department launched the Carbon Reaching Party to 2030, which called for accelerated green low-carbon transformation and high-quality development in the industrial sector, with the iron and steel and non-ferrous metals sectors strictly enforcing production capacity.
In November of the same year, the country launched the 14th National Cleaner Production Implementation Programme, a clean and low-carbon conversion programme for priority sectors, which calls for the completion of the relevant production changes in the energy-intensive sector, for example, in the steel sector, where 530 million tons of iron and steel production is under-released, and 460 million tons of caloric energy for cleaner production.
In the steel sector, for example, the iron and steel sector will need to reach a peak of carbon emissions by 2025: by 2030, carbon emissions in the steel and steel sector will have been reduced by 30% compared to their peak, with a projected carbon reduction of 420 million tons. The steel and steel industry will need to improve its smelting technology, with a strong push to promote the entire steel furnace process and the promotion of steel.
In 2022, the iron and steel industry accounted for about 15% of the country's total carbon emissions, the highest carbon emissions in the manufacturing sector in 31 categories.
Billions of tons, 90/10% of the production of transvestites and electric stoves. We have a high demand for steel production, a high demand for raw materials, from fewer scrap steel resources to support the supply of raw materials, so long-flow steel based on iron ore, limestone and coke dominates, while long-flow-based carbon emissions are 2-3 tons, well above short-flow approach 0.8 tons, leading to steel.
In the short term, achieving the double carbon target will need to be achieved through reduced replacement. In 2017-2025, the iron and steel industry plans to withdraw a cumulative amount of 32.48 million tons of iron production, 2.8457 million tons of new iron production, and 4,032,000 tons of iron production.
From a long-term perspective, smelting equipment requires technological adaptations such as short-flow methods, green hydrogen smelting, carbon capture, etc. The promotion of smelting can significantly reduce carbon emissions in the steel industry, which can gradually transform existing high-fire furnace production lines into electric furnaces.
Production lines. By 2021, our electric arc furnaces produced 186,000 tons of steel, or +13.4% in the last five years, but far below the world’s main regions and averages.
In the future, 20% of the country’s electric smelters will have great scope to upgrade steel. 2.1.2 Corporate ends: Metallurgical whole-chain advantages, hydrometallurgical + intelligent transformation leads to the future. Metallurgical technologies are comprehensive and whole-chain advantages are prominent.
Planning, surveying, design and construction of the main production facilities of almost all large and medium-sized steel enterprises are in absolute leadership in the eight stages of iron and steel production: affiliate Nfé, China, and Huamelon, China, are good at mining, ore-picking: medium smelting, central smelting north, medium smelting for deep-burning and cokering technology: medium saudi is good at iron processing in high furnaces: medium smelting, Chinese smelting, Kyeongcheng, Chinese smelting, etc.
The company now accounts for 90% and 60% of the world’s metallurgical market, fully reflecting China’s hard power through a whole-of-the-industry chain advantage. Active layout of the hydrogen metallurgical process accelerates the short-flow iterative process.
Research and development of the process has led to the formation of a range of advanced technology products around the green smart goal. Seydi from the subsidiary proposes a technological route for green low-carbon hydrogen metallurgy through a low-carbon furnace for hydrogen-rich reduction, a hydrogen-based furnace for direct reduction, and three technological pathways based on high-impact pre-reducing hydrogen-based melting reduction; and Kyochen from the subsidiary.
Worked on low-carbon metallurgical technology and completed a study on dry-based gas precisions, while mastering process techniques for co2 extraction and deep processing. In December 2020, China led the establishment of the China-Kyoto-Dang Steel International consortium, a demonstration project on hydrogen energy development and utilization, officially opening up the substantial pace of the development of hydrogen metallurgy in China, which is expected to boost the steel industry.
Figure 26: The process of research and development of the Chinese-Kyoto-hydrometallurgical technology
With regard to engineering, the subsidiaries have a strong edge in metallurgical steel, have the capacity to operate modern metallurgical production services, have the experience of providing equipment for large domestic and international metallurgical enterprises, overhauling, production operations, technological upgrading, etc., and have transformed metallurgical engineering techniques to cover the iron and steel chain, refining and refining of steel companies.
Steel series, roller series, public support facilities, etc.: In terms of intelligent transport, the Effie House relies on proprietary technological advantages, implants information control technology into production lines and equipment, meets the needs of domestic mines and smelters to upgrade technology, reduce energy efficiency and manage operations, and provides specialized, intelligent high-end services to clients.
Figure 28: Medium Smelt Steel Engineering and Management Project Figure 29: Unmanned Electric Vehicle Full Automated Remote Control System (UATM) Under Enfei
In 2022, major projects, such as the Yunnan Condium Steel Transformation and Upgrading Project, were implemented to build new growth points in the company ' s metallurgical engineering operations. 2.2 Non-steel engineering: the abo model support infrastructure expansion, and the emerging industry continued to grow.
2.2.1 The “inputing operations” model catalyses the expansion of capital and housing engineering operations, and as government departments work with social capital in the area of capital clothing, the construction model, represented by abo and epc+f, is gradually becoming the mainstream of construction ventures. The abo model is the authorization (authorize), construction (building), operation (operation).
In this model, the government, as the rule maker and regulator, helps platform companies to integrate resources more efficiently and provide high-quality construction services.
Increased housing and capital-related capacity-building, and continued deepening of local large-scale strategic client collaboration to acquire housing and capital-building “high-tech” projects, and to promote an integrated approach to the contracting model. The “medium-melt debt” expands access to finance and effectively reduces the cost of financing.
The current nominal interest rate on bonds (weighted average) is only 3.69 per cent, leaving a balance of $1320 million, which is large in size and low in interest rates, effectively guarantees the successful completion of the construction-in-progress project. Benefiting from the integrated “in-investment” model, firm building, capital-type orders are growing rapidly, and “highly new” orders are made.
2.2.2 Environmental conservation operations are often flowered and new sources of energy are being developed in the medium to long term. Companies actively promote the development of integrated energy-efficient and environmentally friendly services, and develop energy-efficient and environmentally friendly specialized service enterprises around the subsectors of integrated water environmental management, waste incineration, hazardous waste management, soil restoration, and eco-environmental management of mines.
On the other hand, Nfi, a subsidiary of the company, currently operates three companies that are engaged in the incineration of domestic waste in China. In 2022, 126.55 million tons of domestic waste were disposed of, and in 2022, 45,575.2 million kilowatt-hours of electricity were generated, equivalent to a reduction of 39,070,000 tons of carbon dioxide equivalent.
In 2020, the company joined China Metallurgical Tsing and Nfi established the China Metallurgical Environment Group Ltd., focusing on the integrated management of the eco-environmental industrial chain. The eco-environmental environment accumulated 568 million tons of sewage treatment in mid-2022, resulting in a cod emission reduction of 11.37 million tons and an amino nitrogen reduction of 138,000 tons.
Figure 35: Integrated management of the water environment in the central part of the Chinese Seal Seal Hills Project Figure 36: Ecoremediation of Quarry pits in Npheipur County, China
As the photovoltaic industry progresses with policy support, distributed photovoltaic operations are expected to be strongly supported by a new 3-metallurgical equipment and deep-farming city operations.
3.1 Benefiting from a two-carbon policy, equipment manufacturing operations are expected to increase, dual-carbon policy-driven equipment upgrades are expected, and the metallurgical equipment manufacturing industry is well advanced. The steel industry has moved into deeper supply-side reforms, with green low-carbon, intelligent development as a key carbon-emitting industry.
In addition, the digital transformation of the equipment manufacturing industry will become an industry trend.
National metallurgical construction is strongly supported, and research and development continues to be invested in lifting the technology. The company’s equipment-making plates consist mainly of equipment-making and steel-structured operations, the “incubator” of metallurgical equipment, and the high-quality development of support metallurgical engineering operations.
The equipment-making plate has three main functional positionings around research and development tests, core manufacturing, assembly and integration, with multi-country technology R & D centres such as automated laboratories and heat industry product laboratories, scalding balls equipment research centres, with national research and development capabilities; and multiple core manufacturing bases such as the Central Metallurgical Facility Base, the Central Metallurgical Pressure Facility and all-round metal construction processes.
The company’s equipment manufacturing business follows the pace of upgrading of the national steel industry, exporting high-quality core products to countries along the “one-way” route, effectively enhancing the branding of “medium-metallurgical equipment” and making the equipment “hard support” of the national metal-building team.
Figure 42: The company's three core manufacturing bases, manufacturing bases, base characteristics.
The Central Metallurgical Satide has combined core equipment development, design, manufacturing and set-up capabilities and has achieved full autonomy in the steel core, resulting in the formation of disc feeders, high-intensity levelers, short-resistance brakers, all-embracing brakes, etc.
More than 20 core technologies are leading a series of fists, metal sets with autonomous intellectual property rights, fully balanced negative pressure-discharge system technologies and equipment, activated carbon flue gas purification packages, smart stands
The bulk of the bulk parking equipment and orbital transport support equipment, of dozens of different varieties, has been distributed in the domestic and foreign metallurgical industry.
Production capacity of 20,000 tons of steel, 20,000 tons of large-scale precision steel, 45,000 tons of exercise and 90,000 tons of steel-based insinuations, dominated by 15 columns, more than 200 variety specifications, of which 14506 sets of reversible chillers, etc.
Steel structure: the founder of the Chinese steel architecture project. The company is one of the pioneers of the Chinese steel architecture industry. It has 32 steel structure manufacturing bases nationwide, with a capacity of 1.65 million tons, including the Chinese smelting (Shanghai) steel base, and the Sino-Shangzhou steel.
The technology is in the lead in the country, with the advantages of integrating the entire industrial chain, combining research and development, design, manufacturing, installation, testing, supervision, and building a series of Olympic bird nests, apec exhibition centres, and up-to-date geese lake fairs.
3.2 Focusing on diverse real estate operations, deep-deeping in priority areas of the country, and working in synergy with the three main economic circles. From an operational point of view, the company insists on focusing on "one major n wing."
The multi-wheel drive development strategy, aimed at integrated urban development operators, is aimed at high-end housing, commercial property, recreation, industrial parks, thematic parks, educational properties, property management, and multi-wheel drive, aimed at creating a new generation of high-end intelligent and healthy housing. From a regional perspective, the company sub-city provides advice and insists on the completion of the long triangle, the bead triangle, and the Kyoto Ribbon Sea.
Figure 44: The company's “one wing” business structure and the three strategic regional layouts of the country
Central easing of regulatory policies and a gradual return to rationality in the industry. Companies have seized market opportunities, increased investment in real estate, invested $28,955 million, an increase of 89.7 per cent over 2021, and developed regions with a focus on three major economic circles, increased strategic land reserves through the transformation of old cities and regional development, protected real estate development operations, and acquired five projects in 2022.
A total of 7 plots of land, covering 237,000 millimeters of land and 488,000 millimeters of building space. Adequate land reserves constitute an important guarantee of the long-term sustainability of corporate real estate development operations.
4.1 There are many overseas mines, with high-quality reserves, high-level mineral products and sufficient resource retention. The company's mineral resources are abundant, with offshore mines spread across Asia, the Great Lakes, South America and Africa, and basic metal resources, such as copper and zinc, rank among the world's first echelons. The company is currently developing and operating.
A total of five major mineral resource projects: 1) PNG Snack Cobalt Project: Resource retention of 143.2 million tons, average nickel grade of 1.01 per cent and cobalt grade of 0.1 per cent, which can be mined for 40 years in terms of current capacity, represents the rate of production and movement of the world ' s currently operational red-earth nickel mine.
(b) Pakistan ' s Mt.Dark copper gold mining project: the eastern ore body estimates 358 million tons of retained resources and 0.36 per cent of the average copper grade. 1.29 million tons of corrosion metals; 83.24 million tons of retained reserves, 0.375 per cent of the average copper grade and 310,000 tons of brass metal.
The production of copper after delivery increased to 24,000 tonnes/year; 3) Pakistan Lead Zinc Mining Project: The project estimated the retention of 870,000 tonnes of zinc metal, 390,000 tonnes of lead metal, Zinc Pyramid, 7.84% average grade, 3.55% average grade of lead, which basically meets the project for almost 20 years.
Large, a doubling of lead and zinc resources is expected during the “145” period; 4) Pakistan's Siyadik copper mining project: three acquisitions of mining rights, 1,014 million tons of copper resources, 32.787 tons of copper gold, with an average grade of 0.32 per cent, are currently in the advanced stage of development;
5) The Enacro copper mining project in Afghanistan, with 662 million tons of project resources, 11.8 million tons of copper metals, an average copper grade of 1.67 per cent, belonging to the world class of super-large copper deposits, is still in the negotiating phase.
The rise in the volume price boosted higher yields and higher costs led to higher profits. In 2022, company mining increased significantly, reaching an average production rate of 105 per cent for the New Guinea Cobalt Cobalt Cobalt mine, again exceeding production, 21 per cent for the Pakistan Mountain Copper Gold Project, and 513,000 tons for the Pakistan Douda Lead and Zinc Project, a 20.1 per cent increase compared to the 20.1 per cent increase in the new energy production.
Rapid growth in industry, increased demand for non-ferrous metals, and better ore prices. Double price-driven revenues, RMB 8.87 billion in 2022. 32.9 per cent more than in 2021. International oil prices are affected by factors such as the European energy crisis
Figure 52: The production of zinc from Pakistan ' s Douda lead ore and the same ratio as the industry for nickel resource development is complete, the production of new energy vehicles is well under way in the three-dollar period, and the sale of new energy vehicles has increased, with a high level of nickelization of positive materials. New energy vehicles have been on the move since 2021, with penetration rates.
In 2022, China sold 6.8 million new energy vehicles, 452.9 per cent more than in 2020, with penetration rising to 25.6 per cent, gradually taking over the mainstream car market and creating a new high of 640,000 tons of material out of the same year. During the new week of industry, new energy vehicles became more demanding in terms of battery energy density, safety, etc., and high nickel was the main trend.
Figure 55: New energy vehicle sales and penetration rates in China, 2017-2022
High nickel trio batteries have both mileage and cost advantages. High nickel is a positive and extreme energy density with a mileage advantage to meet the need for higher-end vehicle market competitiveness; high nickel battery system costs continue to decline as new energy sources are replaced by better material systems, better cores, better manufacturing and better efficiency, and better pack structures.
In 2021, the global nickel reserves were as high as 95 million tons, the regional distribution was concentrated, and production was closely linked to its reserves. China’s nickel reserves were relatively small, representing only 3% of the world’s total, and the reserves were relatively small.
Impact, production as a percentage of 4.8 per cent, but consumption of nickel as high as 56 per cent, and domestic scarce resource reserves are increasingly difficult to meet
The Sino-Croat Cobalt Cobalt has a high yield rate and a high pre-Kniche nickel drive has been produced smoothly. The Sino-Crote Cobalt Redsoil Mine is China’s largest offshore investment project with 57% of the company’s shareholding on the project. The average production rate of the project is ranked first in the world's wet-metallurgical nickel mine, with a total of 143.2 million tons of nickel resources and sufficient raw materials and good quality.
Co-investment in the creation of medium-metallurgical logs by Gao Ko, Biadei and Cao, and in the construction of a new medium-melt material project to convert the hydroxide cobalt-rich products of the Sino-cobalt Cobalt mine into a high nickel trinity drive. Currently, 8 are officially produced by the high nickel trinity drive product, and 5 by the high nickel trinity drive product has been applied to the conventional fleet-carrying pattern of vehicles such as the wide-air, upper-air, argon and peng.
With the use of high-quality resources, the Division builds a new energy plate centred on a three-dimensional nickel drive. 4.3 The research and development base provides technical support and multi-crysilica operations are expected to be re-evaluated. Silicon-based materials are matured and supportive of the development of the communications industry.
The Silicon High Section of the subsidiary has “National Engineering Experimental Laboratory for Multi-Crystal Silicon Preparation” and two multi-crystal silicon production bases in Henan Province, and Loyang, who now have a total production capacity of 10,000 tonnes/year into World Top10, containing electronic-grade multi-crysilica, high-purity tetrachlorinated silicon, and electronic-grade trichloride.
Diagram 62: Silicon-based electronic material products Chart 63: National Engineering Laboratory of the country's only multi-crystal silicon preparation technology
The project to upgrade electronic information materials implemented by Silicon-Loyang is an “import substitution” project to fill gaps in high-end silicone materials in the country, built in two phases: phase one, with 350 acres of land, with molten-grade polysilic 300t/a, vad tetrachlorinated silicone 6000t/a, and multiple semiconductor electronic materials such as silicon tetrachloride, raw material level and electronic level hexachloroethylene, scheduled for 2023
Quarterly completion; phase II, based on a block-building approach, anchors new products that have made a breakthrough, expands the production of high-purity multi-crystal silicon, and creates new 10 types of new products, such as electronic features, pre-drive materials, etc. The first nine products of phase II have now been developed into such results as foundation engineering, and the new autonomous innovation demonstration area of Zhenglo, with broad development prospects as they advance the electronic information industry chain.
The multi-crystal silicon business is expected to be re-evaluated in a largely manageable context. 4.4 Enfi’s engineering design is very deep, and the new policy releases core competitiveness.
Qualifications. Over the past 70 years, more than 12,000 engineering projects have been established in more than 30 countries and regions, deep-drawing non-coal mines, coloured metallurgy, etc., with more than 40 professional design advantages in geology, mining, mining, mining, tailings, smelting, heat industry, etc., are among the few enterprises in the country with the capacity to provide advice, design, build, invest, and operate the “Five One” services.
China’s Enfi House has created a large number of high-market-value designs. It is now accelerating digital intelligence, greening, and transforming, making every effort to build a national team of colored minerals to contribute to industrial upgrading.
On 14 April 2023, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Natural Resources, and the Directorate-General of Revenue issued the Scheme for the Collection of Revenues from Mining Concessions, which, on the one hand, explicitly provides for the collection of “value-based” and “rate-based” proceeds from 144 mineral deposits.
In part, the mining rights pay up to a certain percentage of the sales income after the mining sale. On the other hand, the percentage of the down payment collected in the form of gold has been reduced, and the amount of the instalments has been extended to the maximum extent. Adjustments in the way the proceeds are collected have fully respected the objective pattern of mining survey development, which effectively addresses the problem of a more rapid pace of collection and eases the pressure on mining companies to finance the mining industry.
China’s Enfi Institute has a significant advantage in the field of mining engineering, and the introduction of the Scheme has helped Enfi to expand its business contracting and increase its corporate performance.
As agreed in the contract or in the case of a grant, the remaining portion will continue to be paid.
1) Engineering contracting: the company ' s traditional engineering contractor industry will gradually recover as a result of the optimization of the outbreak control policy, and under the new contract 3) equipment manufacturing: increased demand for upgrading production lines in a double-carbon context, smart metallurgical equipment and assembly steel structures in the city 4) resource development: with the expansion of the copper gold mining project in Shandak, Pakistan, and the launch of the first phase of the Silicon Dorysilium project in Loyang,
Averages. Corporate engineering orders are expected to be put on a continuous basis during the 14th Five-Year Period, with large lifts in equipment manufacturing in the “double-carbon” context, and the continued commissioning of mining projects will add to the performance of the resource plate. On the basis of the above three points, we look forward to the company’s future development, with the first “buy-in” rating being overtaken.
In China, 23-25 years, capital investment has not grown as fast as expected: corporate engineering contracting accounts for more than 90 per cent of the business, and if capital investment has increased at a slower rate than expected, it may result in new orders being placed less quickly than expected:
(c) Increased uncertainty about overseas operations: the Russian-Ukrainian war has led to an increase in global geopolitical risks, corporate overseas engineering and mineral capital.
The financial statements and major financial ratios are based on information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and objectivity.
EQUALITY, THE REPORT'S CONCLUSION WITH OTHER SECRETARIATS AND PERSONS OF THE COMPANIES, SECRETARIAT ISSUERS, Listed Companies, Foundations, Securities Asset Management Corporations, Selected Clients