Metallurgical construction leads, mineral resource development potentials, architectural decorations, professional engineering, the world's largest metal construction contractor and metal company operator. The company insists on being the world's best.
Strategic positioning of the National Team for Metallurgical Development, Capital Masters, Pioneers, Emerging Industry Leads, Lineheads, Long-term Follow-up to High-Technology High-Quality Innovation Development, which includes engineering, real estate development, equipment manufacturing, and resource development operations.
In recent years, the country as a whole has experienced a decline in demand for steel, with a steady decline in crude steel production, but a low-carbon smart transformation of the production line under the “double carbon” goal.
The company's hydrometallurgical technology and short-flow steel processing are at the forefront, and the pipeline for metallurgical construction is strong. Over the past five years, the company's new contract for the construction of metallurgy has been compounded by a modest extension of the “medium-metallurgical feature”, which is designed to protect the city's rivers in the non-steel sector.
In 2022, the company signed a new contract for non-steel works amounting to $108.71 billion, representing 86 per cent of the new contract for the project and generating operating income of $4.208 billion, representing 74 per cent of the cost of the project. Based on the advantages of its own metallurgical construction, the company has developed a number of detailed engineering areas, including thematic parks, eco-environmental protection, integrated management halls, etc.
Real estate maintains a high-end approach, proactively avoids blind expansion, and has a limited impact on the company as a whole at a time when the landscape of real estate is low. Resource development is bright, and incremental minerals are to be expected.
In 2022, the company completed the acquisition of three mining rights for the Siyadik copper mining project in Pakistan, which is expected to reach 60-7 million tons per year after delivery. The new Afghan government has repeatedly expressed its willingness to renew its cooperation.
The company is expected to make positive progress on the Ainak copper mining project in Afghanistan. As a firm deeply involved in the “one-way” construction, the company is expected to have more opportunities to participate in the launch of the offshore mineral resource project, China Central Metallurgical (60118.sh) - 18.9% increase in profits in the first half of the year.
China Smelting (601618.sh) - a steady increase in performance, full impairment and cost containment
The technological advantage is to create differentiated competitiveness in a variety of areas, and the profitability of mineral resource development operations under the banner is strong, with sufficient potential for further expansion. We predict that the company’s net profit-making projects for 2023-2025 will be less developed than expected; the risk of volatile mineral resource prices; and financial risks.
Corporate profile: Metallurgical construction, where it's based on new developments, and where it's based on metallurgical engineering, relying on China's five mines, the largest metal construction contractor in the world, and a metal company operator. China Metallurgical Institute, China.
Incorporated, one of the world’s largest metal construction contractors and metal company operators, one of the country’s identified priority resource groups, one of the country’s largest-capable steel-structured producers, and one of the first 16 central enterprises identified by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council as focusing on real estate development.
China is ranked sixth in terms of total turnover, the same as the previous year, and 47th in terms of “International Contractors 250” and 6th higher than in the previous year. Relying on the five-mine group, China’s strategic integration and re-engineering core competitiveness was limited in mid-2015.
The company (“China's Five Mines”) has embarked on a strategic restructuring process whereby China's Metallurgical Group as a whole is integrated into China's Five Mines. The group is based on a core of metals and minerals, with a global reserve of rich mineral resources, and strong trade logistics and financial operations.
It is hoped that there will be more support for overseas expansion and financing. It is built around a major engineering industry, with robust performance growth, solid foundations, and focused on building core strengths.
The strategic orientation of the building's main forces, pioneers, emerging industry leaders, leaders, leaders, long-term commitment to high-tech, high-quality and new development paths, and the development of the operational system and product orientation of the "Eight Pillars" are the four main operational blocks of metallurgical construction, engineering contracting, emerging industries, and integrated real estate; the "Eight Pillar" includes:
These are engineering services and products such as metallurgical and mineral engineering, equipment and steel construction, building and infrastructure works, mineral development, integrated real estate, etc. Business income has increased by 19.4 per cent and Māori by 11.1 per cent, depending on the structure of the business.
The revenue and Māori share of the company ' s engineering contracting business increased, with a steady increase in the collection of new engineering orders in 2013-2022 and a higher share of non-steel operations. The company ' s share of new contracts continued to grow steadily, reaching 71 per cent in 2022, making up the bulk of the company ' s engineering orders.
The overall Māori rate is under pressure and the resource development business is more profitable. Due to the low entry barriers to non-steel engineering, competition in the industry and the continuing decline in the Māori rate for corporate engineering contracts, the overall Māori rate is declining by a percentage point.
Māori rates have declined significantly as a result of the downside of the industry; Māori rates in equipment manufacture have remained stable; and Resources High profitability in development operations and Māori rates have continued to rise.
The debt burden is low, the quality of business has been improving steadily, and net interest rates have been pressured but turnover has continued to accelerate. In 2022, the company’s share was 8.48%, which is slightly lower than that of China’s iron construction and China’s chemistry.
The production-liability ratio was down below 75 per cent, but the reversal of the overall asset turnover trend continued to rise. Cost controls were better and research and development inputs more consistently strengthened. Cost controls were effectively reduced during periods of continuous company strengthening, and sales, management and financial cost rates were effectively reduced, with a cost rate of 5.71 per cent for the company period in 2022, down from the previous year.
The concourses, sponge cities, and smart cities are technologically advanced. Engineering investments are cautious, and the corresponding share of investment-related assets is low. Company participation in construction models, such as ppp. Concessions/other non-current assets/other non-current assets that expire within one year, respectively.
The ratio of interest-bearing liabilities is lower than that of co-workers, and the debt burden is lower. The ratio of interest-bearing liabilities has continued to decline, as corporate investment in engineering has been weak and the counterpart fund pressure has been smaller.
Financial costs, with only 0.16 per cent of the company ' s financial costs in 2022 and only 940 million yuan for the year as a whole. Cash flows continued to be positive, with a downward pressure on the operating cash ratio. Net operating cash flows in 2022 amounted to $181.5 billion, with an operating cash ratio of 3.18 per cent.
Metallurgical-building teams, branding of new and emerging businesses, wide-ranging capacity and technology change, strong technical advantages for metallurgical-building teams, weak demand, and continued pressure on crude steel production.
Real estate development investment has been weak, manufacturing investment has been weakly recovering, and demand for steel has declined. In 2022, Chinese steel produced 1.02 billion tons of rough steel, down 47 million tons from 2020.
Industry accounts for about 15% of the country's total carbon emissions, and is the largest contributor to carbon emissions in 31 sections of manufacturing. The steel industry is dominated by a long-process process structure, with coal and coke accounting for nearly 90% of energy inputs and high carbon emission intensity in the production process. In the context of carbon neutralization, the steel industry will continue to be concentrated.
Upgrades, carbon emission restrictions will be gradually upgraded, environmental improvements will be stepped up, and the low-carbon intelligence of steel production lines is expected to become “required” for future steel companies. The policy encourages the replacement of steel production and the merger of enterprises.
The Implementation Scheme for Power Replacement in the Steel Industry (hereinafter referred to as “the New Scheme”) has been introduced. The new scheme states that the construction of iron and steel production capacity is subject to separate capacity replacement, and that the increase in total iron and steel capacity in the priority areas of air pollution prevention and control is strictly prohibited.
The new approach encourages green low-carbon industrial development and technological innovation.
Accompanied steel production capacity for equipment items such as sinters, furnaces, furnaces, etc. (2) Withdrawal and construction of smelting equipment are projects for electric furnaces. (3) No change in type, capacity, quantity of in-plant technical modifications. (4) Withdrawal of equipment such as sinters, furnaces, furnaces, etc. for the construction of hydrogen metallurgy and corex, finex, hesmelt
The company's smelting technology has accumulated, focusing on core process research and development.
Smelting power from all-out steel can be reduced to 250 kwh/t, with indicators that are world advanced, with 65% reduction in carbon emissions compared to traditional long-process processes and 11% reduction in carbon emissions compared to conventional arc furnaces.
Research and industrial demonstration of key hydrogen-rich low-carbon smelting processes is expected to contribute to 10% carbon reduction in traditional processes, leading to iron and steel-scale carbon reduction. New receipts for metallurgical engineering have been growing, and metallurgical construction is well established.
Intelligentization, the continuous release of low-carbon transformation needs, and more rapid growth in corporate metallurgical engineering orders and revenues. Over the past five years, the company has registered a complex growth rate of 19.5 per cent in the value of its new metallurgical construction contracts, with a combined growth rate of business income as shown in figure 29: new contracts and increases in corporate metallurgical engineering operations (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 30: Operating income from company metallurgical engineering operations and the rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Equipment manufacturing and steel structure construction up and down, equipment manufacturing operations are growing steadily. The company has several core equipment manufacturing bases, and products cover the main metal workshops such as scalding balls, iron making steel, and steel casting.
At the same time, the company is one of the largest steel-building companies in the country, with 32 steel-structured manufacturing bases with a design capacity of 1.65 million tons, leading the industry in terms of capacity. In 2022, the company achieved business income of $12.32 billion in equipment manufacturing, an increase of 6.0 per cent.
“Medium Metallurgical Character” has been extended proportionately, with a rapid increase in new signatures and receipts for non-steel moorings. The company has actively expanded its operations in non-steel engineering, with a new contract of $108.71 billion for non-steel engineering in 2022, representing 86% of the new contract for construction, and an operating income of $4.208 billion.
The company’s non-steel engineering sector consists mainly of housing construction, transport infrastructure works and figure 33: Newly signed contracts for the construction of the company’s premises and the rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 34: Newly signed contracts for the construction of the company’s infrastructure and the rate of increase (in billions, per cent)
At the operational level, the advantages of metallurgical sewage treatment technologies are introduced into eco-environmental engineering and are based on the integrated design capabilities of parks.
In the area of building parks, the Yangtze Yellowstone Eco-Environmental Development Project (Eod), the Beijing Sphere City Project, and the Shanghai Disneyland Project have succeeded in creating a competitive and differentiated advantage. Real estate operations have remained steady, and sales are expected to recover.
The stock/sales grew by 9.3% to 17.3% on the same basis, showing a recovery. The company’s real estate business continued to follow a high-end path, building three high-end home lines: the “hymientos” in Kyunjin, the “hymn” in the Long Triangle, and the “false” in the Pearl Triangle. In the past, the company’s real estate business had remained at around $20 billion in size, and it had taken the initiative to avoid blind expansion.
Zhang, the company as a whole is constrained by the downside of the real estate landscape. Resource development is bright, incremental minerals are worth looking forward. Resource reserves are strong and overseas development projects are steadily moving forward.
The company currently has three mines and one multi-crystal silicon production base under its flag, generating revenues of $8.87 billion in 2022, an increase of 33.0%. The main mineral resources of the Department include nickel, cobalt, copper, lead, and zinc, which benefit from higher resource prices while at the hand mines.
Stable production, fast-digging, and rapid growth in operating income from resource development operations for the second year running. In 2022, you fell by 6.4 percentage points to 36.3 percentage points from the price of resources, but you still have 60% of the profits from nickel and cobalt mining and political stability in the countries of the overseas mines. In 2022, Riki, Papua New Guinea, nickel.
Cobalt mines, Pakistan ' s Douda lead and zinc mines, and Pakistan ' s mountain-dark copper gold mines have achieved net profits of $1.27 billion, $280 million, and $130 million, respectively, representing 60 per cent, 14 per cent, and 6 per cent of resource development operations. The company ' s nickel and cobalt mining countries, Papua New Guinea, pursue a policy of diplomatic neutrality, with bilateral trade with China amounting to $5.26 billion in 2022, are the same.
The company's copper, lead and zinc mines are located in Pakistan, a “good-neighbourly country” of China, with which there is deep cooperation in a number of areas.
The Sioux Cobalt Project, located in Madang Province, Papua New Guinea, is a world class mining project that collects selected and smelts as one. The project consists of major processes and support facilities such as open-air mining of red-earth mines, piping slurry transport, high-pressure acid leaching metallurgy, deep-sea tailings discharges.
Products, equivalent to approximately 31,000 tonnes/year of nickel and 3,000 tonnes/year of cobalt/year. Project completed in 2012 for the construction of a copper gold mine in Mount Dak, Pakistan.
The project was divided into three years in the south, three years in the north and east, where the copper mine was leased on a competitive basis, with a fourth lease period starting in 2022. The open-air mining site was built in 1995 for mining purposes, and in 2017 basic mining was completed, followed by open-air mining for underground mining; the East Minerguard was insured.
With 83 million tons of reserves and 310,000 tons of collapsing copper metals, the project will be able to meet its requirements for the next 20 years of operation.
Figure 52: Revenue from the operation of the Shandak copper gold mine (in billions of yuan)
Right, the volume of the Douda lead and zinc mineral resources (jorc standard) amounted to approximately 1,448 million tons, with an average zinc grade of 9.9 per cent, lead flat tons, lead content of 8886 tons in lead concentrate mines, an increase of 20 per cent and 22 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year. The project achieved a business income of 823 million yuan, an increase of 51.5 per cent, and a net profit of 281 million yuan from China, an increase of 38.2 per cent.
The Silicon polysilium silicon project in Luoyang is based on the Silicon high-silicon platform for research and development, with high income growth. The Silicon multisilicon project in Luoyang is based mainly on Liaoyang Silicon high-tech company (“Silicon high-tech company”) and China has an indirect shareholding of 67.84%.
The company mainly produces, develops, sells and provides technical services for silicon-based materials such as high-purity multiple crystalline silicone, high-purity tetrachloride silicon and electronic gas, and has developed new products for high-end silicone materials that have been successfully applied to integrated circuits and optical optics. In 2023, the company began the period of transformation and upgrading, with the overall relocation of the campus, with a focus on operations.
In 2022, the project achieved sales revenue of 1.789 billion yuan, an increase of 104 per cent in the same year, of which revenue from the sale of new products of silicon-based materials exceeded $290 million, an increase of 164 per cent in the same year, and net profits of 422 million yuan, an increase of 269 per cent in the same year.
The transition upgrade project is about to come into operation. The Central and Silicon High Section is implementing the electronic information materials conversion upgrade project, which is being built in two phases: a construction area with a molten stage of 300t/a, vad tetrachlorinated silicon 6000t/a, and a class of pcvd tetrachlorinated silicon, an electronic level of tetrachlorinated silicon, trichloride, dichloride silicon, raw material level and electronics.
(b) Phase II, based on a block-building approach, anchoring new products that have made breakthroughs, scaling up high-purity polycrystal silicon production and building new 10 new products such as electron special gases, pre-drive materials, etc., are scheduled to start in 2023.
Figure 56: Loyang Central Silicon Project and its new materials collection for Silicon Central (in billions of yuan) Completion of the new copper mine acquisition, Central Asian mineral development is expected acquisition of Pakistan ' s Siadek copper mine, with sufficient project reserves. In 2022, the company completed the Siyadi, Balochistan province.
The acquisition of three mining rights for the korone project has resulted in a detailed survey of the core area of approximately 6 square kilometres, representing approximately 35 per cent of the total area of 17.4 square kilometres of mining rights. Based on the results of the phased drilling, the project ' s copper ore resources were estimated at 1,014 million tons, copper metal volume at 32.78 million tons and copper average grade at 0.32 per cent.
With a similar profile of grade, geological structure, geomorphology, construction is expected to reach a shorter life cycle of mine completion and postnatal delivery of 60-7 million tons per year. Active progress is being made on the Enak copper mining project.
One of the mega-copper deposits developed was a total of 705 million tons of ore, with an average of 1.56 per cent copper and more than 11 million tons of copper-containing metals. In 2007, the company formed a consortium with the Jiangxi copper industry to develop the concession of the Enak copper mine, which started in 2009, but was affected by relocation compensation, preservation of cultural objects, political stability, etc.
After the arrival of the Taliban government in Afghanistan in 2021, a willingness to resume cooperation with China was expressed, and ongoing negotiations between the company and the current Afghan government are expected to make progress in the future. Ten thousand tons, an increase of 3.8% compared to the previous year, and China’s refined copper consumption of 13.51 million tons, a decline of 2.7% compared to the previous year, accounted for global consumption.
The UK commodity research institute cru predicts that global copper demand will grow by 2.1% per year by 2030, reaching 28.5 million tons. Copper can be widely used in new energy power generators, cables, batteries, charge posts, etc. The global copper mineral grade trend is declining and the copper price hub is moving on over the long term. The global copper resource is distributed mainly in South America.
With the extraction of copper resources, the scarcity of the remaining resources is increasing, the decline in copper ore grade constrains copper mineral volume, and the global average of copper mines has dropped from 1.6% to around 1% since 1990. As the world’s largest copper-producing country, Chile’s mine is particularly ageing, with copper grade.
Central Asia is rich in copper and has a strong “one-way” advantage. Central Asia is exploring about 11 million tons of copper, which represents about 1.5% of the world’s total reserves, such as lead, zinc, tungsten, uranium, etc.
At the third meeting of the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of the “China + Central Asia Five” in June 2022, it was agreed to establish a mechanism for the meeting of the heads of State of the “China + Central Asia Five” and to hold the first summit of the “China + Central Asia Five” in May 2023, which would further deepen China's cooperation with the Central Asian countries.
It is expected that there will be more opportunities to participate in the development of overseas mineral resources projects, and corporate resource development operations are expected to achieve 1) engineering contracting: companies are the leading global metallurgical engineering champions, intelligent, green metallurgical engineering technology is highlighted, and the competitive advantage in metallurgical engineering is expected to continue to be released.
The chain of resources is better integrated, with differentiated competitive advantages in a number of areas, such as niche industrial parks, thematic parks, polycylinders, sponge cities, where the influence of the medium-melt brand is expected to increase further. We expect the business block to be more competitive in the company ' s metallurgical engineering business in the domestic and foreign markets, with a steady increase in the number of new contracts.
There will be an increase in the number of TRPs, a shorter contract cycle, an increase in the Māori rate, and a steady increase in the rate of conversion of contracts. The differential advantage of corporate non-steel engineering operations will gradually become apparent, increasing brand influence in some of the segmented areas, increasing the number of new contracts, and a steady recovery in Māori rates.
2) Real estate development business: The corporate real estate development business is more exposed to external environmental impacts, and the overall development strategy is focused on “stable” and on high-end routes, and sales are expected to pick up slowly and revenue is expected to grow steadily. We have a steady recovery in corporate real estate sales, but there has been a slowdown in real estate development and a longer rollover of sales.
The real estate sector is slowly recovering, house prices are growing at a low rate, and the company ' s real-estate Māori ratio is gradually returning to positive 3. The equipment manufacturing business: the income from the manufacture of metallurgical equipment is strongly correlated with the company ' s metallurgical orders, and the steel structure income and the public annual income are 135.353.1.17.34 billion yuan, respectively.
4) Resource development business: The corporate resource development portfolio is growing rapidly and is expected to grow steadily in the future. To simplify projections, it is assumed that the mining projects under the company's umbrella will continue to be “for sale, fast-digging” and that the production and sales of the mines are equal to the sales, with sales prices close to the annual average.
As the real operating income from price fluctuations would be lower than the rough sales, it is assumed that a 65 per cent coefficient for the collection and sale of nickel, cobalt ore and lead and zinc ore will be realized. Assuming that future prices of non-ferrous minerals will remain stable, copper prices will rise in the first place because of supply.
Assuming a 20 per cent growth rate over the next three years for the Silicon Project in Loyang, taking into account the company’s business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the company’s soundness, considering that the metallurgical and infrastructure industries are in maturity and are expected to grow at a lower rate in the future, but public.
The business space of the Division ' s Resource Development Operations Group is still wide, so it is assumed that the growth rate will be 2.0 per cent per year. We value the company using the fcfe cash flow conversion method, from which we estimate the value of the company ' s shares at $117.4 billion, and the sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation: the firm ' s absolute valuation is relative when both the rate of growth and the discount rate change simultaneously.
These two factors have changed, resulting in an absolute value range for the company at $5.05-6.58. There is a wide range of business design areas, so we select different comparable companies in different fields: in the field of engineering contracting, the selection of China ' s Central Iron, China ' s Iron Construction, China ' s Chemistry; and in the field of real estate development, the selection of the Goldfield Group, Pauly.
Development, urban development; choice of iron and steel industry, iron and steel construction, and steel construction in equipment manufacturing; selection of Jiang Xi copper industry, Chinese friend cobalt industry, copper masonry colouring in resource development; forecast of net profits from corporate engineering/real estate development/equipment manufacturing/resource development operations in 2023
The company, as a leading metal-building company, actively expands its non-steel business, combining engineering and technological advantages, building differentiated competitiveness in a number of areas, with greater profitability and potential for further expansion of mineral resources development operations. But the valuation is based on relevant assumptions, particularly weighted average capital costs (wacc).
The calculation and the selection of parameters for comparable corporate valuations have been incorporated into many subjective judgements, leading to a risk of deviation in the valuation, as shown by: 1. Weighted average capital cost (wacc) having a very significant impact on the firm ' s absolute valuation, and we are calculating the wacc holiday.
(b) Full saturation, with negative growth, leading to an overvaluation of the company;
3. In terms of relative valuation, we selected 12 companies from four industries, namely, engineering contracting, real estate development, equipment manufacturing, resource development 12 companies, as comparable companies, to determine valuations by reference to the above average valuation levels of comparable companies
Exactly the same, there may be a risk of a valuation bias using an average market gain rate, and our projections of corporate profitability are based on more assumptions, including: 1. Growth of operating income: we assume that the company will grow its operating income over the next three years.
2. The recognition of operating costs is based on fundamental assumptions such as improved business environment in the engineering industry in the coming years, a slow recovery in the real estate sector, and the possibility of a fundamental involvement of operating costs, R & D costs, sales costs, turnover taxes and surcharges, income tax rates, etc. if future macroeconomic downturns continue and real estate risks are released
The level of the past few years has determined that there is a risk of an estimation of deviations. The risk of a macroeconomic downturn. As the global economy enters a recessionary cycle, the macroeconomic climate is likely to decline further, there is a risk of shrinking market demand, delays in engineering work and prolonged accounts receivable.
There is a risk of increased competition in the construction sector. The construction industry has lower entry thresholds, relatively intense competition, and market competition in future firms may increase further and may run the risk of falling business performance and market share.
There may be risks to offshore operations. A company may be exposed to risks such as the international political situation, changes in foreign policy, government executive intervention, etc. that offshore construction projects cannot be carried out properly, mine resources cannot be exploited, investments cannot be recovered, and projects lose.
Safety and environmental risks. The construction industry is a high-risk industry, with relatively poor construction environments, complex mining environments, and unpredictable factors that lead to safety and environmental accidents, as well as the risk of major safety accidents due to inappropriate operations, untimely equipment repairs, extreme weather, etc.
The main raw materials used by companies to produce are cement, steel, asphalt, etc., and short-term price fluctuations in raw materials have some impact on the company’s performance.
In 2022, the company completed the acquisition of three mining rights for the Siyadik copper mining project in Balochistan, while actively promoting the Ainak copper mining project in Afghanistan.
There is also considerable uncertainty about whether to go back to work, and we expect 30,000 tons of copper from the Siacik copper mine in 2025, with the risk that development will not progress as expected.
The impact of factors such as greater uncertainty and the vulnerability of resource price booms and falls to corporate resource development operations Receivable risk: a company's long-term receivables are large, and if the macroeconomic situation and the pre-industry outlook are significantly unfavourable or financial difficulties for individual clients are difficult for the company to account for
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, that, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, independence, objectivity, impartiality are sought and that the conclusion is not directed or influenced by any third party; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.