Continued release of Hpv vaccine for the M.E.B. (300122) and expected release of autonomous products, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company published its first quarterly report in 2023, which generated revenues of $11.17 billion, or +26.4 per cent, and achieved a net profit of $2.03 billion for mothers, or 5.7 per cent for mothers, and a net profit of $2.03 billion for non-mothers, or 7.1 per cent for mothers. The Hpv vaccine continued to grow steadily, at a higher cost of nine.
Products continue to grow robustly and profit-side growth is slower than revenue-side increases, mainly due to a relatively low ratio of nine-priced Hpv vaccine products, with a second crown vaccine product, 22q1, still contributing partially to performance, and this year, without delivery, the next nine-price Hpv vaccine increases. The cost of sales is 4% (-0.1 pp) during the company period.
The management cost rate is 0.7% (-0.1 pp), the financial cost is 0.2% (+0.1 pp), and the R & D cost rate is still fast-discharged for proxy varieties, and the proprietor product is ready to be released.
The Hpv vaccine has now been renewed in over 100 billion cases, and the company’s performance has been steady and the TB matrix is ready to be released. In 22 years, the company’s autonomous R&D product micro-cards and Iyka have been posted in more than 90% of the provincial units in our mainland region. In January 2023, Iyka was successfully integrated into the country.
Health insurance catalogues help to further expand Iyka's beneficiary base, assist key populations in the detection of tuberculosis sub-collage infections, and exploit the synergies of the corporate nodule product matrix. There are abundant pipelines and long-term growth dynamics.
16 projects for the registration phase, of which 23 were declared on the market, two-fold anti-pneumonia vaccine for frozen people, four-priced influenza vaccine had obtained the iii phase of the clinical trial summary report: 15-price pneumonia vaccine, vero cell rabies vaccine, double-price dysentery vaccine, four-price cerebral combination vaccine were in the ii clinical phase, regrouping herds.
1. Smart Flying Organisms (300122): The growth of proxy varieties has been sustained, the meningitis vaccine (Bomb) has received a clinical test approval, and the company has now set up an autonomous product readiness (2023-03-24)
Multi-product matrices, such as tuberculosis, rabies, respiratory viruses, are at the top of the vaccine industry pipeline abundance.
KIFO (300122): Hpv vaccine rapid release, autonomous product future availability (2022-08-31) 5. JIFO (300122): new crown vaccines bring sufficient
Cash flow, a significant increase in the 22q1hpv vaccine No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, not as a result of, or as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.