In 2023, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2023. In the first quarter of 2023, the company achieved operating income of 111.73.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 26.37 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of $20.32 in the same year; and company performance in the first quarter of 2023, a steady increase in corporate operating income, an increase of 26.37 per cent in the same year, a positive increase of 5.68 per cent in the same year in the net profit of the parent, and an increase in the same year in the net profit of the non-parent.
Research Assistant: Xie Hsien Hsien and Mercaton's renewal agency agreement guarantees subsequent performance growth. The company renewed the Supply, Distribution and Co-Promotion Agreement with Mercaton in the first quarter of 2023, mainly prior to the agreement
On the basis of a unified extension of the basic purchase value of Meshadong's five vaccine products that have been licensed for listing on mainland China, the duration of the agreement will be until the end of 2026, and during the new agreement period the amount of vaccine purchases will exceed $100 billion. The company's agent's four-priced Hpv vaccine was issued with an increase in volume in 2022.
59.37 per cent; nine-priced Hpv vaccine batch issuances increased by 51.65 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the company agent Hpv vaccine batch issuances maintained a high rate of growth in recent years, providing important support for the growth of company performance, renewed on 19 April 2023
Companies continue to improve their product layout and strengthen their autonomous product research and development. Companies adhere to innovative strategies such as "autonomous R & D, supported by collaborative R & D, and investment incubation" to create barriers to their R & D technology.
Three research and development bases have been set up in Beijing, Anhui, Chongqing, nine R & D platforms, eight product matrices and complete capacity for products from R & D to industrialized process implementation, covering early R & D, conversion research, process magnification, quality control, clinical surveillance,
The company has steadily advanced the development of its products, based on the development of its research products, the development of its research and development, the development of its biopharmaceutical parks, the deepening of the bio-materials field, the incubation of preventive, therapeutic biotechnology and products, and the promotion of corporate research and development capabilities.
At the end of the year, a total of 28 company-owned R & D projects, 16 of which were in clinical trials and applications for registration, were clearly structured and well stocked, further enhancing the company’s core competitiveness. Pe’s 14-fold and 11-fold respectively.
Quick growth, with a rich stock of self-research products, is expected to sustain steady growth in the future. Keeping the corporate profile, “positive” investors are only suited to use a study that is no higher than “medium- and high-risk” risk, and “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our department that have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence as a result of the Chinese Securities Association’s portfolio advisory and professional diligence and are known independently and objectively.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.