In recent days, the company has published its annual report 2022 and its quarterly report 2023, and its realization in 2022.
Twenty batches of Hpv vaccine were issued, an increase of 122 per cent in the same year and 27 batches of 9-priced Hpv vaccine, an increase of 28.57 per cent in the same year.
In 2022, the company's autonomous products were raised by $3.285 billion, compared to the growth of its subsidiary, Ann Quilongkoma, by $1.662 billion. The company's autonomous R & D products, micro-card and Ieka, have made positive progress in market access and market promotion, both of which are now on the mainland.
In January 2023, Iyka was successfully integrated into the National Health Insurance Directory, which helped to further expand Iyka’s beneficiary population, contributing to the detection of bacterium infections among key populations.
In 2022, the combined Māori rate was 807 people, an increase of 42.58%. According to research and development, 23-priced pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine was applied for and accepted for production registration, and frozen people used rabies (mrc-5 cells) and quadruple.
In October 2022, Chi Feilongko Sindha Securities Co. Ltd. completed an inspection of the new coronary vaccine WHO-eul certification site and obtained a summary of the iii clinical test.
Itd highly valued that the relevant work was well under way.
Risk factors: Risk of less than expected product R & D, increased competition in the market, General Manager of the \triangleright Centre.
He's a member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro work at ppccca and paraexel in 2021, joined the Sinda Securities and was responsible for research in the cxo industry, vouchers for research services and small molecular innovation medicine.
Mr. Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
Zhao Xiaoshan, a member of the team, a bachelor’s degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University, a master’s degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University, two years of experience in securities, joined in 2022 to study the trades of medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or opinions contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.