Integration constructs cost advantages, solid gains per unit - Jing Quantico (002459): 3-quarter reviews, 2023: a small drop in performance and a steady increase in unit profitability
1) During the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved operating income of 59.98 billion yuan, compared with the previous year ' s +21.6 per cent; the net profit of shareholders belonging to listed companies was 6.77 billion yuan, compared to the same period in the previous year ' s +105.6 per cent, and in three quarters, the company achieved revenue of 19.14 billion yuan, 1.870 billion yuan, compared to 16.1 per cent, the ring ratio and 30.2 per cent.) The company ' s components benefited from overseas channels and cost control advantages and were profitable.
Continued high, with Māori rings rising by 1.4 pcts to 21.0 per cent in three quarters alone. Delivery has increased steadily, with a sustained push for the N-type production profile. 37.6 gw (including 965 mw) of the company ' s battery assembly delivered in the first three quarters of 2023, with a ratio of overseas shipments of the components.
About 52%, with distribution volume of about 31%; third-quarter components, 12.3gw, ring + 5%. So far, the Silicon Project, Yangzhou, Kuchang, Stone House, and the East Tain Battery Project have been put into production, gradually releasing capacity to meet market demand for efficient products and increasing corporate profitability.
Since the end of 2023, when the company ' s n-type battery capacity will exceed 57gw, the cost advantage of the integrated construction has been continuously raised, and 1) the company has been accelerating the pace of integrated production capacity building since its return to a in 2019, with long-standing agreements to secure the supply of raw materials.
The company’s Māori ratio is one of the highest in the industry, with a total market value of $72.89 billion and a low volatility in Māori rates.) The company has now formed a global distribution network and is already operating in the United States, Germany, and Japan.
The creation of marketing centres in Ben, Korea, Australia, Brazil, etc., can provide the basis for companies to open up further channels on all continents. 3) Corporate brands have a clear edge, have a high degree of global recognition, have multiple certifications from domestic and foreign authorities, have a high degree of financing, and have been on track for almost a year.
The company is an old leader of photovoltaic integration, an integrated layout that enhances cost competitiveness, decentralization channels and productivity incentives, and the product type n is entering the harvest period, and we expect the company to return to its mother ' s net profit of 90.5/1258/1679 billion in 2023-2025.
The policy does not match the expected risks, the risk of demand falling short of expectations, the risk of increased industry competition, and the risk of large fluctuations in the prices of raw materials.
The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. This report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views.