Crystal Austrotech (002459.sz) Photovoltaic component integration poles, n-type production is expected to accelerate.
50gw, silicon and battery production capacity is about 80% of component capacity.
In addition, 10 gw crystals and slices on the head (phase II of the 20 gw crystals and slices project), 10 gw slices on the head, 20gw battery in Yangzhou, 10gw battery and 5gw assembly, 10gw battery and 10gw assembly in the east, 10gw slice and 10gw battery in the stone house, 2gw assembly in the United States, first four 5gw module in the bag,
New projects such as 30gw crystals and silicon tablets, 30gw batteries and 10gw components in the New District of Ordos go forward as planned, with 95gw of the company ' s component ' s capacity as of the end of 2023, and about 90% of the component ' s capacity for silicon and battery production.
The company has developed a number of market-friendly new products based on its own R & D strengths. The new N-type group product, Deepblue 4.0pro, based on the new generation of rectangular silicons, was released in 2023, using the high-life low-oxygen content and new-generation dimensions developed autonomously by Crystal Australia.
Type 182mm*199 mm rectangular silicon silicon silicon, superimposed high-efficiency N passivation contact bycium+ battery technology, battery voltage (voc) up to 725mv and battery mass conversion efficiency of 25.6%, while the Deepblue 4.0pro component also integrated high-quality efficiency technologies such as smb technology, high-density encapsulation technology, 72 version assembly powerable
Zhang Wenchen's 630w component is more efficient than 22.5%. The power is better than the 78th edition of the industry series (2465mm*1134mm) and the new version of the work voltage has decreased by 7.6%, reducing the system's bos.
Ben also reduced the heat spot risk of the components. At the same time, the Deepblue 4.0pro component inherited the performance advantage of the Deepblue 4.0x component, with excellent power generation and reliability.
The Deepblue 4.0pro component of bycium+ battery technology has prominent features such as lower decays, better temperature coefficients, higher double-sided gains, better lightlessness.
Crystal Austrotechnics: the main thrust in the integration of photovoltaic components, n-type production, attracting and retaining good talent, fully mobilizing good company managers and core technical (business) cadres, enhancing the core competitiveness of the company, and developing a 2023 stock options and restrictive stock incentives scheme.
Crystal Austrotechnics: Business ownership is growing steadily, n-type, 10,000 shares of restricted stocks, while firm-level performance appraisal targets have been set in the context of future industry and corporate development, and investment proposals: industry loads have continued to rise since photovoltaic prices, and we believe that global demand for photovoltaics remains stable.
With high growth and a reasonably well-placed N-type production capacity released over the second half of the year, with well-developed global channels, we will be able to fully benefit from the major developments in the industry, and we will raise the profit forecast, with the company expected to return a net profit from 2023-2025.