The quality of assets continues to improve, with low valuations of high dividends, and the net difference level and profit rate remain at the top of the row. The net profit rate is maintained as at 29 May 2017.
At the forefront of the big line. The net profit of the agricultural sector grew by 1.86 per cent in 16 years, the highest in the State-owned sector, at 1.87 per cent in a single quarter, with a steady level of profitability.
First in the first row. The net difference of 2.21 per cent in the first quarter was maintained at the highest of the five major lines, with 58.4 per cent of individual deposits in the same quarter, mainly due to the dominance of the local market, and close to 56 per cent of current deposits.
Higher level of industry. Cost revenue is the most significant improvement. In the first quarter, the farm’s revenue fell by 2.06 pc compared to the same period last year, with the largest decline in the five major lines, with a relatively small burden of traditional indebtedness, which benefits from the interest rate of the partner as a lender of money.
All right. By the end of the quarter, the balance of savings in the agricultural sector was 6.1 per cent higher than at the end of the previous year, the balance of loans was 4.1 per cent higher than at the end of the previous year, the rate of increase in deposits and loans was at the forefront of the big line, the rate of increase in deposits was higher than the rate of increase in loans, and the ratio of deposits (although the indicator was not evaluated) was less than 65 per cent.
At the bottom of the five lines, the traditional liabilities have an advantage. On the other hand, the agricultural sector, as a State-owned company, has sufficient liquidity and is a source of money, benefiting fully from the interest rate hike; and market data (29 May 2017).
At the end of the month, the unexpired portfolio was less than 3 billion yuan. The quality of assets continued to improve, with sufficient provision to allow for future profit growth.
The pressure on non-performing loans will be eased in 17 years. The standard for asset quality classification is stricter, with the value of poor/overdue farm practices at the end of 16 years being about 85%, well above middle-line, industry and hand-over; the maximum coverage is in the State-owned major estates.
The estimated coverage is 173.6 per cent, well above other State-owned majors, and, with the expectation of economic stability, bank asset quality pressures have eased and sufficient space has been set aside for profit growth.
Farmers benefit fully from the economic boom, and the quality of the assets is expected to improve, with adequate weekly reports for the industry: the Silver Supervisory Board informs the regulatory priorities, the city of the future profit release space; profitability is at the forefront of the line, with the highest net interest differentials.
High; mpa tests, joint stock listings for inter-employee liabilities, finance for broader credit appraisals, etc. 3.4. Financial and social inclusion data points evaluation: Incorporation of new regulations, with less impact on major banks; highest dividends in listed banks, 17 years
Over-expected, high demand for medium- and long-term credit, off-the-shelf financing, lower risk in the banking system will lead to higher valuations, which we expect to double.