I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
In June 2021, the company’s bus \triangleright \triangleright
The main reasons for this growth, which has been relatively significant and has increased significantly over the previous month, and for the large volume of single-month sales during the same period in 2019, may include: the rehabilitation of domestic tourism passenger and public travel needs, and the release of environmental demand to national demand for stimulus.
Cumulative production and sales have increased on a par, and the gap has continued to narrow over the same period in 2019. In January-June 2021, the demand recovery was strong, with the company ' s terminal bus leading a large and medium passenger vehicle, with the city continuing to take the lead, and active deployment of hydrogen fuel cell passenger vehicles and smart drivers, and further sales of company passenger vehicles are expected to take place.
Basic data: On March 31, 2021, there was a significant increase in the sale of passenger vehicles by type of vehicle on a year-on-year basis and a significant increase in the production and pull effect of large passenger vehicles.
At the industry level, the impact of the epidemic is becoming weaker, adding up to the urbanization drive, and hoping to drive the ongoing demand for buses to release them. The company, as the leader of the bus industry, has a large and medium-sized bus market.
It is expected that the sustained optimization of the product structure and a steady increase in the profitability of the company will be achieved through the continued deployment of the 28th floor of ITC a, 69th West Street, Taiwon City.
7th floor of the Interstate Center, Sanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
16.72 Maintain the corporate “upscaling” rating and expectations; the overseas epidemic continues to spread; downside pressure on the bus market increases; 1. Production and sales continue to grow at a high rate and increase further over the same period.
The same amount, the ring ratio, has been growing considerably, and the previous month has increased significantly over the same period, with single-month sales larger than the same period in 2019, and we believe that the main reasons for this are: the rehabilitation of domestic tourist passenger traffic and public travel industry demand, and the exchange of environmental demand to national demand for stimulus; the same increase in aggregate production sales, which has continued to decrease over the same period in 2019. In January-June 2021, the cumulative sales of company passenger vehicles were 1.03 before.
80.96 per cent, compared to 2019, is still missing, but the gap has narrowed further. The recovery of demand at the end of the industry has been remarkable, with companies leading large and medium passenger vehicles, with the city continuing to lead, and active deployment of hydrogen fuel cell passenger vehicles and smart driving, with a 2.0-per-cent increase in sales of company passenger vehicles, and a significant impact on the pull-out of large buses.
On a car-by-car basis, there has been a significant increase in the sales of passenger vehicles by the same year, and there has been a significant increase in the sales of large passenger vehicles. The output shows that the production of large, medium passenger and light passenger vehicles was 2503, 1975, 880, or 108.93 per cent, 26.52 per cent, 65.73 per cent, respectively, and 2,483, 1984, 889, or 94.90 per cent, 27.59 per cent and 51.97 per cent, respectively, respectively, respectively.
At the industry level, the impact of the epidemic has gradually become weaker, adding up to the urbanization drive, which is expected to boost the ongoing demand for buses. The company, as a bus company, is a passenger company.
(b) High-end products are not as advanced as expected;
3) Overseas operations have not advanced as expected; 4) the overseas epidemic continues to spread; 5) the downside pressure on the bus market has increased.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.