Performance is disturbed by short-term factors, and the growth of the company continues to be appreciated.
In the first half of the year, the value of mineral gold rose and mineral silver fell.
Mineral gold: The weighted average price for the first half of the gold handed over amounted to $389.58/g, an increase of 3.44 per cent over the same period in the previous year. 2) Volume: the amount of gold produced in the first half of the year was higher than expected, the amount of gold produced by the company was higher than in the first half of the year, and the production of gold was higher than in the first half of the year of the Qinghai mine.
The expansion was completed in the course of the year, thereby increasing the production capacity of the plant. Mineral and silver: there was a significant decline in the production of mineral and silver, mainly in the Yu Qiuzu mining industry, which was affected by the epidemic, the Winter Olympics, etc., during the first quarter of the year.
Starting in July, the 3,000-ton plant has been operational and will return to normal production in the second half of the year. Gold harvests have steadily increased, and the Māori rate has remained high.
\triangleright billion yuan, i.e. 86.34% Māori and 57.17% Māori.
At a lower level in the industry, the company continues to be highly profitable. The company is increasing its reserves in the mines, and the Man City gold mines bring new growth points.
About 450,000 tonnes of treatment. 2) Qinghai Great Chaidan: The Golden Dragon Trench area has now started to be mined and, with its high performance going up steadily, the growth of the company ' s gold business - the supply of grade ore has increased and the potential for increased production in the Qinghai region is high. 3) Yulong Mining: Since July, the company has been able to increase production.
2022/04/11 Conversion of the former 1400 tonnes/day plant to 3,000 tonnes/day capacity was successfully operational, adding up to 2,000 tonnes/day capacity and 5,000 tonnes/day of selected minerals in the second half of the year, which are expected to be disposed of in the future by 1.5 million tonnes/year
Ores, with a significant increase in mineral and silver production. 4) The Man City gold mine, acquired in 21 years, has obtained a mining licence and is producing tons of mineral gold, bringing growth to the company, has a greater potential on the periphery of Man City gold and may in the future integrate the company into an increased production of peripheral resources, with an advanced capacity of more than 8 tons.
Investment proposals: multiple factors such as overseas geopolitics, expectations of a recession in the United States continue to drive the price of gold up, \triangleright has a rich stock of corporate resources, expansion projects have steadily increased capacity, the Washington gold mine has gradually resumed production, and we have restructured the company.
\triangleright 1q2 performance growth with lower cost rates during the period
Quarterlyly, in the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved 2,234 million yuan, an increase of 47.86 per cent in the same year and a decrease of 29.93 per cent in the ring ratio; net return to the mother was 274 million yuan, a decrease of 8.99 per cent in the same year and an increase of 16.27 per cent in the ring; and net return to the mother of 2022q2 yuan, a decrease of 73 million yuan in the same quarter.
On a quarterly round-up, the net profit margin ratio of 2022q2 was increased by $18 million, at the core of which is cost and equity. In 2022, the cost of corporate sales, management costs, financial costs were 0.01 billion, 130 million, -02 million, management costs were the largest, sales costs were lower, and financial costs fell to negative seasons.
In terms of financial capacity, H1 realized a net cash gain of $1.21 billion from operating activities in 2022, an increase of 56.59 per cent over the same period, mainly due to prior-period payments of due notes and higher sales in the current period.
As of 30 June 2022, the company ' s carrying cash (including currency cash plus traded capital) was strong, and there was ample scope to expand the company ' s size by using its liabilities to increase the price of high-quality, domestic and foreign gold, silver and zinc, with a slight decline in the volume of production and sales.
The contribution of non-ferrous metal mining dropped slightly by $83.65 million, and trade and other contributions increased significantly by $590 million. In the first half of 2022, the contribution of non-ferrous metal mining fell by $1,785 million, or 4.45 per cent in the same year;
In the first half of 2022, the company's main project actually received $1,795 million, down by $8.347 million from the same period last year. But in the second half of the year, the alloys performed well, reaching $1.490 billion, an increase of 5.55 per cent from the same period last year, and the first half of 2022.
Figure 15: Māori share of company-owned products
The company owns five mining companies, namely, the Yulong mine, the Black River Galaxy, the Jilin Temple, the Qinghai Caydan and the Huaming gold mine. Of these, the Chinese gold mine, which was acquired by the company in September 2021, is currently in a state of suspension and the remaining four are in the process of producing the mine. In addition, the subsidiary, Silver Tae Sung-hong, is a company based on precious gold.
In 2022, there was a 51,81% decline in the same year. 2) The Jilin Temple received $291 million, a 31,83% decline in the same year.
Realising net profits of $8.008 million, a decrease of 50.53 per cent in the same year. 3) The Qinghai Zaydan harvests $598 million, an increase of 22.17 per cent and net profits of $292 million, an increase of 26.68 per cent in the same year.
Figure 18: Net profits from mines (in thousands of yuan)3 Increases in the production of mines, and new growth points from the Man City gold mines.
The company has a total of 13 rights of prospecting (9 gold ore ore ore ore ore ore ore, 4 silver lead or zinc ore ore), 157.9 square kilometres of exploration for the right of prospecting, a total of 1,019.17 million tons of ores (including surface deposits), 170.452 tons of gold ore ore, 7154.06 tons of silver ore, 10.764 million tons of lead or zinc ore ore ore ore ore and copper ore
6.35 million tons and 18.2 million tons of tin and metal. 1) There are 15 prospecting rights for five mining subsidiaries of the company, covering 159.63 square kilometres. 6 silver lead and zinc mineral prospecting certificates for the Yulong mine are available for prospecting.
In 2021, exploration activities were carried out in all four active mines, and the annual exploration investments were close.
The amount of $102 million focuses mainly on the search for areas of the Qinghai Sea with high mining potential. Qinghai Tsaidan is located on the beachside in Qinghai Province.
Mines, peripherals and depths also offer the possibility of further exploration, with the prospect of gradually increasing mine production and extending the duration of the mineral service. (4) Since the launch of the Jillin Temple, continued productive exploration has yielded remarkable results, maintaining a good balance and maintaining a stable resource.
Mining rights have begun drilling work, and industrial bodies have been discovered. Mine technology has been expanded to increase production capacity, and the Man City gold mine has brought new growth points. 1) East Angry Mines: last year's plant conversion was completed, capacity was raised from 750 to 1250 tons per day, resulting in an increase in processing capacity, which is expected to be achieved this year.
40.000 tonnes of treatment. 2) Qinghai Great Chai Chaidan: The amount of treatment per year is 1.2 million tonnes, real gain in 2021, yielding 846.4 million tonnes of capacity, and capacity utilization of over 30% of the upgrading space. And now the Golden Dragon Trench area has started to be mined and, as the supply of high grade ore increases, the Qinghai region has a greater potential for increasing production.)
Mining: Since July, the company ' s original 1,400-ton/day selection plant has been expanded to 3,000-ton/day production capacity and has been successfully operational, with 1.5 million tons of ore disposed of and a significant increase in the production of mineral lead and zinc silver. 4) The Man City gold mine acquired in 21 years has obtained a mining licence and is being applied for a change of 1.2 million tons/year certificate, which is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
According to the company’s official response to the investor’s interactive platform, as of 22 June 2022, the storage of Chinese mining resources in Man City is still in progress.
Work together to facilitate the filing of the resource stock evaluation, which will implement the relevant provisions of the agreement after the stock filing has been completed.4 Profit forecasting and investment proposals The Fed is expected to increase significantly after the non-farm data were overexpected in July, but inflation data in the United States were overtaken by events in July
Expecting a fall or a reduction in their interest hike expectations, taking into account the need for risk avoidance, gold prices, or support, arising from the tense geo-political situation. In the long run, the large excess of central banks’ currencies has led to a reduction in the ratio of gold to central bank assets, resulting in stable demand for currency, and central banks are expected to increase their purchases of gold in the future, at a presumably high rate of innovation in public prices.
The Department's resource reserves are abundant, the expansion project is steadily improving its capacity, the Chinese gold mine is gradually returning, and we have not been able to adjust the company's (1) projects. There are still more projects under way, including the Man City gold mining project and the Qinghai gold mining rights, which still require significant human and material resources and could be countered by the epidemic.
Reciprocal shocks lead to less than expected project progress, when the release pace of production will slow down and the price of metals will drop. Companies produce bulk commodities, prices are transparent, and price fluctuations for copper, gold, zinc, lead, etc., will significantly affect corporate profitability if macroeconomic downturns or large releases of supplies result in a decline in production.
Companies consider the acquisition of high-quality mining resources abroad, increasing their reserves. But it is possible that overseas governments will raise taxes on mining companies or enact laws that are not favourable to mining companies abroad, for example.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective production, and accountability for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or opinions in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.