Silver-Thai gold (000975), non-ferrous metals, short-term performance disturbed, gold plate growth continued, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company released its annual 2022 semi-annual report, which generated operating income of $3.994 billion in the first half of 2022, with unexpected factors affecting performance, and is expected to catch up with it in the second half of the year. According to the company’s semi-annual report, the fall in net corporate profits was mainly due to higher raw materials prices and higher production costs; the Yulong mining industry suffered from the Beijing Winter Olympics and winter Olympics.
In the second half of the year, 3,000 tons of selected minerals from the expansion of the Yulong mine have been put into production, plus 2,000 tons of original capacity, and the company will be able to make up for the decline in production in the first half of the year, which is expected to occur in the second half of the year.
According to the gold business, the cost of gold operations is expected to decrease in the second half of the year, with the increase in the number of gold deposits in the Black River, the rise in the grade of the Great Chaidan, and the overall increase in the level of preparedness for the disease. The return to production in Hua Shenzhen is proceeding in an orderly manner, and the gold plate is growing.
In 2021, the company acquired Man City’s Chinese gold mine, and according to an independent technical report from Srk, China’s gold mine retention control plus extrapolated resource volume of 2,320.5 million tons, gold and metal volume of 70.67 tons, with an average grade of 3.04 g/ton, and mining certificates of 1.2 million tons/year are being pushed forward.
Real interest rates are guided by the most effective pricing model for gold, with recessionary pressures, and the Fed is expected to slow down on the margins of q4, and can do so.
In the context of the source transition, the long-term inflation hub is expected to remain high, with real interest rates expected to fall first, at gold nuggets or consistent with market expectations of the Fed’s monetary policy.
In the second half of the year, it is expected to catch up, and in the second half, it is expected to catch up. According to the company ' s annual report of 2022 and a half, business income of $3.994 billion was achieved in the first half of 2022, an increase of 14.53 per cent; and the net profit of the parent was achieved.
The decline was due mainly to the increase in the price of raw materials and higher production costs; the inability of the Yulong mine to purchase explosives owing to the Beijing Winter Olympics and winter Olympics; and the equal decline in sales of the Jilin Temple affected by the epidemic. In the second half of the year, 3,000 tons of selected minerals from the Yu Dragon mine expansion have been put into production, which, together with the original 2,000 tons of production capacity, will enable the company to move ahead.
The gold operation is expected to reduce the cost of gold operations in the second half of the year as the volume of mining in the Black River rises, the grade of the Great Zaydan and the overall level of preparedness for the epidemic rises. The Māori rate drops slightly, and the gold business rises further.
The Māori rate for all company products has declined, but it is still a leader in the industry. By section, the Māori rate for alloys is 57.17 per cent, for alloys 53.96 per cent, for alloys, 42.71 per cent for lead copper concentrates, 43.27 per cent for zinc concentrates and 42.80 per cent for lead concentrates.
The share of profits increased further, with gross profits achieved in the first half of 2022 alloy operations reaching $852 million, rising to 85.56 per cent of the company’s total gross profits in the first half of the year. Corporate costs declined steadily, and asset liabilities were lower than industry averages.
Gold price drivers vary over time. In the 50 years since the break-up of the Bretton Woods system, gold has gone through the three-wheel cow market (1972-1980, 2002-2012, 2019-to-date), price hubs have continued to rise, and London gold prices have become more focused from $35/ounce at the time of the Bretton Woods system to the current $1,800/ounce vicinity.
The rise in inflation and the relative depreciation of the United States dollar in the first decade of the century were the main drivers, and the expansion of investment instruments also had an impact on gold prices, with the drivers of gold prices gradually shifting to real interest rates over the last decade. Real interest rates have been the main determinant of gold prices in recent years.
Financing, holding gold at an opportunity cost, real interest rates are seen as potential natural economic growth rates, and market costs are seen as holding gold. The correlation between the ten-year rate of return on US inflation index and gold price movements is as high as -0.86, and the two up-to-date cycles of gold in the last two decades (2009-2012, 2019-2020) are also true.
Real interest rates are expected to drive up gold prices. Under recessionary pressure, the Fed’s interest-rate increase is slowing down on the margins of q4 and, in the context of the energy transition, the long-term inflation hub is expected to remain high, with real interest rates expected to fall at the top.
Figure 7: Historical trends in gold prices (US$/ounce) Figure 8: Gold shows strong negative correlation with real interest rates
The company currently owns five mining companies, namely, the Jade Dragon Industry, the Black River Silver Teit, the Jilin Temple, the Qinghai Big Zaydan and the Washington Gold Mine.
The gold ore is gold ore, and the dragon ore is lead and silver ore ore. The precious metal ore under the company’s flag is large and high-grade and ensures firm performance and high risk resistance when prices for non-ferrous metals are subject to sharp fluctuations in the international economic environment.
The company’s gold production is growing steadily, and the production of other metals is expected to increase. The company’s acquisition of the Man City’s Chinese gold mine will contribute 8.3 tons, 11.3 tons and 13.3 tons, respectively (in 2022, without taking into account the Man City’s production), and the three-year compound year production will be disrupted by temporary factors, with a limited increase in production expected, with silver lead and zinc production expected to rise after 2023.
In 2021, the pre-amortization cost of the company’s mineral gold business was only $117.8/g, and after amortization was $148.8/g, and the unit cost was basically at the lowest level in the industry. In the first half of 2022, the cost of gold rose slightly to $158/g, but remained low in the industry.
Among them, the Milky Way Cheyenne gold mine is one of the most high-grade, easy-to-select gold mines in the country, with gold as high as 8.55g/tonne in 2021, with high grade benefits lower than costs. 2) The company owns gold deposits deep and deep, with an average mining depth of 200-300 metres, with a smaller amount of work and low depreciation costs.
The average cost of the company ' s gold business is expected to decrease further. Figure 10: Gold unit cost and forecast ($/gram)
Figure 9: Gold sales and expected (tons) other metal operations: based on the company ' s production progress, it is assumed that the company ' s sales of silver in 2022-2024 increased by 220 tons, 260 tons, 260 tons, zinc, lead concentrate and the same proportion of silver sales; industrial metals were affected by the price movement of silver lead and zinc
As a result, the price focus for 2023-2024 is expected to shift downwards, with the same costs, after the price hub rises in 2022. Trading operations: assuming that the size of trade operations and the level of Māori remain stable. On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company ' s sub-operational income for 2022-2024 as follows:
We have selected four gold companies, Akashi gold, Shandong gold, Hengzhou shares, and Chinese gold, as comparable companies, with an average of 25/20/17x for the 2022-2024 convergence scenario. Given the elasticity of the company’s performance, the price of gold has fallen dramatically, and the project is not working as expected.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.
As of 1 July 2017, you will not receive, subscribe to, or use any of the information in this report if you are not a contracted customer of your own company, in order to control investment risk. Nor will your company be considered a customer for receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information, opinions and assumptions reflect only the firm ' s judgement as of the date of publication of this report. The prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report can rise and past performance should not be used as a basis for future performance.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.