Securities Communications Group
On the evening of 30 October, the company released its three-monthly report for 2022. During the reporting period, the company achieved revenues of $361,084 million, an increase of 18.25 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net profit of $11,796 million to the mother.
The company’s q3 harvest continued at a high rate of q2 and generated $135,823 million in a single season, an increase of 24.24 per cent over the same period. With the advantage of size, profitability continued to improve, with Māori rates and net interest rate rings rising by 1.34 pp and 0.61 pp in the third quarter, leading to a return.
The cost rate is 1.03 per cent higher than the rate of 32.42 billion yuan per season for R & D in the construction of the protected city river. 2. " The effects of the intelligent manufacturing tap have continued to emerge - the three cost circles have remained largely equal - a marked improvement over the same period, with 3q22 selling/management/research and development fees.
3. Actively Distributed Industrial Internet, Highlighting Smart Manufacturing, Genesis’s flagship scale effects continue to appear. Three major industries have innovative layouts, and long-term development of dynamic energy is sufficient. Cloud computing servers, memory items maintain the world.
Leading and extending to the data centre’s energy direction, introducing modular servers, high-efficiency (hpc) and idc cooling solutions. Industrial Internet continues to export, enabling customers are transformed, and five world-class lighthouse plants, nine green plants, and more than 10 are now in place.
“Wise Factory”, a cumulative service of 8 major industries, over 1,300 enterprises; of the communications and mobile network equipment, the wifi6/6e and 5g-related products continue to grow, with vehicle-borne products expanded from the cabin + network module to the chassis and sub-car chargerator.
Watching corporate industrial Internet transformation accelerates, horizontal growth opens up a second growth curve. idc predicts that by 2023, the digital economy will be at 62% of the global gdp. The company has achieved full coverage of five broad categories of the digital economy, with revenue expected to continue to rise in double digits.
A second growth curve is opened to multi-sector operations such as smart manufacturing and investment strategy expansion semiconductors, which are expected to further consolidate the dominant advantage of the supply chain, client resources based on scale effects.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment