The performance of the same period was high, and the three major industries continued to break through on November 02nd, 2022.
q3 recorded a new high and a steady increase in profitability during the same period. \triangleright’s high-grade new products were sold and net profits were all higher during the same period.q3 quarter Māori rate of 7.61 per cent, compared to the same period.
-0.91pc, ring +1.34pc; net interest rate 3.63%, same +0.29pc, ring +0.62pc. The original cost impact is reduced, the supply chain capacity plus cost control capacity is highlighted under the build-up-scale effect of the company, the profitability indicators such as gross interest rate/net interest rate have been steadily raised, and the cost control effectiveness of the company continues to be evident, while at the same time
The three major industries continue to break through, accelerating the transition to the industrial Internet. Cloud computing: on the product side, companies maintain a global lead in cloud computing and corporate servers, memory deposits;
Roll out modular servers, high-efficiency hpc and advanced cooling solutions for data centres; companies continue to promote research and development to the ground, working with clients to develop the latest generation of cloud game machine cabinets. Open with strategic partners.
S01052209005 Launching autopilot electronic control module (ecu), development of du acceleration cards adapted to specific telecommunications applications, end-of-end cloud, and closer communication structures are more complete and mature and ready for delivery at the end of the year. The energy saving + green energy data centre will be rolled out.
1. Communications and mobile network equipment: benefits from the widening application of 5g, the rapid growth of wifi6/6e and 5g-related products, and the mid-2022 evaluation of the Industrial Wealth Federation (601138.sh):
With regard to smart cabins, the 5g+ car network application is more flexible, the smart cabin is performing well, cloud computing and the industrial Internet are increasing with a variety of products such as multimedia, video, and the 5g car network module.
2. Industrial enrichment (601138.sh) is reported in the first quarter of 2022.
Steaking and expanding the market for medium- and high-end products while exploring electric vehicles, new materials, semiconductors, medical equipment and equipment
Industrial Internet: at the end of the product and solution, companies have been selected for national industrial connectivity for the fourth year in a row. 3. Industrial Union (601138.sh) Annual Report 2021.
Queries: Reverse performance growth, horizontal expansion leads to the construction of a second-growth “smart factory.” Clients, corporate clients, cover eight major industries, and service firms exceed 1,300 curves - 2022/03/23.
Home. With horizontal expansion of new areas of business + deepening vertical cooperation with leading clients, revenue collection is expected to maintain a double position 4. Industrial wealth conglomerate (601138): overall business is good and business growth is high, making it an important growth pole for companies.
Investment Recommendations: Keeping in view the growth/industrial use of the Internet by corporate owners and looking forward to the profit from the scale effect \triangleright industry's demand for the Internet has fallen short of expectations.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.