The growth in internal sales is better than the industry, and the structure of overseas operations is optimized - the performance rating was reported in mid-2024.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2024, achieving business income of 217,274 million in the first half of 2024.
The U.S. sector is ranked first in nine categories, including desktop microwaves, desktop electric ovens, electromagnetic stoves, electric heaters, electric fans, hot water kettles, air cookers, and so on, both on and off the national line. Sub-products, America's 2024h1 smart households earn $14.7 billion, an increase of 11% compared to the new energy and industrial technologies.
Revenues from technology increased by 17.1 billion yuan, or 26 per cent, from the same year; revenues from smart construction technology increased by 15.7 billion yuan, or 6 per cent from the same year, mainly due to changes in national heat pump subsidy policies and the continuing decline in energy prices in Europe, with 18 per cent growth in the same category of goods other than heat pumps; and revenues from robotics and automation decreased by 13.9 billion yuan, or 9 per cent from the same year, from the major home countries.
The expansion of the manufacturing capacity of domestic and domestic automobiles has been suspended, and there has been an adjustment in the product strategy of overseas automobile manufacturers.
Foreign revenues amounted to $91,076 million, an increase of 13.09 per cent over the same period, and offshore operations entered the transition period. Product structural upgrading + overseas ownership of branding, and continued improvement in profitability: companies continued to advance product technology planning at the high end of the brand, and the structural upgrading of enabling products, January-May 2024, companies in Asia-Pacific City
The average increase in sales of high- and medium-end products is nearly 20% higher. Companies adhere to the “obm first” strategy, promoting the differentiation and competitiveness of their own branded products, continuing to build international logistics delivery capacity for overseas brand manufacturing, channels and customer services, and exporting from their global production bases.
The cumulative shipment volume of 2024h1 increased by more than 20% on a year-by-year basis, while the sales earnings of overseas power suppliers increased by 50% on a year-by-year basis with investment proposals: companies actively promoted product structural upgrading, accelerated overseas ownership, strengthened overseas soilization, and expected continued improvement in profitability.
I am committed to presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.