It's a beautiful group of home appliances that grow up and make a good profit, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
This represents an increase of 14.3 per cent in the single quarter, when q2 companies realized 11,164 million yuan, an increase of 10.4 per cent in the same year; net returns to mothers were realized at $11.8 billion, an increase of 15.8 per cent in the same year; net returns to non-repatriated mothers were realized at $10.94 billion; sales-led growth led by smart households laid the foundation.
In a broader context, corporate revenues continue to grow at two rapid rates, which we believe to be due mainly to the following factors: 1. Subregionally, external sales have contributed to overall growth. Corporate sales within and outside of 204h1 have generated $126.2 billion in external sales, respectively.
One hundred and fifty-five hundred and forty-four hundred and eighty-three million yuan, or +10.3%/+10.3%/+6%, respectively. The largest smarter in the business as a whole achieved 11% growth, setting the tone for the growth in corporate income.
From 1.9 to 27.1 per cent, the company was able to maintain a steady increase in the price of heating air-conditioning/consumable appliances/robots, automation systems and other manufacturing materials against a background of a relatively large increase in the price of the same materials, and we assumed that it was mainly the positive effect of product structure upgrades, reflecting the company's move to upgrade the consumer brand.
In terms of cost rates, H1 sales/management/finance/research and development rates in 2024, respectively, were on a positive cycle with the same rise in the Māori rate, with R & D inputs building the product base, marketing costs, and inputs favourable to branding; net interest rates increased by 0.4 pp to the same rate for H1 in 2024.
The company’s low-end consumption and cost-side upswing phase, maintaining a bright growth rate that fully reflects the soundness of the lead company through the cycle, is projected to be high in the company’s 2024-2026 eps red history (2024-04-01).
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.