In mid-2018, China reported losses of $375 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, a corresponding loss of $10.2 million.
A rapid recovery in the utilization of the company drilling platform is expected to reverse the decline in the platform’s daily costs in the future. The company drilling platform’s operating days have increased by 28.7 per cent over the year, with 95.2 per cent over the same year for semi-submarine platforms that are used for deep water with fewer global holdings, 15.8 per cent over the same period for self-upgrade platforms and upswing at a rate of 15.8 per cent over the same period.
Lower platform fees make offshore exploration exploitation by oil companies attractive, leading to an increasing use of platforms. In the future, the market for offshore drilling will be priced at a higher price if demand is not forthcoming.
In the first half of the year, China's net profits increased by 56.78%, reaching $25,477 million, up from three years, adding up to the current month.
The Secretary-General's important directive on energy security will lead to an increase in domestic investment in oil and gas exploration and development, the benefits of which are most evident in the company's original oil net proven to be the largest recoverable in the country.
The company has a domestic market advantage in giving the oilfields a space to develop and operate on a growing scale with investments in recent years, with business earnings surpassing the drilling plates for the first time in history, and is expected to earn half of the company's share in the future.
The valuation will be significantly enhanced by the move of the platform service provider to the International Integrated Oil Fields Service. The company benefits from the increase in China’s oil capital expenditure and is in the context of the recovery in the utilization of the platform, which is located in the West Side on 28 Journey Street.
The demand for finished oil has fallen dramatically, and the oil and gas reform program has not been implemented.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Test Zone, 17th Floor, China Sea International Center, 17th Floor.
The company's clients (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) use the information of legal compliance to produce this report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.