Events: On April 29, Eastern Electric published a 24-year quarterly report. 24q1 achieved business gross revenue of $15.53 billion, compared to the growth of Liu Xiaoning.
The Māori rate continues to rise, with a slight increase in the cost rate and a positive return in operating cash flow. The company ' s overall Māori rate of 24q1 is 18.69 per cent, an increase of about 1.38 ptt over 23 q1, an increase of 0.86 ptt over 23 years, and a continuous increase in Māori rates, which is expected to be associated with an increase in the size of the revenue from the fire panels and the level of Māori rates.
The first quarter since Liu Xiaoning has returned to normal, mainly due to cash received for the sale of commodities and a significant increase in the amount of $1350523120003 in the deposits of clients and co-locations of financial companies
One billion shares (5.35 per cent of the total energy power stock in Kawakawa) were held by the buying company, which held 20 per cent of the share in the energy wind power at $1.294 billion, and which had a significant impact on the net profit performance of the mother, with 24q1 non-recurring earnings - $150 million, approximately $65 million (primarily government subsidies and asset impairments) over the same period last year.
The order performance was excellent, with more than 30% growth in clean and efficient energy equipment. The 24q1 company added $26,329 million, down 11.60% from the previous year.
The nuclear power and electricity industry is booming and load growth is more supportive of coal demand, and subsequent performance is expected to continue. The company is the core supplier of traditional power supply equipment in my \triangleright country, with a good competitive pattern. For the second year in 22, 23 years, we have approved 10 nuclear power units.
Both have been at the highest levels since 2008, and nuclear power and electricity have remained at a high level since the approval of the pump-loader over 130gw in 22, 23 years. We have a strong demand for electricity, with the Federation predicting an increase of about 100 million kilowatts in its maximum load over 24 years, which is more supportive of the demand for coal power.
Profit predictions and ratings: Under the double-carbon target, energy transformation offers vast development space for upstream technologically superior equipment enterprises. Xu, as well as three-fold power from power sources, and Golden Wind technology, as comparable companies, are valued, compared to an average of 17, 13, and 12 times the average per-pe over 24-26 years, covering the first-time “buy-in” rating.
The selection of Xu relays, which are the same as the head of electrical equipment, as well as the three-fold power of electrical equipment, the Golden Wind technology as comparable companies, each of the three companies with an average of 17 times, 13 times and 12 times the average of pe in 2024-2026, takes into account the company's expanding operations in the storage and hydrogen domain, covering for the first time an “buy-in” rating.
The increase in electricity use across society is not as fast as expected: demand on the side of the power supply is essentially determined by the increase in demand for electricity on the side of the society as a whole, and demand on the side of the power supply is likely to fall, affecting the company's future income; factors affect construction that may not be as fast as expected;
Flexibility adaptation is less than expected: Flexibility adaptation is encouraged by national policies, but its implementation is somewhat related to price reform, which could affect the Flexibility Transformation Prospects if it is not smooth. Table: Eastern Electric Balance Sheet (millions)
Table: Eastern Electrical Profit Statement (millions) Table: Eastern Electrical Cash Flow Statement (millions) points accurately reflect my personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers.
Such a report shall be produced in an objective manner and without any part of my remuneration having been, or being directly or indirectly linked to, the specific investment opinions or opinions expressed in this report.