The company's 23-year growth in performance was the result of an increase in revenues from clean and efficient energy equipment operations, with the related operations achieving revenue in 2023.
This growth has led to an increase in the gross profit rate of the business block; the non-net profit loss of q4 is mainly due to wind and power market competition leading to a net loss of profits from wind and wind operations. Billion dollars, or +16.42%, of which clean and efficient energy equipment is continuously rising.
According to the National Energy Agency, by the end of 2023, the country had a cumulative capacity of 2.92 billion kilowatts of installed power, of which the heat was heavy.
In 2023, the entire population used 9.2 trillion kilowatt-hours (kWh), compared with 6.7 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) and 48 per cent of the total amount of electricity generated by the coal-fired power generation, which accounted for 69.95 per cent of the total amount of electricity generated in the country. In 2023, the entire population used 9.2 trillion kilowatt-hours (kWh) and + 6.7 per cent of the total, with the Union predicting a total of 9.8 trillion kWh (kWh) in 2024, which is equal to +6 per cent.
Electricity is more stable, with large-scale access to the grid from new energy sources, with greater volatility, and fire power plays a role as a back-up, system-regulating, emergency backup, driving up demand and loading. According to Greenpeace data, new coal power projects were approved in 2022 and the first half of 2023, with 90716,000 kilowatts and 50.4 million kilowatts, respectively.
At the end of 2024, coal power will be about 1.2 billion kilowatts, and the model for the new start-up project is expected to remain high. The city led the construction of the power plant, which has accelerated the construction of nuclear power, with orders full of increased profitability.
Power, combustion, nuclear power) orders have been raised significantly by the same year +57%, and stove and power packages have grown by more than 100% over the same year. As the country’s demand for electricity continues to rise and investment in electricity works has accelerated, coal turbines, gas turbines, reserve orders have grown, renewable energy and emerging energy sources have continued to develop.
The market for power generation equipment, such as nuclear power turbines, is promising. It benefits from the high demand for power from the fire, the price of the equipment has risen, the public Eastern Electric (600875.sh) - the electricity from the fire has been rebooted, the market for electricity from the fire is leading, the coal power market is 38%, the orders are fully delivered, and the production and sales are on par.
In the case of gas and electricity equipment, the company’s market position remains the highest, and the project to upgrade the manufacturing capacity of the combustion engine continues, accelerating the conversion of critical components of the heavy combustion engine to home-grown capacity.
Nuclear power approvals have accelerated, and the company's leading technology is advanced. According to the 14th Five-Year Plan for a Modern Energy System, 70 million kilowatts of nuclear power is expected to be installed by 2025, and 26 units are being built, with a total capacity of 303 million kilowatts. In 2022, 2023, we approved nuclear power units.
A group of 10 units, with significant policy support, accelerated construction of nuclear power, and five new nuclear power units opened in 2023, with an investment of $94.9 billion, the highest level in the last five years. Coastal and new generation nuclear power technologies are industry-focused, with 40 per cent of companies in the first place, taking over the mountains.
Three major nuclear power projects (six units) in East Rock Island Bay, Fujianinde and Liaoning Tsui Fort have several major equipment development missions, and the Department has the capability to supply nuclear island master equipment packages in bulk, to acquire new prototypes such as lead and cryogenic piles, and to continue to promote four generations of nuclear power research and development.
At the end of 2023, the engine unit of the Eastern power pumper had full hand orders totalling $9,085 million.
The company has access to two wind-fired and direct-drive technology routes, and is continuing to develop offshore wind-power technologies, resulting in 18 megawatts of direct off-line offshore wind power units. Solar power generation operations continue to develop, with the acquisition of solar thermal power projects and multi-energy smelting salts.
With regard to hydrogen energy operations, the company ' s hydrogen fuel cell power generation system is leading the technology and successfully completed the first global pilot of ocean wind-free desalination hydrogen. In 2023, the company won 70 hydrogen-energy logistics demonstration projects and the country ' s largest green power system.
A commercial hydrogen storage power project. Given that the domestic hydrogen energy industry is still in its early stages, compared to the fuel cell sales of the previous year, and that the company’s hydrogen energy business is less productive and less profitable, we recommend that the company separates the hydrogen energy plate from the whole business or operates independently after the production/storage/application split.
Investment proposals and profit projections: high demand for fire and electricity equipment, full company orders and high market share; relatively competitive renewable energy industry; promising growth prospects for the hydrogen energy sector, with companies developing new industries such as hydrogen, creating new performances, figure 2 company net profit returns in recent years (millions of yuan)
Figure 32021-present quarterly collections (millions of yuan) Figure 5 Māori rates and net interest rates in recent years Figure 6 R & D inputs and percentages in previous years (billions)
Figure 7 Sub-business receipts and Māori ratios (millions of dollars)
Figure 9 Total and projected domestic electricity use (millions of kWh)
Financial statements and financial indicators (in millions of yuan) in the field of machinery, steel, etc., have been studied in depth in technology and periodicity, and continuous in-depth research has been carried out in the areas of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation. The team has focused on research in the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium, and storage, and has devoted limited energy to serving more markets at level I and II levels, where the country's needs are met, the industry is flourishing, and the people have faith.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to another person.