Operating income +3.34 per cent (previous three quarters + 3.37 per cent); annualized weighting of roe 10.80 per cent, year-round +7bp. Performance increased by double digits and collection performance was more robust in mid-2022.
Quarters are almost equal; the same-year net profit returns have increased double digits again, at a slightly slower rate than in the previous three quarters, and the Wang Dynasty 1.19 pct. The profit rate has remained resilient mainly through the provision of counter-breeding and scale expansion, while the margin has slowed at a slower rate than the previous three quarters.
The net interest margin ratio has improved, with a negative two-way optimization.
1bp (a reduction in net interest differentials for share-based commercial banks by 3bp over the same period). According to our calculations, the company’s net interest differentials have improved against the market, thanks to a combination of negative driving forces. Structurally, the ratio of loans to interest-bearing assets at the end of q4 and savings to interest-bearing liabilities
The percentage rises by 88bp and 1.39pcc, respectively, to the end of q3. Upwards in credit, companies increase their credit support to priority regions and industries, inclusive finance, manufacturing, medium- and long-term, strategic and emerging industries, and green credit \triangleright
We expect that the quality of the company’s assets will improve steadily. The market shares are low. The company intends to sell three shares per 10 shares to all of the a-shares.
The total amount of funds does not exceed $40 billion, all of which will be used to supplement core-level capital, after deducting the associated distribution costs. With future stock allocation and recapitalization, capital will be effectively replenished at all levels, with the hope that corporate business development will be freed from constraints, open up growth space, and contribute to long-term corporate growth.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Companies are moving forward in the direction of “light development” and “value creation” and are investing in three core competencies: wealth management, asset management, integrated financing, with significant benefits in terms of income spreads and profits. The year 2023 was the year of the company's “new three-year development plan”, with the company's fundamental resilience.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, Figure 1: Collections and performances increase at the same rate, Figure 2: Cumulative performance increase at the same rate vs. Industry level as a whole
Figure 6: Negative rates vs. Industry Figure 7: Subsidized coverage vs. Industry Figure 8: Growth in scale and rate of increase
He was a former Deputy Director-General of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry and a former Director-General of the Guanghai Leasing Operations Department. He joined the Sino-Kindu Securities and Development Centre in November 2019. Liao Yijuan, Master ' s degree from the National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts from Zhejiang University.
In November 2022, you joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for banking research.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.