Ningbo Bank (002142.sz): Brief analysis: Good performance in the first half of the year, attributed to stronger risk buffers and base tax exemptions
Our expectations are 2% higher than those projected in the Bloomberg market. The small business profits before the core provision were lower than expected, offset by the decline in the renminbi rate (which benefited from base investment). The capital adequacy rate at the core level increased to 8.87% in the first half of the year, and the credit provision coverage reached 499.32%. We believe that the Bank is performing well and operating indicators are steadily improving.
But the net difference is still weak from the same point of view. Given that the Unit’s risk returns are less attractive than co-workers and that the up-front space is largely consistent with the bank shares we cover, we believe that its current valuation is adequate, and therefore maintains a neutral rating.
Our calculations show that the Ningbo bank net difference was 1.69% in the first half of the year, a decline of 24 basis points in the same year, a rise of 6 basis points in the ring, an increase of 4 basis points in the asset return ratio and a decrease of 1 basis point in the financing cost by 10 basis points in the same year. We believe that the increase in the cost of financing has constrained the spread of the spread of interest rates, for reasons that can be explained by a decrease in the return of assets by 3 basis points in the same year.
The credit spread in the first half of the year was 3.66 per cent, with a decline of four basis points in the ring, mainly due to a five basis point increase in the cost of deposits due to increased deposit competition. 2) Inter-operability financing, including negotiable deposit orders, accounted for 32 per cent of total financing liabilities in the first half of the year, an increase of 1 per cent in the ring, while peer financing cost increased by 24 basis points, mainly subject to relatively higher costs.
In the first half of the year, non-interest income was RMB 4,968 million, a decrease of 5% from the 35%/ring increase.
It is expected that this share of revenue will remain at the current level, as the base rate of return should be stable, despite falling interest rates. Moreover, the base is tax-free in the current system, which leads to lower real tax rates (from 14 per cent in the first half of 17 to 1.6 per cent in the first half of 18), thus contributing to higher profits.
In addition to the fact that the rate of non-performing lending generated in the first half of the year continued to decline to 0.29 per cent (12 basis points below the ring), we see that the cost of credit in the first half of the year was 1.61 per cent, 32 basis points lower than in the second half of 2017, and given the transparentness of the Ningpo Bank ' s asset liability and the ample risk buffer, we believe that the Bank has greater scope to reduce the cost of credit and release profits.
Therefore, investors should take into account that their company may have a conflict of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report and should not consider this report as the only bank (002142.sz) that makes investment decisions: capital money is replenished; and the following: deterioration in the quality of assets, tightening controls on the basis of the goods, and the cost of financing negotiable deposit orders
Ningpo Bank (002142.sz) Net market rate per share (rmb) (x)
(x) Ningbo Bank (002142.sz) himself, Yang Suk, ph.d. hereby states that all views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the company or its securities. Furthermore, any part of my salary is not, is not, is not, and is not.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility. The length, return and valuation multipliers are calculated using several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. Then we rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two with a medium probability (15-30%) and three with a lower probability of representation.
Quantum quantum is a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison with gssustain between firms in different industries and markets
The gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gsssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well vis-à-vis their global counterparts over the long term, based on excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risk to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
Yang Suk, ph.d.: Chinese Finance. Tang Wai City, cfa:a coupons, Chinese coupons, a coupons: Chinagalaxysecuritiesco. (a), Chinamerchantssecuritiesco. (a), citicsecuritiesco. (a), everbrightsecuritiesco. (a), gf securitiesco. (a), Guotajunansecuritiesco. (a), haitongsecuritiesco. (a), huataisecuritiesco. (a), orientsecuritiesco. (a)
Chinese coupons: Chinagalaxysecuritiesco. (h), China InternationalcapicalCorp., Chinamerchantssecuritiesco. (h), cicsecuritiesco. (h), csc financialco., everbrightsciencesco. (h), gfsecuritiesco. (h), Guotajunansecuritiesco. (h), haitongsecuritiesco. (h), waataisecuritiesco. (h), orientsecuritiesco. (h).
China ' s finance: agriculturenalbankofchina (a), agriculturenalbankofchina (h), bankofchina (a), bankofcommunifications (h), bankofcommunisations (h), bankofnjing, bankofnfningbo, chinacisicbank (a), chinacisicbank (h), chinaconstructionbank (a), chinaconstructionbank (h), chinaeverbrightbank (a), chinaeverbrightbank (h), chinamerchantsbank (a), chinamerchantsk (a), chinamerchantsbank (h)
Chonggürnalcommercialbank, Haaxiabank, icbc(a), icbc(h), indexralbank,lexintintechholds, pinganbankco., statutory savingsbankofchinaco., shanghaidundongdevelopmentbank, vcredectoldings.
Goldman Sachs has received payments for investment banking services from the following companies over the past 12 months: Bankofningbo (rmb16.03) Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek payments for investment banking services from the following companies over the next three months: Bankofningbo (rmb16.03) Goldman Sachs has an investment banking relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: bankofningbo (rmb16.03)
Company ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Return decisions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has a dynamic rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of purchase and sale ratings in each industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
The investment rating of these stocks has changed, to be eliminated. Ratings (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the issuance of reports. Investment ratings and price targets (if any) for such stocks previously set will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Research (cs): We have already suspended
On August 22, 2018, Ningpo Bank (002142.sz) suspended its research on the company. No (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.