Roe up to 20%, asset quality controls in place High Roe ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups in the second quarter. Roe ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups. Ningpo q2
The net return profit increased by 19.65 per cent over the same period, at a rate almost equal to that of q1. Research assistant Jiang Jiang Song Soon-won has further improved profitability.
Net interest income: q2 single quarter q1 increased significantly. Middle-income: fees and commission revenue were delayed by agent operations in the first half of the year. Net interest difference ring q1 increased significantly, benefiting from base compression, higher loan returns and better liabilities.
The net interest gap for the first half of the year was 1.81 per cent, a significant recovery from q1 in the 13bps. With the introduction of the Great Risk Exposure Management Scheme, the remaining investment assets, credit alternatives to the IMF, contributed to the recovery of the two-quarter interest margin. In addition, since the second half of 17 years, Ningpo Bank’s loan returns have increased.
The asset and liability structure: loans on deposit are growing steadily, and the investment end reduces the base.
Of the total assets, 62% were added to the consumer loans, while the remaining 38% were predominantly business loans, rising further to 19.25%.
A total of 29.3 billion dollars has been added to the finance, management and trust scheme, and the public time-to-period increase in the share of joint savings costs has increased. The partner liability has been reduced by about 65 billion dollars, down to the asset quality: controls are in place and indicators have been continuously improved. The rate of unsound production has declined significantly.
At the end of June, Ningpo Bank was at a poor rate of 0.8%, a further decline of 1 bp from the end of March. The negative balance was about 3,025 million yuan, a slight increase of 106 million by the end of March. The quality of the write-offs continued to improve. The asset quality controls were put in place, and the gap in the reverse scissors continued to improve. At the end of June, it was overdue.
1 Ningpo Bank Quarterly Report: more than 90 days of stock-based disturbances, a decline of 0.05 pc to 0.59 per cent compared with the end of 17 years, is expected to be more stringent for the best standards of listed banks and tight asset quality controls.
In the second quarter, the Ningpo Bank loan allocation was increased by 550 million, with a base of q1 and Bank Ningpo: operational characteristics, high or so, and is expected to be the highest level of listing.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Ningpo Bank is sound, flexible and profitable. Assets quality controls are tight, poor/over-90-day loans have increased significantly, and the “reverse scissors” have continued to improve. Indicators continue to improve, and poor production rates continue to decline and provision has been made.
Figure 2: Interest income and non-interest income of Ningpo Bank as a percentage of Ningpo Bank
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board