The Ningpo Bank’s recovery rate, the sound quality of assets, the high profitability of companies, the growth rate of performance, and the roe level are all at the forefront of the industry.
The total assets of the company and the size of the credit have been growing faster, and the quality of the assets has been at the forefront of the industry, but there is a continuing need to focus on the impact of the Chinese-American trade war on the quality of the bank’s assets and maintain a higher rating.
The return on investment increased at a low base during the same period last year. In terms of the main business, the corporate credit spread improved and the asset allocation adjustment co-opted up.
1.81 per cent, up from 1 quarter (1.68 per cent), and we believe that the improvement in corporate interest differentials is due to better book spreads, as a result of joint stockholdings and abs, and because the company base gains are not accounted for in net interest income, adjustments in asset allocation have reduced the impact of the base on interest differential disturbance and resulted in an improvement in book differentials (2).
At the end of the two seasons, Bank Ningbo’s bad-rate ring comparison accounts for between 4.1 percentage points and 74.1 per cent of the downside of the year. We measure the company’s end-of-season provision coverage at 499 per cent, well above the industry average.
The downside of the economy has led to a deterioration in the quality of assets, and financial regulation has been over-expected.
I'm so excited, I'm so excited, I'm so excited, I'm getting more and more and more, and Roe's keeping the industry in the lead.
Ningpo Bank ' s net profits continued to grow faster in the first half of 2018, rising by 19.6 per cent over the same period, annualized the Roe by 11bps to 20.4 per cent, and maintained a leading position in the industry. The company ' s annual revenues increased by 9.79 per cent in the first half of the year, by 7.49 percentage points over the first quarter, mainly as a result of the higher investment returns in the same period as last year ' s low base.
Improved loan spreads, recovery of asset allocation co-promotion spreads 1.81 per cent in the first six months of Ningpo Bank, up from 1.68 per cent in the first quarter, and we believe that there are three reasons for the improvement in corporate interest differentials: (1) the loss of base disturbances: the company reduced its base in the first half of the year while increasing joint stock cards and abs, end-of-season fund investment
The base gains are not included in net interest income, and the asset allocation adjustments have reduced the base ' s impact on interest spreads, resulting in an improvement in book spreads. (2) Improved corporate credit spreads: 3.84 per cent in the first half of the year was higher than in 2017 (3.72 per cent), in which loan returns maintained excellent asset quality and provision levels were higher than those of peers
Ningpo Bank maintained excellent asset quality with strict wind control, continuing the downward trend, with the end-of-season ratio continuing down by 1 bp to 0.80 per cent, down by 11 bps the same year; interest-type loans accounted for 12 bps to 0.51 per cent below the end of the round, loans over 90 days were outstanding/bad for the comparative year, companies maintained excellent profitability, performance growth rates and roe levels maintained industry leadership.
Given the impact of regulation on corporate fees and revenues, we have adjusted Ningbo Bank's net profit rate of 2018/19 to one per cent, and the downside of the economy has led to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical industry, industry development is more relevant to economic development at the macro level.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy goes below expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the assets of the banking sector will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Financial regulation is overstretched. Since 2017, strict banking regulation has continued, full coverage of banking and off-the-shelf operations has been achieved, industry growth has slowed, and the process of “deleveraging” has accelerated. Meanwhile, the merger of the Bank and the Insurance Council will enhance regulatory uniformity and coordination and improve the effectiveness of regulation, and various regulatory rules and regulations are expected to accelerate down.
The net profit growth rate is affected by the limit.