Six-month performance review: excellent profitability, assets, and a leader in quality.
Block rating: stronger than the big market, companies maintain a high level of profitability, performance growth and roe levels, all of which remain at the forefront of the industry. In the first half of the year, corporate total assets and credit have been growing faster, asset quality is at the forefront of the industry, and progress has been made.
One step better, with a front line for the coverage industry. Deposits are growing brightly, profits are growing high, profitability is high, and operating income is improving significantly.
Business income increased by 9.79% in the same year, and by 7.49 percentage points in the first quarter, a marked improvement.
By the first half of the year, the total assets of the company had increased by 10.8 million, compared to 5.27%, and the loan had increased by 1.58 percentage points over the previous quarter (+14.8%, yoy). At the end of the debt, Ningbo bank deposits had increased by 14.9% over the same year, with a link increase of 0.70% over the same period.
The decline of 2.15 percentage points over the first quarter of the year is expected to be due to the pressure placed on corporate savings by the intense banking deposit competition in the context of continued financial deleveraging in the first half of the year, but overall the asset holdings remain excellent in quality and the provision levels lead the industry.
The output quality remained excellent, the negative rate continued the downward trend, the end-of-season ratio continued down by 1 bp to the asset quality decline over-expected, and financial regulation over-expected.
qoq) of which loans +16.4%, yoy/+5.27%, qoq; deposits +14.91%, yoy/+0.70%, qoq; revenue collection
The net profits of Ningpo Bank continued to grow faster in the first half of 2018, by 19.63 per cent in the same year, and by 0.02 percentage points more than in the first quarter (+19.61 per cent, yoy). Annual growth of roe 21.1 per cent, an increase of 0.83 percentage points, remained at the forefront of the industry.
Credit lending has increased again at a slower pace, and deposit growth has slowed down. But corporate credit lending has continued to grow rapidly, with total loans growing by 16.4% compared to the previous quarter, with a 5.27% ring growth compared to the same loan.
An increase of 1.58 percentage points over the first quarter (+14.8%, yoy). At the end of the debt, Ningpo Bank deposits increased by 14.9% over the same year, the ring increased by 0.70%, a decrease of 2.15 percentage points over the first quarter of the same year, due to the pressure on corporate stock collection brought by strong banking deposit competition in the first half of the year, but overall the rate of increase is still better than that of co-operatives.
Bank Ningpo, under strict wind control, maintains asset quality with a continuing downward trend, with the end-of-quarter ratio continuing down by 1 bp to 0.80 per cent, down by 11 bps the same year; loans more than 90 days overdue account for from 0.06 percentage points to 0.58 per cent at the beginning of the year.
Corporate profitability remains excellent, performance increases and roe levels remain high in the industry. Total corporate assets and credit levels have been growing faster in the first half of the year, with asset quality at industry levels and further improving to industry levels, providing coverage to industry leaders. We expect that the downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. If the economy goes ahead with expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the asset quality of the banking sector, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Financial regulation has been ongoing since 2017, full coverage of banking and off-site banking regulation has been achieved, growth in industry has slowed, and the “deleveraging” process has accelerated. At the same time, the merger of the Bank and the Board will enhance regulatory coherence and coordination, improve regulatory effectiveness, and the various regulatory rules documents are expected to arrive at an accelerated pace.
Limited, thus affecting the rate of increase in net profits.