The Ningpo Bank issued a mid-term performance report with a net return of $5.7 billion in the first half of 2018, an increase of 19.6 per cent;
Business income was 13.5 billion yuan, an increase of 9.8 per cent over the same period; a basic gain of $1.12 per share. Loans and bond investment boosted asset expansion, and scale expansion was the primary driver of performance. Loan growth (yoy: 16 per cent) and bond investment (yoy: 52 per cent)
The share of public loans in general loans has remained stable at three-thirds over recent years, with an increase of 13% in 2q18 years, leading to an increase in lending. Bond investment grew by 2.6 billion dollars over the same period, mainly from holding up to maturity bonds. Bond investment contributed the same value to asset expansion as loans.
The tax-exempt advantage has also helped to improve performance. Investment returns have boosted non-interest income.
During the first half of the year, the company collected $13.5 billion (yoy: 10%), which, apart from a slight delay in interest income, is mainly a contribution of non-interest income. The two factors that boosted non-interest income are, on the one hand, losses and losses mainly caused by changes in the fair value of derivatives and, on the other hand, the negative base effect of the same period last year, an increase of $4.6 billion this year; and, on the other hand, mainly the currency.
The increase in interest-bearing income is 13bp. The recovery in interest-bearing asset yields is the result of a significant increase in public loan returns and the high ratio of loans to deposits in the public-sector finance structure.
We're looking at Ningbo Bank's position on the long triangle, the radiation triangle, the edge of the Ring Bay, and the company's flexibility.
In particular, good corporate risk management systems are better able to cope with economic cycle fluctuations and restructuring, and poor rates are still at lower levels in the industry. Corporate valuations are now rewinded considerably, but they are still higher than bank flats.
Review: Investment and loans for expansion, good quality of assets Summary of corporate financial statement data projections Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of Domestic Trade, the China Sinda Trust Investment Corporation, and the China Galaxy Certificate