High-growth asset quality maintained in revenue - Bank Ningpo (002142) reported an increase of 19.6 per cent in mid-2018, with deposits increasing by 12.85 per cent from the beginning of the year and loans increasing from the beginning of the year.
The net interest income of the company rose by 18.4 per cent in the second quarter, with interest-bearing assets growing by 2.8 per cent in size and net interest-rate differential by 24bp. The sharp recovery in net interest-bearing differentials remained driven by an upward return on the asset end.
At the end of the debt, the combined contribution rate increased by 8 b, with interest rates on public deposits rising by 17 bp and personal fixed-term deposits falling by 18 bp, as a result of an increase in interest rates on public deposits by 19 bp.
The combined interest rate on retail deposits rose by 19bp. By the end of the second quarter, corporate loans and advances totalled $37.91 billion, net of loss preparation, $364 billion, an increase of 9.57 per cent from the beginning of the year.
In the first half of the year, deposits remained at a high rate of 12.85%, representing a share of the debt.
By the end of the second quarter, the balance had increased by 19 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, owing to the higher issuance of joint certificates in the first half of the year.
Net non-interest income increased by 47.1% in the first half of the year, accounting for 37% of operating income, mainly from the contribution of net non-interest income. Of this, net fee income decreased by a narrow margin in the first quarter of the second quarter, but remained lower by 5.4% in the first half of the year than in the same period; net non-interest income was reduced by other net non-interest income.
Ningpo Bank, with a relatively high share of tax-exempt assets, reaching 25 per cent, has increased its profits faster after the tax; the quality of assets has remained stable, and both loans and deposits have been growing at a higher rate.