Short-term pressure on the counter-cyclical layout, long-term performance on the project - company event evaluation report (688396.sh) zhanglu2@cfsc.com.cn
In 2023, the domestic semiconductor market was cyclically affected, the industry was in a state of readjustment, the company ' s operating profits, total profits and ownership by its parent company.
The net profit, net profit from non-recurring gains and losses attributable to the parent owner, and the decline in revenues per share per share on a year-on-year basis are mainly due to the low market climate, the positive placement of major projects by companies against the cycle, and increased investment in research and development.
The company’s performance in q1 in 2024 was still influenced by the low end-state climate and pressure on product prices, resulting in lower gross interest rates, combined with power checks and spring seasons, resulting in some capacity utilization.
Decline; high corporate R & D inputs continue to q1, with a 7.11 per cent increase in the same year, and projects such as the sealing grounds and two 12-inch lines are in the advanced stage of input; in addition, the two companies involved in the strategic distribution have experienced a decline in stock prices and a change in their fair value
Q1 performance: product restructuring upgrades and high-end applications steadily rises The downstream terminal applications of corporate products and programmes revolve around four main areas
In the area of pan-new energy (car class and new energy sources) 39%, the consumer electronics sector accounts for the entire product structure, customer structure and end-use structure, with the areas of automobile electronics, new energy, industrial controls as the main track.
In the field, the products enter the main cars of Biadi, Jili, I-V, Chang An, Mitsubishi, etc. Multi-channel promotion of domesticization of car chips, solid stocking of car-grade products, and third-generation semiconductor sic products with the head of a well-known car company.
Companies in new energy sectors, such as transformers, transformers, etc., have also increased their client outreach, market share has increased, and the share of new energy sources in the product and programme plates has gone from shareholdings to priority customers, such as Sinkkawa.
Growth. The high end of corporate priority mosfet product applications increased further in 2024, maintaining a leading domestic market share; and the expansion of new and emerging products, such as igbt, third generation semiconductors, smart sensors, modular products, etc.
It will be a performance growth point in 2024. 12 inches, sealing bases, etc.
High-level industry; Chongqing 12-inch production-focused power devices, mainly mosfet and igbt, currently in the production-capability slope and customer certification stages, with a positive boost to the harvest; Shenzhen 12-inch production-line focus
40-90nm uniquely simulated integrated circuit products and mcu products. Construction of the main plant was completed in 2023, equipment was gradually moved into the installation phase, and it is expected to be operational by the end of 2024, resulting in an annual output of 480,000 12 inches after delivery.
The production capacity of the power ic chip; the rapid scale of production of advanced power containment bases; the increase in the volume of modular products; and the projected large increase in the total collection of the 2024 containment plates; the high-end mask will be produced in the second quarter and the first phase of the project will be abrupt.
Breaking 40 nm technical nodes, planning 1,000 units/month of capacity, planning for production connectivity in the first half of 2024, and focusing on 90 nm advanced process development in the second half of 2024, achieving output volumes as quickly as possible and further expanding the capacity of high end masking project 40 nm.
When the company takes full advantage of its vast silicon-based 6-inch capacity, it plans and initiates the expansion of the production capacity of the third-generation broadbanded semiconductor, which is needed for subsequent markets, increases research and development investment against the cycle, short-term pressure on performance, and as the company's products come to an end.
The transformational upgrade of the structure and the gradual release of capacity, such as the 12-inch line and the sealing of bases, are expected to bring about repair and growth, cover for the first time, give the risk of increased investment, and demand downstream is less than expected.
• Presentation by the Electronic Communications Group: Mao Jianxian University Masters in Materials, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in the global lead semiconductor advanced process project, five years of experience in commodity securities research, and employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Gangdan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.