Xu's assessment report, official acceleration of the infusion of core assets, combined help to regenerate the cocoon - Xu's major asset restructuring plan (000425)
On 20 April, the company released a plan for Xu Engineering, the listed company, to absorb the consolidated controlling shareholder Xu Xu's limited and joint trading, with a pricing rate of 90 per cent of the average value of stock transactions for 120 trading days prior to the base date (i.e., the “share transfer + replenishment” was converted to the site, and the employee holding plan was synchronized.
On September 22, 2020, the company-owned shareholder, Xu, completed a large-scale mix-up. The Xu Group successfully transferred a limited portion of Xu's shareholding to three state-owned companies, receiving a total exchange of $5.4 billion; at the same time, Xu introduced 12 strategic investments, including the National Manufacturing Transformation Fund.
The implementation of the stock-sharing and equity incentive scheme for the cadre of staff, the establishment of the Xu Engineering gold sails and the replenishment of the project by 2.7 million yuan, has helped to follow up on the profit-sharing scheme and the market-based remuneration mechanism for career managers.
Xu is limited to the Engineering Mechanic Assets Platform under Xu's flag, carrying the vast majority of assets, including excavators, concrete machines, construction machines, and mining machines, which are listed by listed companies and not noted. Xu's limited engineering machinery, as stated by Wang Min, Chairman of Xu's Technology Board, will be used for Xu's limited engineering machinery within three years.
"In November, the securities industry research -- the mechanical industry sold the machines, and the assets were injected into the listed companies, making them the most fully-fledged ones in the engineering and machinery industry.
According to public sources, Xu's company revenues in 2020 exceeded 150 billion yuan, Xu's limited income nearly doubled (78.3 billion yuan in 2019), listed companies generated 74 billion yuan, and in vitro earnings close to 70 billion yuan, and it is expected that the revenue volume of listed companies will increase further after Xu's limited, high-quality assets are injected.
"Research of the bond industry -- investment strategy for the machinery industry in 2021: Flying winds and core engineering and machinery operations are at the forefront of the industry, keeping up the growth trend."
The same increase of 3%. The weight plate sales are the highest in the industry on an annual basis, with the city accounting for about 40%, and the assessment that sales are increasing at a rate of over 60% and export performance is the second highest in the industry, gradually increasing the gap between Carter and Carter: there is a rapid increase in concrete machinery products in a quarter.
Long, with pumps, mixers, mixers and distributions at the mixer station increasing by more than 280 per cent the same year.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.