A quarter performance supermarket is expected to release the company ' s business potential. Events: company announcement fast report 2020, revenue of 73,968 million by 2020, performance forecast for first quarter 2021, profit of 2,021q1 at $1.45-1750 billion, up from the same time.
Benefiting from the high profile of the engineering and machinery industry, the performance of the supermarket for the first quarter is expected to be 73,968 million public revenues in 2020, a 25 per cent increase in the same year, a net profit for the mother, 3,729 million, a year-on-year increase, a year-on-year high in the same industry, where companies seize market opportunities, strengthen cost controls, and make a profit.
The engineering and machinery industry remained high and the variety of machines was growing: in 2020, the country recorded a high growth rate in engineering and machinery, which continued after 2021. According to the association ' s total equity/flow (million shares)
Statistical data, 1,269,000 excavators sold in January-March 2021, representing an increase of 85.2 per cent in total market value/flow (millions of dollars) and 39.3 million loaders sold, an increase of 60.7 per cent in the same year, with other types of vehicles
The company, as the lead company in the domestic engineering and machinery industry, has benefited significantly from the industry’s continued presence.
The transformation continues and is expected to unleash the company ' s business potential: the company issued a public announcement on the evening of 6 April to absorb the merger by issuing shares to the controlling shareholder, Xu, etc.
Xu's limited overall presence on the market is another milestone in the company's transformation process. Xu's limited presence, and the introduction of a new chapter in the war will open for Xu's shareholders in listed companies with high-quality assets such as excavators, concrete, towers, etc.
It is expected that the company’s performance will be significantly enhanced and the company’s overall competitiveness enhanced once it is on the market.
Quality of assets, limited mix of Xu workers actively promote governance structures and incentives to further upgrade corporate management.
Practice Qualifications Code: Practice Qualifications Code: Quarterly Performance Supermarket Expected, Merit is expected to release the company's business potential
A quarter of the performance supermarket is expected to release the company’s business potential for industrial research and research in the industrial chain, especially in robotics and automation-related sectors.
Heart, in July 2017, was better placed to seize investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Center, in September 2017, was better placed to take advantage of industrial trends.
In July 2019, the Centre joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in an effort to study industrial fluctuations in search of certainty.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.