Before the company released Xu's Engineering and Mechanics Company to absorb the combined Xu's engineering machinery.
Company & Associated Transactions Project, where the listed company intends to offer shares to all of Xu's limited shareholders in order to absorb the consolidated Xu's limited legal personality, after this merger is completed, Xu's limited legal personality will be cancelled, the listed company will receive all of Xu's limited assets, liabilities, business, etc. as a depository division, and Xu's limited flag will be used to excavate machinery, concrete machinery, etc.
Quality engineering and mechanical assets such as mine machines, towers, etc. are injected into the public company as a whole.
In September of 20, Xu Xu's shareholdings were transferred to Jiangsu Xin, Qin Finance, Trading Finance, and the introduction of Tianjin Xin-shin, and the transformation of the Hangzhou State to two hundred intellectuals.
Twelve strategic investors, such as the National Fund for the Transformation and Upgrading of Manufacturing, increased by $14.79 billion, while companies were also active in the implementation of the Stake and Equity Incentive Scheme, Xu Quanqin as a Stakeholder Platform, senior management teams and core cadres contributed $870 million, a 2.7 per cent share, and Stakeholder contributed to the motivation of the core workforce and to the stability of the company ' s core business management team.
As strategic investors come to the fore, corporate governance is improved, employee holdings and career managers are recruited, companies will become more market-based, market-based investor board members will occupy three seats after this mix, mechanisms and institutions will become more flexible and efficient, organizations will be streamlined, and corporate performance and management efficiency will be expected to improve overall.
Quality assets are injected to enhance the company’s sustainable competitiveness, waiting for a mix of energy efficiency to release high-performance elasticities. Xu is limited, and high-quality assets such as excavators, concrete machines, towers, mine machines, etc. are held under the banner and are injected as a whole into listed companies that help to optimize the industrial structure, improve the industrial layout, diversify the company’s operations, reduce cyclical volatility and upgrade the company.
In 20 years, according to industry associations, Xu's excavator sales exceeded 50,000, with a market share of nearly 16%, the second highest in the industry. The market share has continued to rise over the past few years, with the towers becoming the top two players in the domestic industry; concrete machinery has long been the top three in the country, and sales have remained high in recent years.
Growth, with a steady increase in market share, gradually narrowing the gap with the top 2 in the industry. According to the 21-year bond collection by Xu Industries Group, Xu's limited mining machines, concrete machines, towers, mine harvests were estimated at 160, 42, 45, 1.9 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 20 years, after the full infusion of assets, and it is expected that Xu Xu's total harvest will be over $100 billion in 20 years.
Together with the size of the city’s company’s revenues, it is also expected to increase its market outreach and profitability, and with the overall collapse of the mix, the company’s costs will have greater scope for downswings, followed by a higher potential for sustained elasticity. A quarterly record of record performance for the same period, with sustained high growth rates throughout the year.
Prospectively, in 20 years, the company achieved a revenue of about 74 billion yuan, a 25 per cent increase in the same year, a net profit to the mother of about 3.7 billion yuan, a 3 per cent increase in the same year, a single-season interest rate of 5.7 per cent in the fourth quarter, an increase of nearly 1 pct over the previous three quarters, and a sustained surge in demand in the market for the main products of the parent ' s arms, a strong vehicle crane performance and a further consolidation of the industry ' s flagship advantage,
While the company continues to push for more sophisticated ducts and better cost controls, it is expected that the level of profit will rise in the first quarter of the year. This year, as the 1455 season begins, new domestic investment needs, such as urbanization, rural revitalization, and two-year-long renovations, are expected to continue to be released, adding environmental upgrades, etc.
Product renewal, artificial substitution, and global demand recovery, with industries expected to continue to have a high climate of growth in the second quarter and the second half of the year. Increased industry competition, less than expected capital and real estate investments, less environmental protection and more robust treatment, and restructuring of assets
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.