q1's performance has increased at a sharp pace, and Qu'o Xu's annual report for 2020 and the one-quarter review for 2021, on 29 April 2021, the company released its annual report for 2020 and its one-quarter report for 2021 and achieved business income in 2020.
Operating income of $24,977 million, an increase of 80.40 per cent in the same year, a return net profit of $1,727 million, a steady increase in the same year, and a spectacular increase in the performance of the quarter
In 2020, the company collected 73.968 billion yuan, of which more than 20 billion was spent on cranes, pedals, shovels, spare parts for engineering machinery and imports, 10 billion dollars on core spare parts, 8 billion dollars on basic engineering machinery, 5 billion yuan on maintenance machinery, loading machinery, and cranes.
In 2021, companies grew by 80.40 per cent in the same year, and net profit returns increased by 182.44 per cent. The main reason for the high growth in performance was the higher demand in the market and the significant increase in sales earnings.
The push for a “three-to-one” forced transition was evident in four quarters, with a significant increase in net profits in q4 in 2020, a significant increase in revenue terms, a decrease in receivables compared with the beginning of the year, an acceleration in the turnover of assets such as receivables, inventories, and a net reduction in procurement to 3.83 per cent, a q1 Mār. in 2021, with a stable corporate profitability overall in 2020.
-0.72 per cent, -0.13 per cent, the capacity of companies to control their costs has improved significantly; in cash flows, the net operating cash flow of companies in 2020 was $2,789 million, a decrease of 45.69 per cent from the previous year, mainly because the company responded positively to the national call to implement the concept of the Xu Trade Union, increasing the level of payments to suppliers and increasing the rate of cash payments.
Quality Transition Support City continues to grow, and overseas expansion is accelerating. Xu is one of the most influential engineering and machinery brands in the world, with a heavy historical deposit. The company-based Xu Industries Group ranks fourth in the top 50 rankings of global engineering and machinery manufacturers, and the middle-income companies are number one.
In 2020, mobile cranes were the number one in the world, with an absolute lead in the sale of 1,000-ton wheel cranes, an increase of 2.1 per cent in the domestic occupancy of loading machines compared to the previous year, and an increase of 4.0 per cent, 10.7 per cent, respectively, in the occupancy of ballasts, standers and stowage machines.
1. Xu Engineering Mechanics (000425.sz): The blending programme 3.9%, with the city of the asphalt station jumping to top two in the industry.
Heavy machine occupancy has risen to 60%, and high-altitude operational vehicle occupancy is the highest in the industry. In addition, the company's overseas operations have accelerated by 2. Xu Engineering Machinery (000425.sz): Tweeding boots Chang, which currently owns 300 dealers, 40 offices, more than 140 service spare parts centres, marketing networks abroad
Landing, opening up a multimillion dollar export project, with a winning bid of 260 million extraterrestrial-banded mining machines, as the strategic transformation of the company accelerates, it is expected that the company’s domestic and foreign operations will soon develop.
\triangleright, 20 April 2021, the company released a plan for the reorganization of its assets, and after the reorganization was completed, \triangleright had a limited number of excavators and concrete under the banner of \triangleright \triangleright
Machines, mine machines, towers, etc. are injected into listed companies, helping to optimize the industrial structure of listed companies and improve their industrial layout. At the same time, Xu's limited shareholders Tianjin-shin, Jiangsu-shin, Qin- Finance, Cashiers, National Manufacturing Fund, Xu Industrial gold sails, Shin-jin-Kin-chen, etc., will hold the corresponding shares in Xu's integrated industrial machinery.
Quality strategic investors. In 2020, Xudu's plate occupancy continued to rise, holding steady the second, 40-ton industry grew by 39.9% over the same year, with mining companies digging, transporting and breaking up a whole series of large mining machines. The market for tower blocks grew by 5.4% over the same year, and concrete and mechanical plates accelerated their catch-up, with the market for blending cars growing faster than industry and rivals.
After the infusion of assets, we expect that the new infusion will yield more than $12 billion in revenue, which will bring more than $30 billion to listed companies, and that the company’s profitability will increase significantly in the long run. To benefit from the industry’s high profile, the company’s performance will grow steadily, and we believe that it will be difficult to change the landscape and a high-quality strategic transformation.
The “recommended” rating will be maintained to enhance the competitiveness and profitability of the firm's industry, the value of its long-term investments is significant, the infusion of assets is not taken into account, the position of the firm's industry and current valuation levels will be maintained.
Guan Qingqiang, six years of experience in securities funds, covering engineering machinery, photovoltaic equipment, lithium electric equipment, Master of Applied Statistics, University of South China, 2020 Bachelor, 2020 Joined the civil securities, author with a qualification in securities investment consultancy or equivalent professional competence, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,