In the evening of August 25, 2024, the company published its semi-annual report for 2024. In the first half of 2024, the company achieved operating income of 1576.131 billion yuan, a decrease of 1.10 per cent in comparison with the previous year; it achieved a net return profit.
Corporate performance increased steadily in the first half of the year, and cash flows from operating activities improved significantly. At the end of the oil price, the average price of Brent in the first half of the year was $83.05 per barrel, an increase of 4 per cent over the same period, with crude oil prices.
In terms of cash flows, the net cash flow of the company ' s operations in the first half of the year was 42.3 billion yuan, an increase of 53 per cent in the same year, of which 56 billion were in the second quarter, an increase of 69.8 billion yuan in the ring.
15%; refined plate operating revenues of $7.1 billion, a 38% decline in the same year; finished oil sales plates have lost $200 million. Overall, the firm ' s upstream plates benefit from the upward movement of oil prices and the increase in oil and gas sales, the build-up of costs and robust growth in operating efficiency; refined oil and sales plates are in demand.
Weaknesses, rising crude oil costs, and the impact of new energy alternatives, which have led to a decline in profits; chemical panels, which continue to show a downward trend against the backdrop of enhanced cost controls and higher-value-added product ratios; exploration development panels, which have increased substantially in volume, and upstream panel operating efficiency gains, which have continued to increase in the first half of 2024.
During the year, high-quality exploration and exploitation of the benefits of the company ' s upstream plates were enhanced, with steady oil and gas growth and cost controls showing significant results. In terms of storage, the company made major breakthroughs in exploration in the Sichuan basin shale gas, the new zone of the northern Gulf basin, and increased risk exploration and closed-space pre-screening, and increased storage on a high-quality scale.
In terms of increased production, production of 258 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent was achieved in the first half of the year, an increase of 3 per cent over the same year, with crude oil production of 141 million barrels, an increase of 0.6 per cent over the same year, and natural gas production of 117 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 6 per cent over the same period. In terms of efficiency gains, the company ' s entire industrial chain produced significant results.
In the context of the upward shift in oil prices, the operating costs of oil and gas remained steady, with cash operating costs of $753 per ton in the first half of the year, a 0.4 per cent decrease in the same year, and the processing of crude oil by the company was 127 million tons in the second half of the year, which was almost the same as the same period last year, with finished oil production.
77 million tons, an increase of 1.6 per cent over the same period, of which the main increase was from gasoline and sea coal, diesel fuel, which was affected by the decline in demand, and the flexibility of companies to reduce diesel output.
195.4 ton/t, 4.5 per cent less than the same year. The finished oil sales plate, the company ' s total finished oil in the first half of the year, Sunda Securities Inc., distributed 119 million tons, an increase of 2.1 per cent over the same year, of which the total domestic finished oil sales were 9,014,000.
At the same time, the company has made full use of the existing terminal network to promote the replacement of power.
As a whole, companies have been able to optimize their refined oil production and distribution structures in accordance with market demand, and have continued to improve their precipitation.
The industrial block, where the company promoted the optimization of raw material costs in the first half of the year, operated profitable packages such as aromatic hydrocarbons in high loads, steadily increased the proportion of high-value-added products, achieved 6,496,000 tons of ethylene production in the first half of the year, a 17.8 per cent increase in synthetic fibre monomer and polymers, and a steady decline in chemical plates.
In terms of industrial development, by the end of 2023, the country had a total of 936 million tons of refined oil production capacity and, at the request of the National Development Reform Commission, it will continue to promote the orderly phase-out of 2 million tonnes/year and below of normal pressure relief devices that are inconsistent with the country ' s industrial policy.
The gross annual output of enterprises under this criterion is over 40 million tonnes, taking into account that the planned additional refining capacity in 2024 and 2025 will reach 31 million tonnes and 23 million tonnes, respectively, in order to maintain China ' s total crude oil processing capacity within 1 billion tonnes/year by 2025.
In our view, the future consolidation of refining capacity is expected to accelerate, and the upgrading of the industry will continue deep, with companies acting as domestic incubators able to adapt their installations to market demand, with the advantage of full-chain integration and broad-based resource advantages.
Shareholders’ returns continue to increase + buy-back to maintain corporate values, and companies’ long-term investment values are evident. The share of dividends reached 49.8% in the public dollar, in addition to the Board’s approval of the ‘promotion efficiency and return’ line.
35pc, further enhancing shareholder returns and sharing corporate development gains with shareholders. In addition, the company’s board of directors approved the equity buy-back programme, under which the total amount of the current repurchase was no less than RMB 800 million, not more than RMB 1.5 billion, and the maximum RMB at the repurchase price.
To write off and reduce registered capital. We believe that companies continue to maintain a high proportion of dividends, increase shareholder returns, build up stock buy-backs, further preserve corporate values and shareholder rights, effectively enhance investor confidence, and the value of companies ' long-term investments is fully visible.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: We expect the company to continue to increase shareholder returns and buy back to maintain the company's value for the period 2024-2026, respectively, and we maintain the company's “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: the risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; the company's new capacity to produce less than expected
Risk; risk of unrepaired downstream demand; risk of substitution for new energy car sales
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) for more than a decade has been involved in research and research in coal and energy-related fields. He has been the chair of the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He has been in charge of research on large-scale energy panels since 2019.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, a member of the Committee on Carbon Central and Specialized Industry of the Chinese Society of Environmental Sciences, and a member of the Committee on Energy Transformation, Carbon Central and Petrochemical Industry Development. He has led a number of studies, including a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and has participated in the development of policy papers on the construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in ministries.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March of that year, Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.