The high-speed growth of pharmaceutical biobiological products q2 is higher than expected, and the growth logic continues to be higher than the expected growth in the first quarter of q2.
The combination of rapid income growth due to the June 2021 Replenishment of Chengdu and changes in the shares held by its subsidiaries is expected to be linked to the recognition of revenue points for the company ' s terminal shipments and the reduction of the impact of the epidemic in some of the priority regions, looking at industry demand and the supply of corporate products as a whole
The overall supply of blood products is expected to continue to grow well in 2022, and the supply of blood products is expected to grow steadily in 22 years.
The logic of the company’s slurry growth continues to be realized. Eight new slurry stations were created in 22 years.
Q4 Quantities High Quantities of Agriculture and Elm Trees, spread over Guizhou, Yangtze, Hubei Lake and Ji, growth is expected and growth logic continues to be realized.
In 22 years, 8 new slurry stations were approved, plus 15 new slurry stations - 2022/01/11 station - in 21 years, and the number of company slurry stations (including substations) is now 82.
As a result of the high-base influences of the planet's organisms (600161), the company's ability to continue to receive more slurry stations has been sustained, and slurry from the planet has been growing.q3-quarter growth has declined, with steady growth throughout the year.
Human condensation factor viii has been approved, and the ton slurry profit-enhancing logic is being realized. According to the announcement, human cdensation factor viii has been approved, and the Chengdu Yongyu Base has completed its trial production, and the results are expected to improve in 22 years and the second half of the year after the birth of the permanent blood system, the release of capacity and the commissioning of new products.
According to our calculations, it is expected that there will be a significant increase in the income from the slurry, that most of it will turn into profits, and that the profit from the slurry is expected to increase significantly. Other varieties, recombinate the coagulation of the octocytes, the silt-cube, and the human fibrous proteins, will be marketed in 2023.
The high-speed growth of the q4 quarter was over-expected, and the growth logic continued to materialize at 865 million yuan, 1,064 million yuan and 1,314 million yuan, respectively, corresponding to the failure to expand the maggot station and the increased risk associated with competition.
q4 Q4 Quick Growth Overexpected and Growth Logic kept up with the Chinese Academy.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the statement in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.