The company's slurry growth logic continues to be realized on the occasion of the proposed acquisition of Xian Xian Xian Tin, the announcement of the company on 30 July that the proposed cash contribution would not exceed $6.49763 million
Acquisition of 35 per cent of Xi'an's shareholdings in Shandong Tai State, valued at $186 million overall in Xi'an's return to Xi's city; cash increase to Xi's Xi's Xi's up to US$ 146.743 million after the acquisition was completed, value of the replenishment was valued at 63.7 per cent of Xi'an's shareholdings and Xi'an's back.
The price of the purchase is cheaper. Xi'an's loss is currently in the state of shutdown, and the plasma station is in the state of suspension. Xi's three slurry stations under the flag of Xi's return, as disclosed by the Central Court of Justice.
In 2017-2019, we pre-empted the return slurry of 150 to 200 tons, producing products such as haemoglobin, immunoglobin (ph4), human immunoglobin, hepatitis B human immunoprotein.
An overall valuation of 186 million yuan for the day, with a market value of 930,000 to 1.24 million tons of slurry, is considered cheaper only for the day before.
After the acquisition of Xian's return, the company will add a new blood.
It is expected that the growth logic will continue to be realized - license plates will be used as a platform for the return of Xian to Tianxi Province blood products business, not 2022/07/15
It is hoped that more slurry stations will be made available in Shaanxi, and that the supply of blood products is expected to grow steadily in 22 years.
The M & A + New Legs are in parallel and the company's slurry growth logic continues to be realized.
The number of slurry stations, plus 15 new slurry stations that have been approved in 21 years, is now 82, with the number of slurry stations (including substations) that are growing faster than expected, and the growth logic continues to materialize. The slurry stations continue to be approved, further confirming that the company continues to receive more slurry stations.
Capability, acquisition of Xi'an, acquisition of Xi'an's leg, M & A + construction, parallel, market share further up, slurry is growing. The company's slurry growth logic is constantly being realized with the proposed acquisition of Xi'an's Xi's Qi's.
The magma station is not expanding as expected, competition increases the risk, M & A risks, Xian Xian Xian Tian Production Rehabilitation Institute.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the statement in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.