We're officially in production, we've acquired Xian's blood license plate, and we've got the company's semi-annual report for 2022, which is expected to be collected in the first half of 2022.
The q1 drop in revenue is associated with a rapid increase in q2 revenue and is expected to be associated with the company’s revenue recognition point for the final shipment.
The impact of the epidemic has been reduced in some of the priority areas, as a result of the demand in the industry and the supply of corporate products, the purchase of Xian Xian Xian and the addition of a new blood license plate.
The sum of $6.9763 million to buy 35 per cent of Xi'an's shareholdings in Shandong Tai State and $186 million for the 12-month maximum/minimum value of Xi's total value of Xi's Qi's: the cash replenishment to Xi's Xi's Xi's Xi's Xi's Xi's is not excessive after the acquisition has been completed
After $14,674.3 million, the value of the replenishment is estimated, after the acquisition and replenishment, the Tianxian organism holds 63,70% of the share in the proposed acquisition of Xi'an's return and Xi's return. The Xi'an's acquisition will contribute positively to the recovery of Xi's return to Xi's Xi's life.
The company's slurry growth logic is constantly being realized.
The q2 high-speed growth super-liquid product business is expected to acquire more slurry stations in Shaanxi in the future, and growth logic is expected to continue to materialize.
The company’s slurry growth logic is constantly being realized. The M&A + New Legs are parallel, and the Skygate Organisms (600161), which are projected to be 22 years of blood, currently number 82, have been approved.
The ongoing realization of the series - 2022/04/26 attests to the company ' s ability to continue to receive more slurry stations, to buy Xi'an, to “M&A + New” legs in parallel, to further increase its market share and to sustain the growth of slurry.
The variety is constantly improving, and the ton slurry profit logic is being realized. The human constriction factor viii has been approved, the life-long blood system was officially put into operation in August 22nd, the capacity to produce and the production of new products, and the profits from the ton slurry are expected to increase significantly.
Protein and other applications for listing will be approved in 2023, and the company's slurry growth logic will continue to be realized with the proposed acquisition of Xi'an's Xi's Xi's Xi's Xi'an's Xi's Xi's Xi's Xi's Xi's slurry growth logic.
The logic of the company's slurry growth continues to materialize.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the statement in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.