In the first half of the year 2020, we reached $7.63 billion, a 4.7 per cent drop from the previous year.
Net gains of $3.22 billion, an increase of 17.1 per cent, a gain of $2.2 per share, contractual liabilities and other current liabilities.
Smaller. Sub-products: (1) In the first half of the year, high, medium and low-end alcohol harvests rose by between 47.5 and 62.2 per cent, respectively, to 8.3 pct. high-quality alcohol recovered faster after the outbreak. The epidemic highlighted the relatively strong market management capacity of the public administration and the precision of marketing policies.
The company has a number of policies. They involve parking, cancellation of the vendor's oversupply points, upgrading of the cellar to account for US$ 1573/bottles, application of quotas by distributors based on invoices, and so on. In terms of performance and end-performance, the company's market policies have shown their effectiveness, and the country's customers have increased by double digits in the first half of the year 1573.
The two-quarter link is a significant improvement over the one-quarter period. (2) The impact of the epidemic on the company is greater on low-end alcohol, 2-quarter net gains are higher than expected, net interest rates are higher by 4.9 pt, and the Māori rate is 2.8 pt compared to the previous quarter. 2q20 sales costs and tax and surcharge rates are higher by 4.9 pct to net interest rates.
37.1 per cent The rate of 2-quarter sales costs for companies decreased by 6.3 pct, mainly in relation to the guidelines for the calculation of company costs during the epidemic, and the company adjusted the transport cost of $4.511 million, which is the cost of contract performance, from “sales costs” to “business costs”.
Three quarters is the key node for the liquor industry to complete its year-round mission, and through the adjustment and recovery of the first half of the year, it is expected that the company will continue to achieve robust performance growth in the second half of the year and successfully complete its year-round targets. As we mentioned in our previous in-depth report, excellent managerial and end-control capabilities are the company’s nuclear.
In the first half of the year, companies introduced market policies in terms of pipeline stock, regional layout, product prices, etc. The Henan war is going well, and the East China region has established a 1573 low-level union of states, and we believe that the company is well prepared for the upcoming Mid-Autumn and National Days.
The company is expected to recover the damage caused by the epidemic in the second half of the year, and continue to achieve robust growth. The Penthouse Deep Report: Keeping the Calves Running, Motivated, The Patchens are more flexible in market policy, and are now doing better overall.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations Poo and Poo Five price fluctuations. Channel stock is overpredicted. The impact of the epidemic is overpredicted.
Food and beverages: Beverage manufacture