On July 29, the theme was “Consultative confidence, full competition, brand upgrading, win-win sharing”.
High-end white wine is well marketed and company batch and terminal prices are effective: high-end white wine demand is less affected by the epidemic, and the cellar has a better sales and orders when social consumption scenes are limited.
Prices are good, leaving room for manufacturers’ market policies. The company’s stoppage policy in July, under the control of effective price balance, has now been raised to $1399 by the current retail price of the country’s customer, 1573.
The company's control capacity over terminals and channels has improved and prices have been raised well in recent years. The price of the huts is currently over 2,500 yuan, and the price of the five grains and cellars is expected to break down at 1,000 yuan.
2. "The first half of the year was a good performance, the mid-tsunami season of nationalization accelerated, and the East China region was expected to expand further: development initiatives in local markets accelerated after the cellar entered its new $10 billion journey.
The difference between the Southwest and the Southwest, where mature markets are leading, and the economically developed provinces like East and North China, where the size of the provinces is much larger, and where potential markets are opened is the focus of the process of nationalization. Previously, the country’s guests launched a “war zone system” at Henan Market, which was established at this conglomerates meeting.
The country’s 1573-long Triangular 38-degree Alliance was used to deepen the Chinese company’s strategy. Brand upgrades, win-win sharing: the vanguard of the cellar’s brand power, the company’s radical transformation from 2015 to the bottom recovery from a difficult reversal.
At a time when the security margins of the former company are high, the overall valuation hub is expected to rise as the reporting margins improve. This spring is a one-time shock to the epidemic, end demand is influenced to a certain extent, and most manufacturers give up.
The shift to good channels and stocks, the low performance of midday sales, and the consequent adjustment of profit margins, the downside risk, the recovery of end consumption, and the risk of regional changes in competition.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment