- Mid-year review of the Quanzhou Cemetery (000568), 2020: The Quanzhou Cemetery published its mid-year report for 2020, which generated $7,634 million in revenue in the first half of the year, i.e. 4.72 per cent compared to 4.72 per cent;
The state cellar, 1573, showed resilience; middle-end wine (the special + the age of the cellar) collected 1,912 million yuan, or 14.03 per cent of the year; low-end wine business collected 909 million yuan, or 34.37 per cent of the year, and was more affected by the epidemic. Reductions in tax rates and sales costs contributed to a sharp increase in net interest rates.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s Māori rate was 81.84%, and the Māori rate increased significantly, mainly because of the superior product structure and the swordization of Ouyangwu. In terms of cost rates, the tax and surcharge rate was 8.90%, compared to 3.92pt, mainly because of consumption tax deductions.
Overall, the net interest rate of the company for the first half of the year was 42.24 per cent, which is a significant increase in profitability compared to +7.55 pct. In addition, the contractual liability at the end of the second quarter was adjusted to the operating cost.
One billion yuan, of which 1,045 million dollars in the second quarter alone, has largely returned to the same level last year. 1573 price increases in the Karkongs, high performance levels throughout the year, feedback from research channels, 1573 batches at $860-870 in the recent past.
80%. As the poo price continues to rise to around $2,800, the prospective customers are expected to make up to 1,200-1300, and in the context of the continuing high-end alcohol situation, the cellars issue price-fixing notices, which will be increased by $40.30 each for the 1573 classic stock exchange in the 52-38-degree cellar starting on September 10, 2020, which will further safeguard the company.
In the medium-to-long term, the brand-end state cellar + the special, 28 Punryce Street, Beijing West Side, is driven by two-wheel drive, the channel flattens operating with a growing control of the terminals, and the energy of the yellow smelting eco-parks.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, full post-partum, the company will add 100,000 tons of new capacity, 380,000 tons of new original wine storage capacity, and will be expected to grow steadily in future brands, channels, and production capacity in conjunction with the company.
Hsien Hsien Fukuda Fukuwa, the tax-free company.
The net profits of the parent company were 52.68, 61.08, 6.98 billion yuan, and the net profits of the ps 3.60, 4.17 and Chengdu China (Sichuan) free trade test zone into urban highland highways.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.