High-end recovery is clear, business efficiency improvements open up profit margins.
On August 28, 2020, q2 battalion stopped falling back, and the country's customers supported the company's growth \triangleright \
Positive responses since the event, proactive efforts to reduce product quotas to help dealers reduce stock pressure, o2 crop stops, fallbacks reflect low-level stock levels, future demand for replenishments and boom-season demand, yield prospects Sub-products, high-end/middle-end/low-end liquor collection of $42.46/19.12.909 million, respectively, per year
Since May, when the Quota system was restored, marketing has recovered well, and the company's product structure has continued to optimize, highlighting the “sweeper of wine.” From a Māori ratio, 20h1 has a Māori sales rate of 81.84%, compared to +2.13 ppt, mainly because of the better-led product structure of the cellar. Of these, 91.86%, compared to the same ratio, are high-end alcohol.
+0.25 ppt. Recent price increases have not yet been reflected at the end of the statement, expected future price increases plus optimized product structure, continued improvement in operating efficiency and significant increase in profitability
This is due mainly to the cost of advertising the effects of the epidemic. 20h1 taxes and surcharges were 18.16%, compared to 2.13 ppt, mainly due to higher domestic consumption ratios, which led to a decrease of 33.84% in the average consumer tax.
Quarterly 2020: The company's “two brands” strategy has increased since 2019, with high-end tickets to wine for foreign guests of 1573, and the medium liquor and other products represented by the specials have further enriched the product structure. On the state cellar 1573, 20h1 has taken the initiative to control the stock.
As scheduled, the quota was cancelled and 20 q1 was paid off, payments resumed after the pipeline stock fell to low positions in May, market sales recovered well, supplies were suspended throughout the country in late July, and quotas for the cellar were announced in early August as being subject to the exchange of qualified price invoices, and supplies were announced on 24 August
The three-quarterly price increase of $40/bottle in 2019 will push the rate further up to the state cellar 1573.
In the case of low-end alcohol, the epidemic has tended to change its headlines into a single bottle of light wine. The company’s mid-term product was significantly delayed by the epidemic in the first half of the year.
In the future, the recovery of the consumer scene will be accompanied by accelerated growth, with the firm’s “two billion” target in a flexible and efficient channel model, with broad development prospects for the future.
Period, arithmetical method) to maintain a “recommended” rating. Economic downturns drag demand, failure to release performance at the same pace as expected, food security, etc.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Association of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking to be objective, impartial, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.