The country is growing steadily, and the brand can be revived.
• Improvement in the country ' s passenger marketing ring ratio and acceleration of the nationalization process: company 20h1 received 7,634 million ( -- $4.75 billion (+10 per cent) for the main high-end liquor, affected companies stopped delivering and receiving orders in February-April; the return ring improved since the recovery in May, according to the survey feedback, and June single
The monthly rate of growth has changed considerably, with double-digit growth achieved in the first half of the combined spring return, with the top half (-14 per cent) of the total, with a relatively high collection of specials and a weak end-marketing, while the cellar age is more affected by the epidemic in the main distribution area, with the overall recovery slow, while the special is stored between the size of the cellar and the age of the cellar.
In addition, companies collect 910 million (34%) of low-end liquor. The subregion has seen the process of nationalization of the cellars, which, according to the study, has been particularly active in North China, which is the first largest market in the corporate cellar, with a double-digit growth compared to the previous year, with a high rate of achievement;
The Eastern region is less affected by the epidemic, with a single-digit increase in the same ratio; the Southwest region of the second largest market is more mature and has declined slightly in the same year. Market development initiatives have accelerated across the company, the Henan region has launched a “war zone system” and the Long Triangle has established a National 38-degree Alliance, with a lower share of other potential markets.
The Māori ratio increased by 2.13 pct, or 81.84%, as compared to the product ' s structural optimization; on the other hand, because of the same sales cost reduction of 4.64 pct, or because of a decrease in the publicizing costs.
At the same time, as a result of the decline in income, the rate of corporate management costs (including R & D costs) increased by 0.61 pct, or 5.14 per cent. The cash flow was slightly pressured by companies with a net cash flow of 730 million operating 20h1 (same-57 per cent, 4.1 billion less than at the beginning of the year), mainly due to the impact of the epidemic on sales, receivables (receivables, receivables)
The net cash flow of companies q2 ring q1 increased by about 1.4 billion, a marked improvement.
"The company, after 14 years, has grown in volume, and the power of the superstars, has begun a radical reform of products, channels, brands and systems, and is now producing remarkable results.
The cellar has become one of three high-end white brands, branding is strong, batch prices follow the trail, prices are expected to hit more than $1,100 in the medium and long term, and the pipeline value chain has grown. We have long been looking at the rejuvenation of the cellars, the two brands of Chenzhou, and the company's name.
Liquor genes, high-price expectations, and strong team performance, future valuation hubs or continuous upwards, and high-end white plate valuations in the context of the overall re-engineering of old cellars. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has an investment advisory committee on securities.