We're back in good shape, we've got short-term pressure on the South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
Performance summary: The company released a 20-year-old mid-year report with revenues of $7.63 billion in the first half of the year, i.e. 4.7% compared to 4.7%, return to the mother, net profit of $1.51 billion, i.e. + 22.5% compared to the profit margin, slightly higher than market expectations.
Double-digit growth is not easy: Middle-barrell revenue is $1.91 billion. The same ratio is 14.0 per cent: Low-barrelled liquor camp collects $910 million, compared to 34.4 per cent; the lack of consumer scenes, mainly end-of-end meals, banquets, etc., due to the outbreak, leads to higher end-of-term stocks, and a second-quarter stop for stock, leading to a sharp decline in medium-low- and low-grade alcohol performance; and the low-to-low-end level.
The decline in the sale of alcohol has affected the decline in the Māori rate. The cropping markets of south-west, north-west China, and so forth have recovered in the second quarter: China’s East and key markets Henan have continued to grow at a higher rate.
81.8 per cent, mainly due to a significant increase in the share of high-end alcohol in the first half of the year. The cost rate fell significantly by 4.3 percentage points to 18.3 per cent, with sales falling by 4.6 percentage points to 14.6 per cent, mainly due to a reduction in advertising costs under the shock of the epidemic and in the level of investment in channel extension costs; and management costs, including R & D, increased by 0.6 percentage points to 0.5 per cent.
Quite a bit of high-priced + terminal stock, a good cellar, a 20q2 digestion of low- and medium-grade liquor stock, and light-loading are expected.1 With the current price at $2,700, and the apparent lack of end-loading, the cellar will be fully covered by the overflow of profit low-cost demand; given that the company will raise the price of domestic customers in September, plus Chinadong, Henan, etc.
Market openings have increased, and the cellars have grown more confidently in the second half of the year. 2. The impact of the epidemic has had a significant impact on low- and medium-level alcohol sales, which will continue to improve, with a steady recovery in end-use scenes and consumer letters as the second quarter of the year comes to an end-stock.
The company’s product structure is expected to continue to be optimized, with higher mid-to-high-end ratios increasing profitability. Cedars (000568), which drive higher performance, 30-fold, and 24-fold, maintain a “buy-in” rating.
2. Cedars (000568). High- and middle-end alcohol continues to function, Penang County old cellar (000568), high- and middle-grade alcohol and product structure upgrades lead to high performance growth
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.