Four quarters of growth, chc growth, watch the company's formula, and the particles are moving towards the good Quin Pharmacy Group, and the operating cash flow is rising dramatically in the fourth quarter.
Chc has grown robustly, and the primary elimination of chc ' s healthy consumer goods effects in the second half of the year at the end of the prescription: operating revenues of $11,384 million have been realized throughout the year through the construction of a full-fledged 39 commercial customer system, combined with four-season window for policy adjustments to the epidemic.
Prescription medicine business: The company’s prescription drug business generated operating income of $5,976 million, an increase of 7.19 per cent over the same period, mainly due to negative growth in the formulation granular business, which was affected by the transition of the national flag and the speed of the provincial mark.
As the number of particles rises and the effects of the collection are digested, the prescription plate is gradually recovering in the second half of the year.
Quan Pharmacy M & A, expected further operational synergies in the next three quarters, expected a sustained increase in the four quarters, completed on 30 December 2022, completed on 19 January 2023, completed by the Kundish Group
2. Hua-Yun’s 39-point evaluation report: as a result of the reorganization of the board of directors and supervisory boards, Quan Pharmacy’s controlling shareholders changed from Wally’s medicine to Hua-Yun’s two-quarter short-term performance pressure, two-wheel drive companies.
The company's merger and purchase of Quan Pharmacy helped the company to further consolidate the market position of otc, and the merger and purchase of Quan Pharmacy could enrich the company's chain of 37 industries, while allowing the company to reap its long-standing brand of Quintino 1381. This year, the company developed three phases of the Quin Pharmacy Group's entry plan, which is 100 days old.
Integration, one year and three years of integration, looking forward to its synergetic development.
736 million yuan was invested in 34 patents for inventions and 56 new patents for practical purposes, and 76,876,000 yuan was awarded for research and development. A total of 77 projects are currently under development, with a focus on projects: 1 small molecular target to the anti-cancer drug qbh-196 is in the process of a clinical dose climb.
In the slope test, the new drug of H3k27m mutagenic latex arc 201 is actively moving forward with the domestic registration declaration that the 1st innovative medium drug dzqe for the improvement of women's menopausal symptoms has entered the ii clinical study; and the 2nd new drug, “Track-trace methotone injection fluid” (retouched) has been approved.
On the other hand, in 2022, the company introduced a new Chinese drug, qjyq, and has now completed pre-clinical studies.
In addition, the company obtained three Certificates of Registration for Pharmacy such as the Broffin Bluff, the Promol for Norforway, in which PCP for the seventh batch of national drug purchases for Norforway were selected.
Varieties are evaluated through the consistency assessment of national generic quality and therapeutic efficacy, with the Miostaint release being the country’s first single evaluation. As a result of Quan Pharmacy Group mergers and acquisitions, it is expected that the QN Group will start official tabulations in the first quarter of the year and will therefore be profitable.
Integration progresses less than expected; the spread of new varieties is less than expected; the impact of the epidemic is greater than expected; the information and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively using legally compliant information, and the data and information used in this report are made available from the market. I do not have any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor about any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.