Xu Yuen (00099.sz) - 2022 Annual Report Review, chc with excellent performance, “Innovation + brand” for high-quality development
The year 2022 saw a two-fold increase in earnings and four-quarter performance rates. The company achieved $18.79 billion (+16.31 per cent) in 2022, resulting in a net profit of $2.449 billion (+19.16 per cent) from the mother, not to mention the four-quarter increase in performance due to the high incidence of flu and the liberalization of the epidemic.
Chc has grown rapidly, and the share of the business has continued to rise. Sub-operations show that in 2022, Chc was slightly lower, mainly due to the decline in hospital patients, the increased difficulty of promoting academic activities in some parts of the country, and the limited sales of formulation granular operations due to inadequate standards.
“Innovation+brand” is a two-wheel drive that promotes high-quality business development. The company actively overcomes the effects of external environmental variability and the shift of formulae standards, insisting on branding+innovation. On the one hand, there are 504 R & D staff (+10.8%) working on 77 projects and more than 20 on classic titles.
First, innovation lines are growing year by year, and innovation is expected to continue to materialize. On the other hand, continuing branding, increasing brand market share, adopting a "1+n" brand strategy, building on the "999" brand, developing brands that are well-accepted by consumers, such as Sky and Aono.
At the same time, emphasis is placed on consumer research and media innovation, working together online, creating digital and intellectual advantages, and enabling high-quality business development.
3rd Quarterly Report Review, 2022 (00099.sz) - 3rd Quarterly Review - single Quarterly Review - 39th Quarter Rehabilitation of Prescription Medicines, Core Strength of Chc - completed on 30th, company and Kun Pharmacy Group have good brands, products, channels, etc.
Investment advice: Chec continues to lead high-quality development and sustains “buy-in.” In 2022, the company was actively engaged in overcoming the external environmental changes and achieving a double growth in Chc, prescription drugs, and a double growth in the industry.
Figure 2: China's operating income and growth (in billions of dollars, per cent) in the first quarter of the year (in 1); the cost of switching the standard of drug formulation particles; and 2) the rapid growth of low-māori drinking tablets, and the growth of the business in the first quarter of the year (in millions of dollars, per cent)
Figure 6: Profit margins in Huo Yuen Sanhu (%) with rapid growth in chc operations, with a rising share of revenue. Sub-operations: 11,384 million yuan (+22.73%) in 2022, $5,976 million (+7.19%) in prescription drugs, Chc
Rapid growth, rising harvest ratios, and a slightly lower rate of increase in prescription drugs, mainly due to the decline in the number of patients in hospitals, the increased difficulty of promoting academic activities in some areas, and the limited marketing of formulation granular operations due to inadequate standards. “Innovation+brand” is a two-wheel drive that drives high-quality business development.
On the one hand, there is a steady increase in innovation research and innovation, with 736 million yuan spent on research and development in 2022, an increase of 16.7 per cent compared to 2022, 504 researchers, an increase of 10.8 per cent compared to the previous year, 77 projects under study, 20 or more of the classics, and the line of innovation every year.
On the other hand, building brand influence, increasing brand market shares, adopting the “1+n” brand strategy, building on the “999” brands and developing consumer-sanctioned brands, such as Sky and Aono, with an emphasis on consumer research and media innovation.
In May of 2022, the company announced its plan to acquire 28% of the shares of the Quan Pharmacy Group, and completed it on December 30th of the same year.
There is good synergy between the company and the Quan Pharmacy Group in brands, products, channels, etc., and it is expected to be able to empower each other in the tri-seven industries and the 1381 brand of Kun-China Medicine. Investment advice: Chec continues to lead high-quality development and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
To overcome changes in the external environment and achieve double growth in chc, prescription drug operations, based on a leading position in chc, table 3 above: comparative corporate valuation tables Schedule: financial projections and valuations
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject