The leader remains strong, with excellent investment and investment performance. In mid-2019, credit securities achieved business income of $4.3140 billion, an increase of 15.90 per cent over the same period; and net profit returns, a strong leader and a slightly elastic performance. Companies achieved business income of $4.3140 billion in 2019.
The dollar, with a 15.9% increase in the same year, a net profit of $12.229 billion in the same year, a 30.23% increase in the same year, and a high proportion of institutions, capital intermediation and a strong focus on others. Of the top five bond dealers that have issued performance forecasts, the Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sulari performance has been ranked lower than the growth rate, but the indicators of scale remain the highest in the industry.
At the end of 2019, Sino-Sin securities had a total asset of $79,172.2 billion, an increase of 21.22 per cent over the previous year, and a net parent asset of $16,162.5 billion.
Other combined gains and undistributed profits from the upgrades were higher in mid-2019. The self-occupancy ratio of credit securities rose considerably in mid-2019, with a decline in the share of brokerages and holdings. The share of income from credit securities declined in mid-2019.
Self-investment performance has led to a significant increase in the return on investment on disposal of equity investments and financial assets. Public equity and financial instruments were disposed of to achieve investment returns of 4.94 and good profitability in 2019, respectively, with a high base of heavy institutional elasticity.
At the time of the announcement on 10th day, the company also held an over 5% share in the Chinese investment, which, based on a 30-dollar/share calculation, was solid from the capital of the investment bank, with a strong project reserve.
The increase of 22.71 per cent mainly benefited from a substantial increase of 253.26 per cent in the size of the ipo underwriting and a moderate increase in the rate of underwriting.In mid-2019, the equity owner underwriting, bond owner underwriting, and the size of a stock asset restructuring transaction were on 20 March of the year, with the number of auditors on the CCS Board (other than the end of the review) at 142, ranking the industry first.
One: The number of screen reviewers (excluding end-of-censorship) was eight, ranked second in the industry. The net profit from private equity investment contributed nearly 20% and is expected to become a greater source of profit in the future. Private equity contributed to the company’s performance in 2019, with a rough calculation of net investment in securities and goldstones.
The total profit ratio was 18.90 per cent, an increase of 13.26 pct from 2018, with a net share of SCM investments, a more widespread implementation of the investment mechanism, a steady advance in the registration system, and exit routes for equity investments, which are expected to contribute more and more steadily to the company's performance.
Brokering does not perform well, but institutions and international advantages are evident. Sino-Sino-Sinoe securities are now weak in 2019, mainly due to the higher number of institutional clients, the overall performance of their business, the increase in equity-based transactions less rapidly than the industry, and the net commission rate has declined significantly than the industry average.
The institutional and international advantages are clear, with institutions leading the industry, and the market share in the Asia-Pacific region (excluding Japan) ranked first. The fund’s share in the management business exceeded 70%, and the bond and stock pledge revenues were fined in 2019.
The net revenue of the fund in the company’s management business rose to 71.57%, the size of the pooled fund increased by a modest margin, and the reaction firm still controlled the scale and risks of the business. In terms of profit spreads, the company’s capital was lower than the industry, and it remained relatively stable as interest rates tended to decline.
On March 11, 2020, the company completed the process of acquiring and acquiring a large number of sales points and customer resources for Guangzhou securities in Guangdong Province and surrounding areas, combining the brand value and combined financial advantages of Sino-China securities with a significant increase in the company’s presence in the South China region.
The company has not made any progress for more than a year in issuing the employee holdings bill, but with the introduction of the new Securities Act of 1 March 2020, the agreement on the shareholding of the company’s employees is expected to be a middle-class bond for the industry’s leader.
The first breakthrough will help companies to identify high-quality talent and improve their efficiency and profitability. Investment proposal: Although mid-2019 credit securities are expected to be hampered by poor agency performance in brokering, pool size, and risk- and robust capital intermediation, the related business performance is relatively high
Weaknesses result in an overall elasticity of performance compared to the average industry. But the vanguard remains strong, with overall and business scale indicators still at the top of the industry, and profit levels at the top of the industry.
At the micro level, there are also positive factors, with brokering agencies expected to perform better than individuals in 2020, and to be successful in buying Guangzhou securities; investment in follow-up projects is still at the top of the industry; and self-employment investments remain robust, with subsequent reductions.
It is expected that private equity will contribute more and more stable profits to the company. The value of the stock has been raised, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of the investment in the medium-letter securities.
In 2019, Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino had achieved business income of $4.340 billion, an increase of 15.90 per cent over the same period, and a weak performance in the area of net return profits of 122.29 In terms of capital intermediation, it is expected to be mainly due to the high ratio of corporate brokerage agencies and the importance of capital-spill development and stability.
However, size indicators remain the highest in the industry. 1.2 Capital situation: capital strength continues to rise, total assets increase by more than industry yoy, and overall assets are expected to increase more, mainly as a result of the appreciation of financial assets as a result of self-employment gains, and performance is expected to increase.
Other combined gains and undistributed profits from the upgrades. Performance warmer led to an improvement in the main financial ratios of middle-letter securities, which were 7.76 per cent in mid-2019, and 1.56 pct higher than industry profitability in 2018 (6.30 per cent); net interest rate was 28.35 per cent higher than in 2018
2.1 Business structure: The self-employment ratio has increased considerably, and the brokering and ownership ratio has declined, and based on the SCM financial statements, we disassembly corporate income into net revenue from brokering, investment, management, self-employment, financing and other operations (net income from other operations = income from other operations - other operating costs) compared to 2018,
Net income from securities self-employment and management is higher, and net revenue from brokerage and interest is lower. 2.2 Sub-performance: high self-employment performance, large ipo-scale booster investment operations, highest self-employment performance in securities operations, $16,692 million in 2019, compared to the same ratio
A 90.17% increase, which was significantly better than the industry level (33.89%), was due mainly to the significant increase in the size of the ipo operations in the disposal of long-term equity and financial workers. However, the net revenue from brokering, net revenue from management, and net income from financing declined from the same time to the level of the industry as a whole, which is expected to be due mainly to poor institutional performance in brokering and pooled funds operating regulations.
2.3 Brokering: significant institutional and international advantages, a slight increase in the volume of transactions, a significant decrease in commission rates
The first half of the year was ranked first in the market, with the number of clients traded by qfii/rqfii, with priority private fund coverage rising to 75 per cent; offshore expansion through Sino-Sino-Lyon, with market shares ranked first in the Asia-Pacific region (excluding Japan) and continued to advance the process of internal and external integration to provide cross-border financial services to customers.
In 2019, however, the performance of middle-letter securities in brokering was weak, largely due to the higher number of institutional clients, which remained above the industry average in absolute terms, taking into account factors such as higher institutional commissions, and the premium on middle-letter services, but there is still room for decline in the future.
2.4 Bank operations: a strong leader, a strong project reserve, a strong leader in the conduct of the business, with equity owners accounting for $279,803 million in 2019, bond owners accounting for $10,01,530 million and a portfolio of assets reorganization transactions of $163.3 billion, all ranked first in the industry.
In mid-2019, the net investment income of the securities grew by 22.71 per cent over the same period, mainly because of a sharp increase in the value of the equity insurance portfolio, particularly in the ipo, where the size of the financing increased by 253.26 per cent and the premium rate increased by 0.39 pct. As a result, the stock of the follow-up projects was more abundant, ranking among the top industry, and subsequent business developments were supported as of 2020.
On 20 March of that year, the number of auditors on the Sino-Sino Stockboard was 142 (excluding the end review) and ranked first in the industry; the number of screen examiners (excluding the end review) was eight, and the number of screen reviewers was second in the industry: the number of new three-board top-selection tutors was two. 2.5 Self-employment: self-employment benefits from the disposal of equity investments and financial assets, resulting in a significant increase in self-employment earnings
With regard to self-investment, companies focus on quality growth based on fundamentals, while expanding coverage of the Hong Kong stock market, spreading single market risks and reducing performance volatility through a combination of time periods. According to the China-China announcement of 10 January 2020, Sino-Kinji securities cut their shares by 0.5774 per cent through a pool bid.
Figure 18: Changes in the structure of the Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sinoe Self-Sports (Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sinoe) self-management: the Fund has been a major contributor to expanding the scale of active management and equity. The size of corporate governance has been at the top of the industry for many years, and in 2019 it continued to expand the size of active management and equity.
In the same time, the Fund’s operations continued to be a major contributor to the income structure, with the Fund’s net income rising by 1.34 pct to 1.34 pct.
71.57 per cent, compared with 17.32 per cent in the year-on-year management of the summer fund. In addition, the size of the pooled funds decreased by 3.51 per cent over the same year, and is expected to be due mainly to the impact of the major pooled fund-raising changes.
2.7 Capital intermediation: a two-fold increase in size and a modest increase in stock pledge size
Mergers and stock pledge rates remained stable, company capital costs were lower than industry, and relatively stable spreads were maintained as interest rates dropped down.
2.8 Private equity investment business: Net profits contribute nearly 20% and are expected to become a larger source of profit in the future
In addition to investment in cutting-edge areas such as biotechnology and consumption, there has also been an active push for the creation of panels and related work; in 2019, Goldstone invested more than $4 billion in external investments, 15 private equity investment funds, and the Truststone Fund, a fully-owned subsidiary, ranked first in the area of reits funds and managed up to $11.5 billion.
In 2019, private equity operations increased their performance contribution to middle-class securities, with a combined turnover and net profit ratio of 8.33 per cent, 18.90 per cent for rough-counted investments in securities and goldstones, with a smoother exit path from equity investments, which are expected to contribute more and more stablely to the company than in 2018.
On October 31, 2019, Sino-Sin securities acquired the Guangzhou Certificate by means of a limited share in Toyoto and Gold Control.
100 per cent of the coupons were granted; on 7 March 2020, a limited sum of Viet-Soo and Gold Controls was required to compensate the target company in cash for the RMB 1.394 billion and to boost the capital stock of China-Sino-China securities; on 11 March 2020, 100 per cent of Guangzhou securities were completed, and the total equity of the Sino-Sin securities was raised from RMB 12.16 billion to RMB 12.27 billion.
The Chinese securities were weaker in the South China region before the purchase of the Guangzhou securities, and the acquisition will result in the acquisition of the Guangzhou securities from a large number of outlets and customer resources in Guangdong Province and the surrounding area, combining the brand value of the Chinese securities with the value of the Chinese securities.
Values and combined financial advantages have greatly enhanced the company’s presence in the South China region, further enabling the sharing of many policy dividends, such as Shenzhen and Hong Kong, the Australasia Bay region. 3.2 The process of follow-up is expected to accelerate after more than a year of draft employee holdings.
On 4 March 2019, the company issued a draft employee holding plan with a long-term and wide-ranging character, which is specific to: (a) the proposed implementation of the employee holding plan is valid for 10 years, implemented on a yearly basis, with each staff holding plan covering a wide range of headquarters, branches, domestic and foreign affiliates, including senior directors, middle managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers, senior managers.
Staff at all levels, including the core key and other cadres, with the number of employees in the parent company estimated at 1,000-1,500, or more than 10 per cent of the total number of employees.
After the application, it is specified that practitioners of securities companies that implement equity incentive schemes or employee holding schemes may hold and sell their own shares or other equity-type securities, as prescribed by the State Council Securities Supervisory Authority. It is expected that, as the industry’s leader, the first breakthrough in employee ownership will be possible, and that the process will be suggested.
Quick. Successful implementation will help the company to bind high-quality talent, stimulate the dynamism and motivation of its employees, and thus contribute to the company’s efficiency and profitability.
Stewardship and capital intermediation are risk-oriented and robust, and the related performance is weak, resulting in an overall elasticity of performance and industry averages. But the vanguard position remains strong, with overall and business scale indicators remaining the highest in the industry and the highest levels of profitability in the industry.
In 2019, the distribution of profits of the Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sin securities continued to be based on cash dividends of RMB 5.00 (including taxes) per 10 shares, representing 52.85% of the net profit of the mother in 2019, up from 45.16% in 2018.
In mid-2019, credit equity investments and investments performed better, with self-employment benefiting from long-term equity and financial instruments gains, which increased by 90.17 per cent and investment returns increased by 1.92 pct to 5.54 per cent;
There has been a steady increase over the past five years; there is a clear investment advantage, with equity, bonds, and restructuring operations ranked first in the industry. Given the broad scope for capital development in the medium- and long-term market securities sector, the development of carrier bonds is well advanced, and the medium- and long-term business development of Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino securities is supported by a number of positive factors at the micro-business level, as well as brokering operators.
On the other hand, in 2020, brokering agencies performed better than individuals, and the acquisition of Guangzhou securities was expected to compensate for the under-resourcing of the South China business network and customers; in the case of investment, the following projects were well-stocked and ranked among the top industry; in the case of self-employment, investments were more robust and there were still 5.0 per cent of the Sino-China investment holdings as of 10 January 2020.
A steady push is expected to contribute more and more stable profits to the company. In addition, it is expected that the core talent will be tied up and operational efficiency and capacity enhanced if the staff share in the follow-up process is accelerated.