Performance is largely in line with expectations, focusing on the extent to which new materials are moving forward, and the decline in the net profit of the parent is slightly greater than we expected, but the return in the Māori rate is less than we expected. The company’s harvest in 2017 was close to our expectations, with the net profit of the mother.
We're looking at the firm's gross interest rate and triple fee in 2017, which are not much different from what we're expecting, and the reason we're actually doing better than we're expecting is that the city of Xieva has increased further, and the white eva and polineum are being optimized.
Product structure. In 2017, the company sold 577 million square metres of film, an increase of 23.52 per cent over the same period in the previous year; capacity utilization reached 102.66 per cent.
The rate has reached 48.97%, an increase of 10.33 pct. from 2017h1. In export operations, as a number of foreign rubber suppliers have withdrawn from the market, more and more overseas groups of customers have turned to the domestic search for suitable suppliers.
At the same time, the company has continued to increase the promotion of whiteeva and po film, increasing the share of new products in overall sales and optimizing the product structure.
This represents an increase of 13.94 per cent; the Māori rate of 20.37 per cent, a decline of 10.79 pct. over the same period; conversion of upstream costs, mainly due to changes in crude oil prices, which are somewhat rigid; and the company ' s current historical data, where average sales of corporate eva membranes are subject to a decline in downstream costs
However, we believe that there is little room for a unilateral decline in the sale price of company eva film, which, as can be seen from quarterly estimates, has been steadily rising for two consecutive quarters following the increase in the price of eva film.
The company’s backboard products have grown significantly in volume as a result of the successful import of large domestic clients last year, as well as the increased promotion of customers in China and in power terminals, and the year-round increase in sales has been remarkable, with a total of 3,734,600 square metres being sold.
This represents an increase of 88.92 per cent over the same period in the previous year, with a capacity utilization rate of 96.06 per cent.
-603806-eva vinyl taps, new material subsides Construction capacity is now fully operational and company backboard operations will remain stable in the future The new material business is well under way, the luminous membrane is expected to contribute to sales in 2018, aluminium
In 2017, the sales of company-sensed demersal products increased monthly, client outreach made some progress, new plants and new production lines are being built in an orderly fashion, and it is expected that one product will be completed in the second half of 2018.
50 million tonnes can be delivered and marketed; aluminium plastics have been partially delivered downstream, feedback has been good, some small clients are currently experimenting with corporate products, companies will continue to improve production lines and processes; fccl has completed the trial production phase.
The company plans to invest $1,116 million in Angie County, Zhejiang Province, to set up the Faust New Materials Ltd., which will produce 20,000 tons of soluble alkaline resin per year.
A project to produce 10,000 tons of polyester polyols per year, 24,000 tons of photo-sensitive acrylic monochemicals, with an estimated additional sales revenue of RMB 2.03 billion and a profit of RMB 245 million after delivery. The alkaline soluble resin is the main component of the photoresist and the production sense.
The main raw materials of the photodrymme, because of its special chemical structure, complex production processes, and stringent quality requirements, are the core technology of the sill-drymers.
Bottlenecks in molding production. * Profit forecast: based on the premise that company eva film Māori has stabilized in 2018, the backboarding industry has remained stable, and the sales of the lower half-year contribution of the silicon membrane have been adjusted.
The rate of increase in the white-va ratio was not as high as expected; the production of the diaphragm was not as fast as expected; the promotion of the aluminium plastic film was less advanced than expected; and Pan Yong-la: Nine years of experience in securities research, joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department in September 2017, with major research and follow-up.
The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. The accuracy and completeness of interest is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report is not consistent with the views expressed.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.