Forster's annual report for 2017, the company achieved operating income of $4,585 million, an increase of 16.03 per cent over the year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $585 million, a positive increase over the same period.
We've got a steady growth of elastic film, we've got a big customer import from the backboards, we're a global eva film tap with a market share of more than 50%, we've got 600 million square metres of film at the end of 2017, we've sold 577 million square metres of film in 2017, which is an increase.
23.52%. The price of the components has generally been lower since last year, as a result of the downward slope of the photovoltaic subsidy. RMB 6.65/m2 per square metre per square metre in public year. The price of the film has now recovered steadily and the price of the film in q4 quarters has risen to RMB 6.84/pm in the future.
The slopes, the components will still have the space for price reduction, and the cost and price of silicon will be larger as the technique of diamond cutting becomes widespread in single-crystal silicon and multi-crystal silicon income structures (2017a).
In addition, company backboard operations were influenced by large customer imports, with a significant increase in performance in 2017, totalling 3,734,600 square metres, an increase of 88.92 per cent over the same period.
The new materials business is going well, the market is promising, the companies are actively setting up new material areas to reduce the risk of policy influence in the photovoltaic industry, and to expand new growth points. Research in the fields of luminum membranes, fccl, aluminium plastics, organic silicon encapsulation materials, etc.
In addition, Thailand’s fully-financed subsidiary successfully closed to the Tods Chemical Thailand company.
The full transfer of the thinfilm assets, the independent operation of the production of the thinfilm related to the production of the aromatic envelopes and the expansion of the new material business net profits of the Division's shareholders of 666 million, 764 million and 899 million yuan, respectively, at a rate of 14.35 per cent and 14.35 per cent, respectively.
The policy for the photovoltaic sector is not as good as expected; the international situation is changing, and the impact of both sides is high; there is a trade price war; the customer returns are not as good as expected; the new materials business is not as good as expected.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.