The advantages of the kitchen food business were highlighted by the fact that the feed business was booming – China’s food and oil industry giants, with an indirect share of 89.99 per cent in the Benevolent International stock – the company was the core subsidiary of the Yaehai group, the main kitchen food, feed raw materials and fat.
The shares held by the companies in Bathos and the Open Sea are 89.99 per cent and 0.009 per cent, respectively, and beneficial internationals hold 89.99 per cent of the shares in turn through wcl, profit China, profit China (Bamudha) and profit China (barthos).
• There is a significant advantage in kitchen food operations and a strong feed business. 1 company has a significant advantage in kitchen food operations. According to Nelson, the company's share of sales of small packaging oils, modern packaging rice channels, and modern packaging flour channels was 38.4 per cent in 2019.
18.4 per cent, 26.7 per cent, are ranked first in the market. 2 companies have an up-to-date feed business. From the point of view of the supply of chickens, 122,325 units of chickens were renewed in 2019 and 665,000 in January-August 2020; and the country ' s grandparents and fathers in 2019.
The she-daughter yellow feather chicken stock has been at its highest level since 2012, with 1h2020 having an average stock of 155,557 units in the country, an increase of 9 per cent from the previous year. We judge that the pig and chicken industries have moved up the shelf, and that the demand for feed and raw materials will rise steadily.
The company is committed to becoming China’s most representative integrated food group, building core competitiveness through six channels: products, brands, purchases, production, distribution channels, R & D, and quality control.
Large platform advantages, and new products are being introduced. For many years, companies have built strong platform advantages in the agricultural and food processing industries in China, and companies have continued to introduce new products, expand product matrices, and occupy market segments; and a comprehensive brand matrix covers a variety of products, with a clear core brand advantage.
The company owns high-end kitchen food brands such as gold dragonfish, oliverland, middle-end brands full of fragrant gardens, popular brands such as gold dragonfish, or Oliveland, or Hodge Flowers, which has become a famous brand in our integrated food industry; and 3 procurement models are excellent, making costs competitive.
Integrated management of the Ministry to improve procurement efficiency; stable corporate procurement methods, stable supply channels, relatively fair pricing models, and manageable risk of price change; 4 integrated enterprise clusters and circular economies, with two-wheel drive of production competitiveness. Companies reduce costs by building a strategic and integrated business cluster model and follow it.
The circular economic model enhances the value-added of the industrial chain.3 All-channel distribution networks, which strengthen the market base. The Department has set up diversified, all-channel distribution networks throughout the country, including retail outlets, catering channels and food industry channels, which support each other, share resources and develop synergies.
Strong R&D power and good quality control ensure the renewal and trusted quality of the company’s products, build the firm’s core competitiveness, and build the foundations of a firm’s leadership.
The company is the largest in China’s food and oil industry, and the kitchen and feed industries are highly competitive. The company is committed to becoming China’s most representative group of comprehensive food products, brands, purchases, production, distribution channels, research, and quality control, building core competitiveness through six channels.
On the market, the company will finance approximately 13.29 billion yuan, and the proposed projects will be based on the main business kitchen foods, including cooking oil, rice, flour, spices, etc., in line with the company's future business strategy, with a view to improving the production capacity of the kitchen food business, enhancing the company's profitability and expanding the public sector.
The depth and breadth of the Division’s industrial layout.1 China’s large food and oil industry, with an indirect share of 89.99 per cent, has a 1.1 Chinese large grain and oil industry
Research and development, production and marketing of company-owned kitchen foods, feed raw materials and fat technology products, 2019. Revenue from kitchen food operations increased from $82,683 million to $108,783 million, a complex annual growth rate of 9.6 per cent, and feed forage primary operating income and speed of increase.
(b) The company achieved a net return profit of 183 million yuan, an increase of 88.4 per cent.
Figure 3 Company operating income and rate of increase Chart 4 Company net profit return and rate of increase January 2008-present due to reorganization of business, establishment of listed structures, settlement of competition among peers and application of tax agreements
The ratio of post-issue shares held by companies with investments in the open sea is 89.99% and 0.009%, respectively. Beneficiary International, in turn, holds 89.99% of the company’s shares indirectly through wcl holding shares, profit China, profit China (Bermuda), and bathos, and there is no real control over the company since there are no real controllers in the beneficial international reporting period.
The company is based on a chain of agricultural and food processing industries. The main processing processes include the initial processing of agricultural products, advanced processing, fat technology, and the production of staple products such as kitchen foods, feed raw materials and fat technology products.
Lower chains are commercial retailing, catering, food processing, feed, and chemical industries.
2.1.1 The market for edible vegetable oils has grown steadily, and the company’s market is ranked first. The edible oils are classified by category as edible animal oils and edible vegetable oils. In the country’s consumption structure, edible plant oils dominate and edible animal oils are relatively low.
Tens of tons, with an annual compound growth rate of 3.2 per cent, our consumption of vegetable oils has risen from 27.5 million tons to 35.61 million tons, an annual compound growth rate of 3.7 per cent, and the supply and demand gap in the domestic consumption market for oils for consumption has continued to widen since 2012, benefiting domestic companies that process oils for food.
Figure 8 Domestic production and consumption of oil for consumption
As national regulations to limit the sale of bulk oil continue to be in place, the standard of living of the population rises and consumers increase their awareness of food safety, bulk oil sales gradually decrease, and the oil is gradually being packaged. Depending on the raw materials of the oil used, small packagings can be divided into soybean oil, soy sauce, vegetableseed oil, maize oil, corn oil, corn oil, corn oil, corn oil.
Seed oils, groundnuts, etc... Prices are relatively low. Soybean oils, utensils and oils, vegetable oils, etc., are relatively high. In 2019, for example, soybean oils, utensils and oils and vegetableseeds together accounted for 65%.
The share of sales of small packaging oils in figure 11 (%) and small packaging oils in figure 10 (%) was 39.5%, 39.8% and 38.4% respectively in 2017-2019.
Top of the competitor, the company ranks first in the small packaging vegetable oil industry in our country.
Our rice production grew from 134 million tons in 2008 to 147 million tons in 2019, with an annual composite growth rate of 0.85 per cent, and our rice consumption increased from 133 million tons in 2008 to 143 million tons in 2019, with an annual composite growth rate of 0.66 per cent.
The lower barriers to entry into the rice-processing sector have led to a higher number of rice-processing enterprises in our country. In recent years, our rice industry has grown steadily in the number of enterprises larger than the size of the rice industry. According to the National Statistical Office, in 2017, there were about 3,400 enterprises in the rice-processing sector, nearly 700 more than in 2012.
Industrial food, of which food consumption is about 40%. Our rice consumption is dominated by bulk rice, which is relatively low in packaged rice. In recent years, as consumption has risen and consumer awareness of food safety has increased, the share of packing rice has increased, according to Nelson data, from 16.4% to 2019.
17.9 per cent and 18.4 per cent, both ahead of competitors, have the highest market share. Figure 142017-2019: Share of national modern-channel sales by packaging millers. Chart 13: Yearly production and consumption of rice (millions of tons)
2.1.3 The supply of raw materials is stable, and the company ' s market for packing flour is the largest staple food crop after rice and maize in the country, and the country ' s wheat production has stabilized after the year ' s cultivation of some of the crops.
Food consumption accounts for more than 90% of the country’s flour consumption, with bulk and large-packed, medium-packaged flour accounting for the main market share. As the standard of living of the population rises, the requirements for food quality rise, and the demand for packaging flour rises.
According to Nelson, in 2017-2019, the share of the company in the sale of modern channels for packaging flour was 29.1 per cent, 26.5 per cent and 26.7 per cent, respectively, ahead of the competitor, and the market for modern channels for packaging flour was the highest in the company.
Figure 162017-2019: Share of modern national market sales by packaging millers 2.2 Forage, oil supply and demand patterns are improving, industry climate is up, 2.2.1 Animal industry is up and demand for feed raw materials will rise steadily
Forage raw materials include oilseeds and their processed products, grains and their processed products, which are supplied to feed-producing enterprises and are further processed into feed products. Soybeans, one of the most important feedstocks, are used mostly for poultry and pig breeding, and have been widely used in recent years in aquaculture. In 2019, the total supply of soybeans was 7,265.
Ten thousand tons, with a combined growth rate of 6.8 per cent in 2008-2019, a total consumption of 71.3 million tons in 2019 and 7.1 per cent in 2008-2019, were used extensively in the aquatic feed industry as one of the main feed materials.
In 2018, the supply and consumption of vegetables amounted to 5.82 million tons and 5.47 million tons, respectively, which is roughly the same as in 2017. From the point of view of the supply of piglets, the country had a stock of pigs at the end of September 2019.
One hundred and twenty-two million heads, and the birth of pigs will be improved on a seasonal basis. From the supply of chickens, the number of chickens from our ancestors rose by 122,335 thousand in 2019, the amount from our ancestors from January to August 2020 by 665,000 and, if we consider a forced re-entry, the amount from our ancestors from January to August 2020 by 81.66 million, an increase of 2.3 per cent, and in 2019 by year.
The stock of chickens from the ancestral yellow feathers rose by 6.4 per cent from the same year to 4,123.23 million from the same year, representing an increase of 9.9 per cent from the same year, with the grandparents and parents having the highest levels since 2012, with a national average of 1,557 million from the ancestral yellow feather chickens in 1h2020, an increase of 9 per cent from the same year.
The chicken stock averaged 43,575.59 million units, an increase of 8.9 per cent over the same period, and, according to our findings, the raw pig and chicken industries have moved up the shelf and demand for feed and raw materials will rise steadily.
Figure 18: Total supply and consumption of vegetables in the country, 2011-2018 Chart 19: Trends in the stock of pigs in the country Chart 20: Trends in the stock of white chickens in the production of ancestral stock
The fat technology industry includes oil-based chemicals, oil-derived chemicals, nutrients, and solar products. 1 Fatty acid is the most primary and most productive fat-based chemical.
The supply of fatty acid has increased from 1.56 million tons in 2014 to 2.13 million tons in 2018, with a combined annual growth rate of 8%.
There are also extensive applications of agents, solvents and solvents in the areas of food processing, cosmetics and medicine, and our glycerine supply should rise from 350,000 tons in 2014 to 470,000 tons in 2018, at an average annual compound growth rate of 7.1 per cent.
Figure 22 Glycerine supply in China 2014-2018 accelerates industrial integration by upgrading consumption, with the advantage of the branding of leading firms as large as one household. On the one hand, as urbanization progresses and the disposable income of urban and rural residents increases, households are becoming more vulnerable to the use of glycerine.
On the other hand, the higher share of meat and aquaculture in household consumption indirectly increases the demand for upstream feed. The restaurant industry is growing rapidly.
With the rapid growth of the catering industry, “safety, health, beauty” has been raised to “nutrition, health, beauty” and the size, branding and product research and development advantages of leading enterprises will be evident.3 Demand for food manufacturing has continued to grow. The country's food manufacturing industry has continued to grow at a high rate, with higher requirements for the quality and branding of raw materials' kitchens.
The upgrading of consumption in household consumption, catering and food manufacturing, and the establishment of complete standards systems such as national, industry, local and business standards in the food sector will accelerate industrial integration and improve access to the industry.
2.4 The high demand for kitchen foods, such as cooking oil, rice, flour, etc., during the holidays of Mid-Autumn, National Day and Spring Festival, as well as higher sales before the holidays described above, has led to a certain seasonality in the kitchen food industry.
Because demand in the livestock sector is highly volatile over time, the upstream feed industry, as a post-cycle industry, also has cyclical up-and-down fluctuations in sales and profit levels. The seasonal nature of the market consumption of livestock products and the growth of farm animals has led to a high demand for feed for some time before the holidays of Mid-Autumn, National Day, Spring Festival, etc.
There is also a certain seasonality in the upstream feed raw material industry.
With a business strategy in mind, six channels are building core competitiveness, and 3.1 is determined to be the most representative and comprehensive food group in China, owned by the Singapore Benevolent International Group, co-invested by Mr. Kwok and his nephew, Mr. Kwok Kong Fung.
Since 1991, when the company produced the first bottle of “gold dragonfish” for small-packaged oil, the company has stepped up its research, development, production, and increased its influence in kitchen foods, while horizontally addressing the field of feed, fat technology and technology and upgrading its risk-resistant energy.
The company will continue to expand the depth and breadth of its industrial layout to provide consumers with more diversified and nutritious food of good quality, and will work to become the most representative and comprehensive food group in China. Over the long term, the corporate corporate strategic plan covers six products, production, branding, channels, quality control, and research and development.
Dimensions. The product strategy is to continuously enrich and refine the product mix in order to produce high-quality products at competitive costs; the production strategy is to build a strategicly structured and integrated business community that maximizes economies of scale and efficiency, while maintaining a “circle economy” and increasing value addition and extension of the industrial chain through intensive processing; and the branding strategy is to build a multiplicity of firms.
(b) Tier-level brand matrix, which captures a wide range of consumers using a different brand focus; the channel strategy is to continuously optimize its organizational structure and channel layout, in line with changes in the cost collector ' s purchasing patterns and consumer markets, and to continue to build a structured, diversified, nationalized distribution network, using new retail models and downswing strategies;
The control strategy is to establish a quality control system covering the entire industry chain; the company will continue to increase its research and development investment and establish a worldwide research and development centre dedicated to the use of advanced technology for the production of high-quality products that are safe, nutritional, healthy and good for consumer needs.
In the short term, the company’s strategic development plan for the next three years covers six dimensions of products, production, branding, channels, quality control, and warehousing logistics. On the product side, the company will continue to enrich the product mix, develop more healthy, deliciously good foods, and actively expand the product class into the sub-division areas of central kitchens, frozen flour, yeast, and so on.
High value added for products; for production, the company plans to build new production bases in rich counties, Wenzhou, Taihara, Lanzhou, Hoyoshi, Qingdao, etc., in Quizihar city, further enhancing size advantages and reducing production costs; for branding, the company will build a systematic brand matrix and increase advertising input; for pipelines, the company will build a network of channels to explore them.
Retail modalities: In terms of quality control, companies will continue to strengthen controls over product quality and food safety: in terms of warehousing logistics, they will continue to accelerate the construction of specialized and intelligent warehousing logistics systems, speed the flow of goods and reduce the cost of warehousing logistics.
3.2 A six-channel core competitiveness with a business strategy orientation, firms gradually building core competitiveness from the six channels of products, brands, procurement, production, distribution channels, R & D and quality control, building on the many-year reputational and powerful platform advantages of the farming industry.
Product research and development, continuous expansion of the brand matrix, introduction of new products, while reducing costs through the creation of a strategic and integrated business community, using the revolving economy to enhance value addition in the industrial chain, and maintaining long-term customers, while constantly promoting downswings and exploring new retail models, increasing the volume of business sales and strengthening the market base.
3.2.1 A strong platform advantage has been built up over the years by means of powerful platform advantages, which rely on the purchase of raw materials, production and processing, technology research and development, marketing and branding
The food products in the kitchen are divided into large and medium packaging (for catering customers) and small packaging (for retail customers) to meet the needs of different customers.
The main products are basic chemicals (fat acids, etc.), fat derivatives (paper-based chemicals, etc.) and solar products (vitamin e, etc.), for customers with different types of demand.
3.2.2 The composite brand matrix covers a wide range of products, and the core brand advantage is evident, with a brand value of 39.854 billion yuan, according to the World Brand Laboratory, China 's 500 Most Valued Brands, 2019; and the White Paper Top 100megabrands, 2019, published by Ewyn International.
Gold Dragonfish is branded 21st in the world’s fast consumer goods. The company owns kitchen food high-end gold dragonfish, O Riveran, middle-end brands full of fragrant gardens, popular brand medals, and so on; the company has famous feed brands, known as fat technology brands, sharp dragons, clean spirits, etc.
“Golden Dragonfish,” “Orivelan,” and “Hukihua” have become famous brand names in our integrated food industry, and strong brand influence is a combination of competitive advantages of companies. As consumers’ awareness of food branding increases, the future of corporate branding will become more evident.
3.2.3 Good procurement patterns, building cost competitiveness. The company's main business is kitchen food and feed raw materials and fat technology, and direct materials constitute the company's main cost, with the cost of direct materials accounting for 87.8 per cent of the company's main business in 2019.
Direct material costs account for 88.3 per cent of the cost of kitchen operations. The company manages procurement through the Ministry of Industry, has stable supply channels, manages the risk of price volatility of raw materials, and so forth, enhances the company ' s cost-control and risk-resistant capabilities, and builds the company ' s cost competitiveness.
The Ministry of Industry, based on industry policy and prices for raw materials, conducts uniform procurement management, which helps to control the cost of raw materials and improves the efficiency of procurement. Each Ministry of Enterprise formulates an overall procurement plan based on the annual product marketing plan and production arrangements, and assigns the procurement plan to the factories;
In accordance with its own production plan, the Department's factories determine in advance the types, quantities and arrival times of agricultural by-products, and issue specific purchase orders to suppliers after approval by the Ministry of Industry.
Food collectors, open-market auctions, etc., buy raw materials, have stable partnerships with their clients, and the procurement model is stable. Rich international and adm are all associated with companies in the top five suppliers. Among them, the world’s largest producer of palm oil, accounting for about one-third of the market share of palm oil on the international market in 2019.
Beneficiary International provided 56.06% of the gold dragonfish palm and lunar cinnamon oil; adm provided 11.95% of the gold dragonfish soybeans and processed products to important agricultural suppliers such as soybeans worldwide in 2019. Pricing patterns are relatively fair and price change risks are manageable. Pricings are usually negotiated or competitive and are relatively fair.
In order to avoid the risk of price volatility, companies hedge through derivative financial instruments such as futures, options, etc. in open markets such as the Chicago Futures Exchange, the Canada Intercontinental Exchange, the Dalian Commodity Exchange and the Chengzhou Commodity Exchange, in order to avoid as much as possible the adverse effects of fluctuations in the prices of raw materials and products on the operations of dry companies.
3.2.4 Integrated clusters of enterprises and circular economies, dual-wheel-drive production competitiveness Companies are committed to a two-wheel-driven upgrading of the productive capacity of firms by reducing costs through the construction of a strategic integrated enterprise cluster model on the one hand, and upgrading the value added of the industrial chain through a circular economic model on the other.
1 Reduction of costs through an integrated business group model based on strategic national layouts, where companies create integrated clusters of enterprises in strategic provinces and cities (e.g., Taizhou, Royal Qin Island, etc.) to maximize efficiency and economies of scale.
The Ministry has set up a unified system of energy, supply of raw materials and warehousing logistics, which is managed in an administrative, logistical and other context, with the aim of sharing resources, saving costs and improving efficiency.
2 Upgrading the value added of the industrial chain through a revolving economic model. Companies insist on the sustainable development of science and technology-led industries, and innovatively develop new industrial models for a “dry-dry economy” that allow rice resource value to be fully exploited through “dry-dry-dry-dry” deep processing.
The main lines of the circular model are “order planting, precision processing, product branding, by-product use, high-tech technology research and development” and the full development of the country’s produce of soybean, maize, wheat, etc. through sophisticated processing models.
Resource value, leading to a shift in agro-processing from primary to advanced processing, from resource-consumption to efficient utilization
Depending on the consumer’s consumption patterns, the company has established a diversified, all-channel distribution network that includes retail channels, catering channels, and food industry channels throughout the country.
According to the distribution pattern, after many years of operation, the company has built up a marketing model that is largely based on direct sales (about 70%), supported by sales (about 30%).1 Direct sales are directed to large customers.
Rural foundations, real kung fu, etc.), raw power platforms (beautiful foods, fast donkeys, etc.), baked chains, large food industries (manufacturing, McDonald's, etc.); feed raw materials and fat technology products are mainly sold to feed companies (Winth, New Hope, Twins, Jung-dae, Jong-bong, etc.), large solar enterprises (Pocer, Solvy, etc.)
2 Distributors mean that companies and distributors cooperate in sales using a buyout approach. For the last three years, companies have maintained the principle of sunk channels, strengthened their cooperation with distributors, increased from 3190 to 4406 dealers, with an average compound growth rate of 17.5% per year, and gradually built up a full-scale, stereoized network of distributors and distributors throughout the country.
The proportion of direct sales and distribution patterns in figure 38 is 3.2.6, which is very strong and very well-controlled. The company values R & D innovation and has a strong R & D power.
As of 31 December 2019, the company had 428 patents and 317 R & D workers, of whom 70% had more than a full degree. In addition, the R & D centre and the Chinese Food and Oil Society, the Chinese Nutrition Society, and the Chinese Nutrition Institute, had more than 70% of R & D staff.
A number of institutions, including the American Society of Oil and Gas Chemists, Shanghai Transport University, Jiangnan University, Yangzhou University, and higher education insurance companies have made food safety and product quality a top priority, establishing comprehensive safeguards in line with stringent global standards. Some plant testing centres have been accredited with Iso 17025 and are seeking to build raw materials.
Production-storage logistics – customer-to-client whole-line management systems that ensure food safety and product quality. Strong research and development and good quality control, which ensure the renewal and trusted quality of the company’s products, build the firm’s core competitiveness, and lay the foundation for the company’s leadership.
The firm's commitment to product R & D and quality control has made the company's product sound in the consumer's mind.4 The proposed project is expected to boost capacity and deepen the layout.
Convergence projects (e.g. Food and Oil Processing Base Project in the New Zone of Lanzhou (phase I), Yei Jiari Group Food and Oil Deep Processing Project, etc.), kitchen food oils (e.g. Yae Hae Jiari (Qingdao) Favorite Oil and Gas Processing Project, etc.), kitchen flour projects (e.g. Yae Hae Jiari (Thai State) Food Industries Ltd.) processed 1 million people at the beginning of the year
The proposed investment amounts and projects are summarized in the table below. The proposed projects are based on kitchen foods for the main business, including food oil, rice, flour, spices, etc., and are consistent with the strategic direction of the company's future operations, which are expected to enhance the production capacity of the kitchen food business and enhance the profitability of the company.
The company is a giant in China's grain and oil industry, and the kitchen food business has significant advantages, and the feed business has gone up.
As China’s most representative and integrated food group, core competitiveness is built through six channels: products, brands, procurement, production, distribution channels, research, and development, and quality control. With the launch board on the market, the company will finance approximately 13.29 billion yuan, and the proposed projects will be organized around kitchen food for the main business, including cooking oil, rice, flour, and spices.
Consistent with the strategic direction of the company’s future operations, it is expected that the performance of kitchen food operations will be enhanced, the profitability of the company will be enhanced, and the depth and breadth of the company’s industrial profile will be enhanced.
The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly, the result of specific recommendations or views in this report.