December 3, 2020, the food and rice industry led the way, consolidated the oil packaging lead, extended the industry chain and performed well.
Step-by-step growth: In 1990, the company introduced the first bottle of “gold dragonfish” to become the cornerstone of the oil-eating industry in the country.
Broad coverage. In 2019, companies achieved revenue of 17.7 billion yuan, an increase of 2.2 per cent, corresponding to a net gain of 5.4 billion yuan, an increase of 5.5 per cent for the same year, with 64 per cent of the company ' s income from kitchen food, growth opportunities resulting from rising consumption, and diversified development of the food and oil industry: 1) edible oil: hundreds of millions of cities
As the consumption level of the population rises, small- and medium-packaging oils tend to be used. After a rapid increase in 2005-2013, China’s packing oils gradually entered the maturation stage, which slowed down, with the domestic market for packing oils breaking out in 19 years, amounting to hundreds of billions of dollars.
The future will continue to expand. In terms of competition patterns, domestic packaging oils cr5 is 67.4%, with higher concentration. 2) Meadows: demand for staples is slowing down and companies are at the top of the list. Million tons of rice. Rice and small as a result of changes in the diet of our population and the restructuring of traditional agriculture, rice and smallness.
The demand for wheat is rising at a smoother rate. The concentration of packaging rice is high, cr3>40%, and the company’s share of packaging rice and flour modern channels in 2019 was 18.4.26%, respectively, higher than that of competitors.
End: Cost control of raw materials + industry chain layout reduces operating costs. In terms of production costs, companies have a wealth of experience in controlling costs, on the one hand, through network management of dealers' inventories, to optimize production and operating rhythms, and, on the other hand, through derivative financial instruments such as hedging to reduce raw materials significantly.
Through the circular economy, companies are able to transform and upgrade their industries, making them more extensive, more value-added, and more connected. In terms of transport costs, companies have 65 production bases that have been put into production, and integrated industrial chain layouts can improve operational efficiency.
The company actively optimizes the distribution layout, expands the border of the battalion, focuses on the urban, rural, and township markets at the county level, and actively promotes the downfall of the channel.
Strong channels, opening up space for diversity. The company’s full-source marketing network provides a good basis for its promotion of other kitchen foods, with sustained input, modern packaging rice channels, market access first, and the sesame oil industry first three.
(a) A project to further refine the product matrix, with an annual average valuation of 28/19 times, with companies leading the way, with significant advantages in brand premiums, channel controls, and a potential increase in profitability after diversification, and the enjoyment of valuation premiums;
The food and rice industry leads the brand, the oil packaging industry is based on 1.1.30 vehicles of innovative refining, the packaging of oil leaders, 30 years of wind and rain, creating the first brand of national grain and oil.
The joint venture established the South China Sea Investment (the Golden Dragonfish forerunner), introduced a packaged series of oil products, completed the education of domestic oil for domestic packaging and secured the first throne; since then, the Golden Dragonfish has used the synergies of the channels to create rice-surface operations and to open up multi-metapolars, which have now become the country ' s first brand of food and oil.
Table 1: Golden Dragonfish development main time line Annual sales of cooking and catering channels through 1 million tons.
One food industry sells more than 1 million tons of fat annually, becoming the official food and oil sponsor of the 2022 Olympic Winter Games in Beijing, with a multi-brand strategy.
The multiplicity of product arrays expands the product mix to cover a wide range of consumers. Research data on Nelson shows that in 2019 companies had a share of 38.4% in the small packaging of vegetable oils, and 18.4% in the modern distribution of packaging rice, both of which were the first city to compete in large numbers and became the middle class of rice-food oil.
The parent company is strong and has a stake-holding interest. 99.9% of pre-market companies are owned by Expense International, 0.01% by Open Sea Investment Holdings, and the owner of Open Sea Investments is mainly Golden Dragonfish Workers; Beneficiary International is Singapore's listed company, the largest palm oil processing company in the world, with its main operations divided into palm and lunar oil, oilseeds and grains.
Sugar and other businesses have four major plates. One of the major shareholders in the International Profiling Company is the United States company adm, an agricultural production, processing and manufacturing company known for oilseeds, maize, and wheat processing. Adm and the International Profiling have also become one of the main suppliers of gold dragonfish, and raw materials and production have a synergistic effect.
1.2. Steady growth, with elephants dancing and income and net profits growing steadily. In 19 years, companies achieved $17.7 billion in revenue, an increase of 2.2 per cent over the same period, corresponding to a net gain of $5.4 billion, an increase of 5.5 per cent over the same period.
3.3 per cent. Sixteen years of high volatility in profits due to derivative losses, the company has maintained a steady growth since then. Figure 5: Golden Dragonfish income in a steady period of growth. Figure 6: Increased demand due to the epidemic. High profit growth.
The gold dragonfish kitchen contributes mainly to the company ' s food, accounting for 64% of the company ' s revenue in 19 and a total profit of 77% of the company ' s main business; refined oil by-products, such as soybeans, are produced for sale as feed raw materials, mainly for industrial customers; and fat technology contributes about 15% of the company ' s income.
According to the sub-operation, the level of deep processing is relatively high and the higher turnover of the higher consumer kitchen products (the main force is cooking oil) is higher, with the operating profit rate of the kitchen foods being 4.9 per cent in 19 years, higher than the ratio of feed raw materials and fat technology 2.1 pct. Sales revenue is about 30 per cent, calculated here as about 30 per cent; 2, turnover = total profit/outward earnings of the sub-species.
2. Industry: The food and oil market has developed in a variety of ways, and the industry has become more diversified. The country ' s rural disposable income in 2019 was 42,359 yuan and 120,61 yuan, respectively, in six years.
In 2019, we achieved 4672 billion yuan in the catering sector and 11.42% of the cagr in nine years. Higher consumption and expansion of the catering sector have stimulated demand for oil and rice.
In 2024, it is expected to reach $118.3 billion, from which the country has a strong demand, and domestic production cannot meet the demand. According to the National Food and Oil Information Centre, it is estimated that in 2024 it will reach $11.8 billion.
Ten thousand tons of oil. In the 2017/18 market year, we produced 29.6 million tons of oil, reaching 4.55 per cent of cagr in five years, and 34.4 million tons of domestic oil consumption in the same period, reaching 4.54 per cent of cagr in five years.
Enterprises, with a market share of 39.6 per cent in 2019, are far higher than the second-largest food group, followed by Shandong-hwa, Shanghai, with fine and long-lived flowers/Kyoto. In 2019, the domestic packaging oils market was 67.4 per cent, with a higher concentration of industry and a stable pattern of competition.
2.2. The share of marketed vegetable oils for small packagings has gradually increased, and the share of traditional 5l food oils sold has declined slightly. In recent years, with the introduction of national regulations to limit the sale of bulk oil, the improvement of living standards of the population and the elimination of such sales.
The cost-payers’ growing awareness of food safety has led to a gradual increase in the consumption of small and medium-packaging oil, which dominates the oil-eating market. Between 2014 and 2019, the share of small and medium-packaging oil sold below 5l was close to 60%, and the share of traditional packagings decreased slightly.
The company has a leading market share in China’s small-packaged vegetable oil industry. According to Nelson, the company’s sales share in 2017, 2018 and 2019 were 39.5%, 39.8% and 38.4%, respectively.
Seed oils, groundnuts, etc. In terms of sales, soybean oils, edible oils, vegetableseed oils and corn oils account for the bulk of the packs containing vegetable oils at 30%, 23%, 16%, 12%, respectively. In terms of sales, edible oils, groundnuts, soya oils and vegetableseeds account for the bulk of sales of small-packaged vegetable oils.
20 per cent, 19 per cent, 17 per cent and 15 per cent respectively. Figure 15: Share of small packaging vegetable oil sales (%) Figure 16: Share of small packaging vegetable oil sales (%)
The sale of high-value-added oils, such as olive oil, has increased faster than the sale of soybean oil, by way of a breakdown. E-Wise data show that in 2019 the country retailed $103.1 billion in food oil, of which soybean oil was about $36.6 billion, representing 35.54 per cent of total retail sales, an increase of 0.5 per cent over the same period; olive oil, a low but fastest growing increase, an increase of 8.2 per cent over the same period;
In 19 years, the growth rate of sunflower oil, vegetable oil and other food oils was 4 per cent, 3.6 per cent and 3.8 per cent, respectively, and the population ' s choice of food oil was increasingly diversified, and high-value-added oils, such as olive oil, were becoming more popular.
Our rice production has increased since 2008, with 149 million tons of rice produced in 2017 and 1.19 per cent of cagr in nine years. Our rice production in 2019 was 147 million tons, a slight decrease from previous years. On the demand side, we consumed 143 million tons of rice in 2013 and over the past five years.
1.92% of cagr. Rice consumption has been declining since 2003 as a result of changes in the diet of our population and the restructuring of traditional agriculture. Flour is mainly processed from wheat. Wheat is the main food crop in the country after rice and maize, and has grown around 20% of the total area of food crops in the past year.
The annual growth in wheat production, which averaged 2.32 per cent annually, slowed down after 2015. In 2019, we produced 13.359 million tons of wheat. Figure 17: China ' s rice production and consumption in 2008-2019
Figure 18: Our wheat production from 2008 to 2019, wrapping the rice face, cr3>40%, is solid. According to Nelson, by volume, the market share of the modern channels for packing rice and packing flour is the highest. Companies, 2017, 2018 and 2019.
In 2017, 2018 and 2019, the shares of companies in the sales of modern channels for packaging flour were 26.9 per cent, 29.1 per cent and 26.5 per cent, respectively.
2.4. Forage raw materials: downstream cycle warming and steady growth. Livestock development stimulates demand for feed raw materials, and the country ' s total feed production rises from year to year. According to data from the Chinese Association of Feeding Industries, the country ' s total feed production in 2018 was approximately 228 million tons, with a combined annual growth rate from 2008 to 2018.
5.25 The demand for feed products in the downstream farming industry has led to the development of the feed raw material industry. 2018 The number of live pigs in the country has risen by 69,382 million, the number of cattle by 43,974,800, the number of sheep by 31,10,049 and the number of poultry by 13,08,936 only, maintaining a single-digit increase compared to the previous year.
Figure 21: The number of pigs, cattle, sheep in the country, 2009-2018
Figure 23: Total feed production in the country, 2008-2018
From the data point of view: efficient operations, strong bargaining power up and down. Companies have stronger bargaining rights for distributors and their direct customers, relatively high turnover of receivables, dealers ' purchases are mainly in the form of pre-payment settlements, companies conduct a full credit evaluation of distributors every year, and a small number of good-credit dealers apply for approval before they can enjoy a certain amount of credit.
3.1. Cost control of raw materials + vertical extension reduces operating costs, opening the way to supply chain optimization, and boosting efficiency releases long-term dynamic energy. In historical development, corporate cost control
In addition, in 2017, the company created the Supply Chain Management Department to lead the digital transformation of the supply chain, continuously optimizing the supply chain network and promoting material planning projects, production plans, high-level scheduling projects, procurement throughout the country.
Management of platform projects, etc., seeks to coordinate efficient cooperation among departments and to help the Ministry to improve its operational efficiency. 3.1.1. Raw materials are the main production costs, with sufficient experience in cost control, with sufficient experience in cost control of raw materials. The cost of raw materials in companies reached 88% in 19 years, thus controlling raw materials.
In 2016, Argentina’s flood and tradable funds were heavily involved in futures markets.
As a result, the prices of 16q2 soybean futures fluctuated abnormally, and company hedging transactions coincided with rapid and abnormal price fluctuations, resulting in a deficit of $3.4 billion in derivative financial instruments for the year.
Figure 27: Total gains and losses on corporate commodity derivative financial instruments 3.1.2. Real estate sales mode reduces transport costs
There are plans to build new production bases in Qiqihar, Wenzhou, Taiwon, Lanzhou, Yutsu and Qingdao.
By clustering industrial chains up and down in one production base, one factory produces raw materials for another, thereby reducing the logistics and inventory costs of the whole. The complex is based on the industrial chain, vertically integrated layout, and internal integration.
Energy, supply of raw materials and warehousing logistics systems for resource sharing, cost savings and efficiency gains. Table 6: ipo fund-raising project 3.1.3. Extension of the industrial chain to waste
In 1991, the company’s first bottle of small-packaged cooking oil was launched, and the gold dragonfish’ exploration of the circular economy was advanced in the industry. In 2006, the company created its first experimental base in Jamus, which explored “deep processing,”
In 2017, the company's Yuehai (Jamus) Food and Oil Industries Company Ltd. was officially approved by the National Development and Reform Commission as a pilot unit for the standardization of rice processing cycle economies. Based on high-quality raw materials, companies process high-quality branded rice, thereby increasing product premium capacity; and use the main by-product rice shells for power generation.
And extract high-value-added products such as white black and activated carbon from riceshell ash; by-product rice can be used to extract high-nutrient rice oils, rice can beams and rice can be further processed into raw ingredients for a variety of foods and health products. Through the circular economy, companies are transforming and upgrading their industries, making them wider, more value-added and more connected.
3.2. Channel control, horizontal extension of the creation of the food and oil empire 3.2.1. The direct-camp ratio is high, the channel control is strong, and the distribution channel-aided channels sink into space. Sales people are encouraged to upgrade and optimize the distribution layout to extend the operating boundary.
Continuing expansion, increasing coverage, while actively developing developed cities, focusing on the urban, rural and township markets at the county level, actively promoting the downfall of channels, currently covering more than 2,800 municipalities and counties across the country, with a total of 31 marketing branches, 24 direct marketing departments, with over 1.3 million terminals.
Direct channels contribute 70% of the revenue, and smart management distributors contribute to business empowerment. In 19 companies contributed 69% of the income, making a major contribution, direct operations mainly to larger businesses, restaurants, factories, and parts of the power supply platform, and distributors cover both traditional channels and small and medium-sized customers.
With the increase in the number and density of distributors, the average single sales volume of the new distributors has declined year by year, and the income of the new distributors in 19 years is about 30% of the older distributors. The rates of direct sales and distribution of Māori vary according to the product structure.
By sharing operational management data, companies can improve their efficiency by sharing information on the sale of different products, inventories, scientific discharges, etc.
3.2.2. Relying on strong channels, derivatives, diversification, and opening up a space for growth Reproduces successful experiences in cooking oil, building on old channels to fast-track rice operations. The company has developed a wealth of business chain management experience over the years in the agricultural and food processing industries in China. Based on the huge market demand for rice, the company is based on the huge market demand for rice.
Successful experiences of small packaging and branding of edible oil have gradually been replicated in the area of small packaging rice. By controlling multiple links to upstream supply, processing layout, and marketing transport, the product’s competitive advantage has been enhanced, relying on the existing cooking canals.
Table 10: Golden Dragon Fish Stocking Rice Operations, 2006: Created the first experimental base of the Rice Cycle Economic Model in Gamus to explore a new industry model of “deep processing, waste-making as treasure”; 280,000 acres were planted in order farming with local farmers over a three-year period and market per kilogram.
The first rice-processing plant was established in July 2008 in Jilin province, and three rice-processing plants were built within six months, expanding at a very rapid pace. In 2006, $1 billion was invested to launch a food and oil processing project in Gamus, the third of which was the construction of a strategic loading point.
The rice business, based on the old oil-eating channels, quickly entered the major supermarkets, where “every place where it can be bought can buy rice from the gold dragonfish.” The sesame oil is running straight for the top three of the stable industries, and the joint-venture sauce business is testing water. The sesame oil has a high nutrient value and is historical.
One of the long-standing varieties of vegetable oil. With technological upgrading, gold dragonfish sesame has also attained world-class quality, meeting the trend towards a healthy, high-end, refined market for cooking oil. In 2019, the company sesame oil market reached 15%, holding the top three in the industry. In 2015, the gold dragonfish parent company, Haekari and Taiwan's 100-year-old pill.
The Grain Oil Co-building Project, which brings high-end black beans to the market, takes its place. 4. Profit predictions and investment proposals. Kitchen food: 2020 consumption preferences due to the catalyzing of the epidemic.
The recovery of the catering industry, which is expected to be at an all-time speed by 2020; the acceleration of the chaining of catering channels in 2021, accompanied by increased industrial concentration, will contribute to higher income growth. Forage raw materials and fat technology: the feed business accounts for about 70%, and is expected to rise downstream in the future as the pig comes out of the field.
At the same time, due to the impact of the epidemic, companies are expected to invest more costs this year in a better structure and more profitable profits than revenues, which has been accompanied by a gradual increase in net interest rates. We expect the company to double its net profit in 2020-2022, while goldfish, as a leader in the industry, has a significant advantage in brand premiums and channel control, and a premium.
With socio-economic development, rising levels of per capita income and changing diets, new consumption trends and consumption concepts are emerging as consumer age structures and levels evolve.
Without timely insight into consumption trends and changes in downstream demand, and optimized product structures to meet the needs of new generations of consumers, companies may be affected to some extent in the marketing of their products. Uncertainties associated with the epidemic and the impact on macroeconomic volatility also reduce consumer confidence, and sales of products from catering channels may decline in terms of distribution channels.
In 2017, 2018 and 2019, the cost of raw materials for corporate products was based on prices in domestic and international commodity markets, in which the prices of agricultural products such as soybean, wheat and rice were subject to climate, natural disasters, global supply and demand, policy regulation, tariffs, domestic and foreign market conditions and trade frictions (including:
The risks posed by competition in the industry. The food industry in our kitchen is competitive, and companies face changes in consumer preferences and consumption, consumer brand loyalty, introduction of new products, competitive pricing strategies, substitution of commodities to replace the public.
The profitability of a company will depend on its ability to anticipate and respond to such competitive pressures. If a company's share of the existing market is reduced or profits are reduced as a result of competition, its business development and performance may be adversely affected.
Food safety risks. As consumer health awareness increases and interest protection increases, food safety and quality control become a top priority for companies. One of the company’s main products is kitchen food, and the occurrence of food safety incidents of widespread concern may have an impact on the company’s market demand for all types of kitchen food.
Quality management systems are also strictly enforced, but do not exclude the possibility of product quality problems arising from negligence in the quality management of companies, other unforeseen causes and force majeure.