Consumer Upgrade and Entertainment Research Centre Gold Dragonfish (300999.sz) buy-in (first rating) Industry integration + rice-surface structural upgrading to take good care of the tap space
The policy promotes agricultural supply-side reforms, and the future of the industry is one of scale-up and process-deepening. The country’s agro-processing industry is characterized by a low level of precision processing and low utilization of processing by-products.
In the light of the current state of the sector and the policy orientation, we believe that the future development of the agro-processing sector is one of the future trends in the agro-processing sector.
In the area of kitchen products, there is room for expansion of the packaging of rice surfaces.
In 2019, the company accounted for 38.4 per cent of small-packaged oil, rice and flour, respectively. Shen Jia Yeon, 18.4 per cent and 26.7 per cent, ranked first. In 2019, the country consumed oil, rice and wheat, respectively.
The demand trend is more stable, with 34.4, 143 and 111 million tons. We believe there is a structural upward trend in the area of packaging rice flour, with a clearer pattern of competition in the area of cooking oil, with more than 60% in the city of cr3 and a future increase mainly in the penetration and higher-end oil ratio at the end of the restaurant; rice and flour.
It's branding, packaging products instead of bulk products. Corporate advantage: technology support + scale effect + down channel.
Research and development is at the forefront of the industry. In 2019, the company collected $17.7 billion, with net profits of $4.478 billion from non-repatriation. On the basis of its size, the country-wide layout has been used to effectively reduce production costs and transport costs.
▪ The plan raised $13.87 billion for the production of kitchen products, which are expected to be additional pressurized, refined and 46.35 million tonnes/year: 49.5, 300.8, 2.1 million tonnes/year for rice, wheat, flour processing.
▪ Based on trends in industrial concentration and structural upgrading, as well as corporate size and channel advantages, pre-macroeconomic downs/price volatility of raw materials/increased competition in industry/food safety issues/financial derivatives trading Policies drive supply-side reforms, scaling up and deepening are trends in agro-processing
The country’s by-products are less highly processed, the industry itself has less value-added processing, less sophisticated processing, and less efficient processing of by-products. In the case of gold dragonfish, the processing chain of its by-products industry consists of primary processing, precision processing, and fat technology.
The level of precision processing is generally low, and more than 60% of the processing by-products are not integrated, while in modern times the rate of transformation of agricultural processing in the powerful agricultural countries exceeds 85%. The level of equipment in our agricultural processing technologies lags far behind that of the developed countries, where the ratio of agricultural to processed production is 1:2.3, compared to the developed countries.
By-products themselves are less value-added and extend the industry chain to higher profits. For example, gold dragonfish has a Māori rate of about 12% for kitchen products and 8% for feed raw materials and fat technology products.
Around the same time, the main listed agro-processing enterprises, including Dao-hyan, Kyoto food holdings, and the Kim Jianmei industry, have a combined Māori rate of around 10%, which can be seen in the overall low level of Māori in the industry. Enhancing the precision and depth of the work chain can extend the chain and maximize the value added of agricultural products.
At the policy level, the 13th Five-Year Plan explicitly calls for the development of large-scale food enterprises.
The plan outlines the country’s efforts to develop internationally competitive large-scale food producers, a well-structured, integrated and efficient industrial system.
In December 2018, the State Council proposed the development and transformation of the food industry as an important measure to support the technological, equipment, and model upgrading of processing enterprises.
Quality development through the extension of the industrial chain. Figure 4: Summary of agricultural supply-side reform policies, taking into account the current state of the industry and policy orientation, we consider scale-up and refinement of the process to be by-product processing.
In order to achieve economies of scale and high-quality development, the market share will be more concentrated on top firms, as the leading firms are better equipped, equipped, and supply chains.
In the area of kitchen products, there is room for expansion of the packaging of the rice surfaces, there is still room for improvement in the concentration of the packaging oil, and the product upgrade is expected to increase the consumption of the country's cooking oil, which is slowly increasing and the price is stable.
Heart statistics, 2017/18 market year, we produced 29.3 million tons of vegetable oil, 34.4 million tons of oil, and basic balance of supply and demand; prices for the main category of barrel oil remained stable from 2012/13 to 2017/18 to the present, and peanut oil was small in 2020
Figure 5: Production and consumption of cooking oil in the country Figure 6: Trends in retail prices of packing oil (in yuan/litres)
At the end of the market for small-packaged oils, the top three were Golden Dragonfish, Fukupingmen and Ruhua, with 38.4%, 12.5% and 11.2% of the three in 2019, and the city of Cr3 was over 60%. According to official data from Yei-Hai-Gari, Yei-Gari's share of oil consumption in the overall industry was estimated at about 21%, which is why it is not branded.
Oil and bulk oil continue to account for a certain share of the market, especially in catering channels. As consumer safety awareness increases and chains of food are growing rapidly, the market share of branded packaging oil will rise further, regardless of whether it is at home or at the end of the restaurant.
In our traditional diet, although the megga-6 fatty acid is necessary for the human body, over-ingestion is harmful and can cause inflammation, while the mega-3 and mega-9 fatty acid intake in our diet is relatively inadequate.
In recent years, in our small-packaged oil market, the share of oil and soybean oil has been gradually reduced, the share of peanut oil, vegetableseed oil (rich with omega-9 fatty acid) has risen, and olive oil and linenseed oil have gradually entered the consumer’s perspective.
The tap companies of the table have also started to lay new directions, such as gold dragonfish developing new products such as rice oil, oiled teaseed oil, while the gravy groups focusing on peanut oil also produce new high-end oil products such as omega-9 peanut butter.
In the case of the golden dragonfish, the price of its main food oil product in the Skycat channel, we found the highest average price of teaseed oil, linen seed oil, olive oil, tea seed oil, or even ten times the price of soybeans oil. However, it was measured that the price of linensee oil was 10 times the price of soybean oil.
The price of raw materials is even lower than the price of soybeans and peanuts, and the price of raw materials for teaseed oil is higher, but far from the price gap for products. So we think that in the area of high-end cooking oil, the Maori space for products is clearly better than that for ordinary food oils. As consumer education is complete, the demand for high-end oil is yet to be released, and it is more profitable than gross.
Rice, flour packaging rates need to be raised, head brand consolidation markets have stabilized demand for rice and wheat, the price of packing rice has fluctuated little and the price of packing flour has steadily increased. Production and consumption of rice in 2019 reached 147 million tons and 143 million tons of wheat, respectively.
Production and consumption reached 214 and 111 million tons, respectively. Demand for rice and wheat has stabilized in recent years, and domestic production has fully covered demand. From 2014 onwards, retail prices for small-packaged rice have remained largely stable and volatile; and retail prices for small-packaged flour have been nearer.
In the area of rice and flour, branding and packaging are currently relatively low, bulk sales are still present and common.
According to the Bureau of Statistics, in 2017 there were more than 3,000 wheat processors nationwide, with more than half of the small and medium-sized enterprises with a daily processing capacity of 200 tons or less, the vast majority of which were uneconomical, low-tech, high-cost enterprises.
The market share was 41 per cent, while the market share of the miller cr3 was 43.8 per cent. According to the official data from Yelgary, company wheat production accounted for 4.4 per cent of the industry, while rice production accounted for 1.8 per cent of the industry, with significant scope for improvement.
We believe that packaging products will gradually replace bulk products. On the one hand, consumer quality safety awareness is increasing, packaging products are more safe than bulk products. On the other hand, with the rise of electric power, community buys, o2o platforms, Internet purchases of kitchen supplies become more common, and packaging is more common.
Special flour and high-end rice are well developed, and brand products are more advantageous. Special flour can satisfy specific requirements for the quality of flour from different foods, such as biscuits, bread powder, and the current market.
Specialized flour is growing rapidly in our country, rising from 11.8 million tons in 2015 to 20.5 million tons in 2019, and 14.9 per cent in Cagr. Specialized flour is growing at a much faster rate than the industry as a whole, with special flour accounting for 30 per cent of total flour production in 2019.
Rice is growing rapidly, with markets rising from $12.3 billion in 2013 to 24.6 billion in 2017, with consumers demanding higher quality of products, stronger brand recognition and loyalty, and better brand manufacturers.
Corporate advantages: technology support, scale effects, channel downfall  Company has been engaged in oil research and development and production for more than 30 years in the domestic oil packaging sector, where the company is in the position of a municipal leader who first pushes the packaging to refine oil and leads to an upturn in the consumption of oil by expatriates
In addition, the company has created an experimental base for the rice cycle economy model. Increasing value added at the end of production by extending the industrial chain and deep processing, reducing soybean demand while achieving rice.
Production of rice oils: This project has received the attention of the Government and has become a demonstration project. Consumption in the field of food oils has been upgraded: in 1988, the first fat factory in China was built and was officially launched in 1990.
To fill the gap in the domestic market for small-packaged oils, the country’s population has moved from bulk oils to the consumption of small-packaged refined oils. In 2002, the second generation of golden dragonfish modulated and oiled the country’s consumption of oil rose from “safe” to “nutritional health.”
Emphasis on R & D and quality upgrading: In 2000, the company invested $30 million in the establishment of the Hagrid Research and Development Centre, the country ' s first specialized centre for integrated research and development of oil, oil and fat.
The Ball Research and Development Centre, chaired by the Foreign Academy of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, became the largest global food and oil industry actively exploring the “Ria circulation economy model”: in 2006, the first experimental base for the “Ria circulation economy model” was created in Gamus, exploring the “deep processing, waste-making” of a whole new industry.
Models. By using rice shells, the main by-product of rice processing, to generate electricity and extract high-value-added products such as white carbon black and activated carbon from rice crust ash; by-product rice can be used to extract high-nutrient-value rice oils, rice beams, rice beams can be further processed into a variety of foods, preservations, etc.
In addition to rice, its value is fully exploited through intensive processing of agricultural products such as soybeans, corn, wheat. In 2017, the oil and food industry was limited.
In 2019, the company sold 19.33 million tons of kitchen supplies and 22.35 million tons of feed raw materials and fat technology products.
In 2019, the company earned 17.7 billion yuan in operating income and 4.5 billion yuan in net profit on non-repatriation. In 2016-2019, the combined growth rate of operating income and net profit on repatriation was 8.55% and in figure 20: Corporate operating income and speed of growth, respectively.
In the area of packaging rice, companies rank first in the market share of sales in retail channels. Companies provide small packagings and medium packaging products, including cooking oil, rice, flour, spices, etc., to customers at the end of the household and at the end of the restaurant, respectively; and special fats, animal fats, etc. for customers in the food industry.
In the area of small packaging vegetable oils, rice and flour, the BD market share in 2019 was 38.4%, 18.4%, and 26.7%, respectively, ranking first. By extending the food processing chain, it was involved in feed raw materials and the oil and gas industry.
The company’s fat technology products are mainly raw materials such as palm oil, palm oil, coconut oil, and produce fat-based chemicals such as fatty acid, glycerine, and fat-derived chemicals, nutrition.
The Māori rate is significant compared to the rest of the company’s products.
Good profitability; and marketing, mainly through the kitchen food retail channel and the catering channel, to maximize revenue from available resources. Forage raw material products include, inter alia, beans, vegetables, groundnuts, palm platinum, coconut platinum, bean peel,
In 2017, the company was upgraded through the same controlled acquisition. In 2017, the company acquired cash.
After restructuring, the company’s total assets increased from the company’s main business and assets in 2016.
At the end of 2019, the company had 65 operational production bases in 24 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government, and many of the production bases were close to the raw materials market, ports, railways or terminal markets, which helped to reduce production.
In recent years, the cost of transportation for companies has been around 1.5%, and is in comparison with their counterparts. This company is planning to raise $13.87 billion to continue to increase the production capacity of kitchen products. The plan is in Heilongjiang, Hebei, Shandong, Shanxi, Gansu, Chongqing, Yunnan, Anhui, Zhejiang and Guangdong.
Ten provinces and 12 municipalities continue to expand their capacity. After childbirth, additional pressurized, refined production capacity is expected to be 463.5, 1.98 million tonnes/year; rice, wheat, flour processing capacity is 49.5, 300.8, 2.1 million tonnes/year.
In addition, a special marketing department has been set up for kitchen supplies, feed materials, and fat technology products. In addition, a special marketing department has been set up for retail outlets, catering channels, and food industry channels.
Over the years, companies have continued to push down channels, and the number of distributors has increased faster. In 2017-2019, distributors were able to create deep-seated kitchen food channels, which covered a wide range of small and medium-sized customers, directly selling docked customers.
Wholesale shops, retail stores, welfare group purchases, combined promotions, gas stations, pharmacies, etc., with deep coverage of the user’s daily consumption channels: national and large regional retail chains are covered through direct sales. Regional hotels, small and medium restaurants, bakers, fast, are covered through distribution modes.
Small and medium-sized customers, such as food chains, are able to sell directly to large customers, such as hotels, restaurants, restaurants, and traders.
Figure 29: Number of company distributors: Kitchen products: 1) In the light of the preceding analysis, we believe that the market share of companies in kitchen products will continue to rise, and sales are expected to increase in the coming years. 2) Kitchen foods have been fed in recent years.
The income from the sale of products and the scale of their sale has increased rapidly, the average price of catering products has been lower than that of small-packaged retail products, and the increase in the sales of catering products has led to a decline in the average price of company kitchen food sales; this year, the share of catering products in the first half of the year has declined and is expected to increase in average prices as households move forward.
The increase in consumption at the end of the court and the end of the restaurant, and the company’s ability to negotiate prices in the catering channels, is expected to be more stable than in 2021, mainly at the main household end of the kitchen food distribution channel in the first half of 2020, where the household Māori rate is significantly better than the end end of the restaurant. Given the periodicity of the produce, the supply is expected to open in 2022.
(a) Forage feedstocks and fat technology: 1) feed feedstocks account for 70 - 70 per cent of the combined revenues of both products, with a rapid increase in sales of fat-derived chemicals in technology products, and a relative increase in the Māori ratio of fat-derived chemicals.
Three comparable companies were selected for the valuation of the gold dragonfish, including the Kermingside owner's business products, the Dato's main business products were vegetableseed oil, the food and sugar industry's main business products were tomato products and sugar, and all three were agricultural by-product processing enterprises.
In our view, the gold dragonfish has a stronger brand and more powerful channels than the Kerming, Dato’s, and Middle Food and Sugar industries. And the companies are larger, they are more involved, and they have a leading market position for the major products.
In the first half of the year, as a result of the epidemic, kitchen food canals were concentrated at the end of the household, and the Māori rate increased; the demand for animal husbandry was raised over the next two years, and the breeding base is expected to grow in the first half of the year.
• The risk of macroeconomic volatility. There is a risk of falling consumption demand if economic growth is not as predictable as the external environment and the domestic economic development situation remain uncertain.
The risk of increased competition in the industry. If competition in the industry increases further in the future, the cost will rise.
The safety of the food industry is the primary criterion, and if food safety issues arise, it will severely affect the reputation and marketing.
▪ Risks in financial derivatives trading. Depending on the volatility of prices in commodity markets, the company’s main raw materials purchases and the price of some of its products are subject to fluctuations, which lead to the purchase of goods such as futures, options, etc.