Grain and oil giants, with a new chapter, Golden Dragonfish (300999.sz) • Investment proposal: mini-package oil-eating taps
The growth of small- and medium-package oils driven by the oil taps for packaging, demand for meals and rising consumption, and the first-ever coverage of the highly competitive and concentrated food and oil industry, with companies leading the market in our food and oil industry, has slowed down somewhat, and in the long run, small- and medium-packaging oil is still on the way.
Our food and oil industry is highly competitive, with a high concentration of the food and oil industry, with the cr3, cr5 and cr10 sectors consistently leading the competition, with 40 per cent in 2019 in the packaging oil industry and 17 per cent in the packaging rice industry, as well as companies performing well in the flour and permeable markets.
In a context of weak industry profits, firms with brand + scale + product innovation are more likely to compete. Golden Dragonfish brands have significant advantages, and gold dragonfish, Hodge Flowers, Oliveland, etc. are well known across the country.
Brands and brands are powerful; Yakhari has a diversified channel layout, with a number of distributors and terminals leading the country, with wide coverage and strong control of the channel; the size of the company ' s capacity is at the top of the country, while the production is well organized, with a pre-emerged advantage, a rich upstream raw material resource, and an integrated enterprise group model.
To maximize efficiency, the advantages of scale are to reduce unit costs, build their own insuperable energy chains and sizes, open up new opportunities for growth, and while focusing on the main food-fuel industry, companies are gradually expanding areas such as rice, noodles and spices, and developing feed raw materials.
And fat technology is well-processed, creating a chain of circular economic industries and increasing the value-added of products; increasing the size of large-scale production capacity and opening up new opportunities for growth. China’s Packaging Food and Oil pioneers and leaders
The company is one of the largest agricultural and food processing companies in the country.
Multi-national food and oil conglomerate - a food and oil-food enterprise invested domestically by Singapore Benefit International. The company works mainly on kitchen foods, feed raw materials and fat technology products, with kitchen food as the company’s main product, feed as a feeder, and fat technology as a deep-processed product.
By the end of 2019, the company had built more than 700 production bases in 26 provinces, municipalities, and autonomous regions of the country, with more than 300 manufacturing plants and a good production layout covering the country. On the backbone of the industrial chain, the company created a multi-brand matrix and a multi-species, full-text business map, with a brand including the home.
The well-known labels "Golden Dragonfish", "Orivelan", "Huchie Flower", "Hunge Gardens", "Golden Steak", "Ring Dragon", "Clean 100" and other sub-brands cover a wide range of products such as small-package food oils, rice, flour, hangings, catering special food oils, feed raw materials, fat technology, etc., and create multi-layered, deep seepages.
For over 10 years, the Golden Dragonfish has maintained China’s small-packaged oil sales champions. The company’s operating revenues have exceeded 100 billion yuan since 2011 and reached 17.743 billion yuan in 2019, leading the Chinese consumer revolution in the oil-eating industry.
In Shenzhen, Carly Oil, under the banner of Kwok's brother, established the South China Sea Oil Industry Company (Schwar) Ltd., the first Chinese refinery to refine its size. In 1991, the Golden Dragonfish mini-package oil went offline, and the introduction of the first bucket of Golden Dragonfish mini-packaging oil broke the prevailing situation in the country when it was not safe and secure, opening up China's bulk oil to small size.
The era of packaging refined oils. In 2002, the Golden Dragonfish introduced the second-generation dietary saucer oil, spearheading the concept of healthy dietary fat acid balance of “1:1” and revolutionizing Chinese dietary habits, which led to a leap in human consumption of oil from safe to healthy nutrition. The 2006 Golden Dragonfish also became the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing.
In 2007, Carri oil was merged with the Beneficent Group, which was created by Kwok Kong-fung's main food and oil operations. In order to carry out more comprehensive research and introduce more innovative products to meet the nutritional health needs of consumers, companies invested more than 20 million people in 2009.
The establishment of a research and development centre in Shanghai as one of the largest centres of pure research and development in the world ' s food and oil industry has provided a solid basis for product innovation and differentiation. In addition to cooking oil, companies developed rice, flour, and fat chemicals before and after 2006.
The Science and Technology Award, which leads to new trends in the development of the agro-industry, was launched four times in 2017 with the restructuring of assets under the same control, and the parent International injected all of its food- and oil-related operations into the company, including the South China Sea oil industry. In 2020, the company managed to market its share of a business board, raising a total of 13.87 billion yuan.
Figure 3: Golden Dragonfish farming for 30 years, leading the Chinese food and oil consumption revolution 1.2, oil for food, and branded multi-faceted groundnut companies, which run kitchen foods, feed raw materials, and fat technology products.
These are kitchen foods, feed raw materials and fat technology, which are based on kitchen food operations, which are complementary and mutually reinforcing. The company has a rich supply of kitchen food products, including oil, rice, flour, spices, hangovers, etc., which generated $10,87.33 million in 2019, representing the company’s owner.
The share of revenues from battalion operations is 63.9 per cent, feed raw materials and fat technology are the company ' s second-largest major business, 2019, figure 4: kitchen food, feed raw materials and fat technology in the company ' s main camp, figure 5: kitchen foods as a percentage of 63.9 per cent in 2019, feed raw materials and fats.
The company's core business is kitchen food, with a strong brand matrix and diversified channels. Starting with the kitchen food, the company has gradually extended small-package cooking oil to business areas such as rice, flour, spices, and the food oil goes further into the modulation of oil, soy oil, peanut oil, olive oil, vegetableseed oil, sunflowerseed oil, etc.
In addition to meeting the retail demand for small packaging, the company ' s kitchen foods have been actively expanding the channels for customers in the catering and food industries, coordinating multiple channels and promoting a growing scale of food sales in the kitchens. The company has also developed a number of well-known brands, with a high-end, middle-end and public coverage that includes both aggregates.
Convergence, national brands, and a comprehensive brand matrix of professional and regional brands, such as the high-end core, the professional peanut butter brand, the Hodges, the olive oil brand, the Oliveland, and regional low- and middle-end brands, such as the Fancy Gardens, the Flags, the Sea Royal Trades, the Golden Swallows, the Golden Swallows, the Golden Pond Masters.
For food processing plants, brands maintain a leading market position in their respective segmented markets. Golden Dragonfish, Oliveland, and Hodge Flowers have become well-known brands in the country’s integrated food industry, with strong brand influence building on one of the company’s core competitive advantages.
Table 2: Multilayered distribution of company brand matrices The kitchen food business has been growing steadily. From 2016 to 2019, the company relied on brand advantages and channel advantages, the kitchen was reduced to $5629 per ton, but as the cost of raw materials, such as soybeans, fell from $5432 per ton per unit.
The ability to increase through price hikes is strong; the level of Māori in catering channel products is significantly lower than in retail products, and the capacity to raise prices and hedge costs is weak relative to the retail channel, with Māori rates rising steadily from 4.17 per cent in 2017-2019 to 4.17 per cent in figure 6: The income of kitchen food is rising steadily
Figure 8: High Māori ratio in retail distribution of kitchen foods Figure 9: Changes in unit prices and unit costs for kitchen foods. Feeding raw materials and fat technology are the second-largest pillar of the company’s business.
For example, gluten, rice, platinum, oil-based, oil-derived chemicals, etc., account for about 75% of the revenue from feed raw materials and oil-based technologies, market factors from fat-based products, and lower demand for downstream feed plants, leading to a decline in the same income from company feed-based raw materials and oil-based technologies.
Figure 10: Decreased revenues from feed raw materials and fat technology in 2019 Figure 11: Share of feed raw materials in feed raw materials and fat technology revenues in excess of annual net corporate interest rates and roe remained stable, while lower rates for roe and net interest rates in 2016 were mainly due to the production of corporate commodities
The loss of living financial instruments affected the net return on investment by $3.405 billion. In contrast, companies set their average annual cost rates of 23.9 per cent, 16.4 per cent and 10.7 per cent, respectively, for the Western Wang Food, Kerming and KIM; the net interest rate of companies was higher than that of their counterparts, with average net interest rates of 3.4 per cent for the years 2017-2019.
Second, it is second only to occult (9.8%). Based on years of layout and accumulation, the company has a lead in operating efficiency, and has an excellent size, which is more profitable than its peers.
The top-level stock holding structure of the company has undergone six changes, culminating in the current offshore multi-storey holding structure. According to the company ' s offer, the pre-market company held direct shares in Bastos, which held 99.99% of the company ' s shares, the bashos ' main investment holdings and the provision of financial and operational management.
The company’s real shareholders are beneficial international, and profit internationals hold 99.99% of the company’s shares indirectly through wcl, profit China, profit China (Bermuda) and Bathos. Since there is no real controlling person, there is no real controlling person in the company. In addition to bathos, another shareholder in the company invests in the ocean.
The company holds 0.01 per cent of its shares, and the open sea investment was established in 2002 as a joint venture between the employees of the Newcomer and other third parties established to operate in the fields of trade in domestically produced grains and oils, third-party logistics and power-fired coal trade in the food and oil processing industry.
Figure 18: The corporate equity structure is concentrated The corporate shareholders are strong, and Beneficiary International is the leading multinational food and oil consortium in the world. Founded in 1991, it was the new company of Go Kong Fung and one of the four leading international food traders, Wu Shufu.
Gabo co-founded it. Benevolence International, one of the largest listed companies on the Singapore Exchange, opened in 2019 with $42,641 billion, ranked fourth among the top 500 companies in the world 2020 and fourth among the international food traders; net profits reached $1,293 million, and ranked second among the top 500 international food traders, only second.
There are a wide range of international operations, including palm cultivation, oilseed pressurization, oil refining, sugar processing and refining, with more than 500 manufacturing plants and extensive distribution networks in 50 countries around the world, including China, India, Indonesia, and one of the largest oil palm plantation owners in Indonesia, Malaysia and Africa.
Palm oil refineries and oil-aluminants manufacturers are also the largest consumer-packaged oil brand producers in China, Indonesia, and elsewhere. International oil-rich oil raw materials are abundant, with a total of 23.29 million hectares under corporate palm oil cultivation at the end of 2019, with a total capacity of 47 million tons in tropical oil refining, and close to 3 million tons in oil-aluminators and special oil production, respectively.
Tons. A strong and well-funded international combination of rich upstream raw materials, such as palm oil, is the world ' s leading palm oil supplier and leading agro-integrated food and oil conglomerate, with advanced global management experience that helps to protect companies from long-term steady growth.
Figure 20: Beneficiary International ' s net profit in 2019 was $1,293 million, after adm, which was the top five suppliers of raw materials to the company, thanks to shareholder advantage.
Company-related operations are injected into the company as a whole and run independently of the company. Fortune international operations are concentrated outside China, while for China they are concentrated in China, while for China they have ceased to sell palm and related products such as lunar acid oil and sugar directly to customers in China since 2019.
The importance of companies, as a major feature of the International Favourists, in China, contributed 71% of the net profits of the International Favourables in 2018, accounting for 54% of the net share of assets, is self-evident within the Group. The International Favour is rich and large, with strong raw material advantages in palm oil, cinnamon oil, and white sugar, among other things.
With a vastly well-developed logistics transport system and extensive global business management experience, companies can be provided with valuable resource-sharing, raw material security, and expansionary power. Beneficiary International was among the top five suppliers of the company from 2017 to 2019. In addition, one of the world’s five major food traders, the American adm, is one of the four major shareholders of the beneficial international.
It is the company ' s top five suppliers of raw materials, from which it purchases mainly soybean and processed goods, and purchases from 2017-2019. Figure 21: International food and oil operations worldwide, leading the world, figure 22: Companies contribute more than 50 per cent of international net assets and net profits
Corporate core management teams are experienced, teams are stable, and pay incentives are adequate. The prices of large upstream raw materials are high, and companies are involved in longer chains of industry, demanding very high levels of managerial capacity. Companies have an experienced management team, and team members have been growing with the company and have a high degree of loyalty to the company.
The team has a wealth of industry experience and a deep understanding of the R & D, production, marketing and raw materials procurement of corporate products. Globalized business layout can help companies keep pace with changing industry trends, insight into consumer needs, rapid response, forward-looking decision-making, and good and healthy corporate business as a whole.
Table 5: Corporate core management teams experienced, paid incentives high food and oil industry: stock competition, good pattern, Jai Jiari lead
2.1 The size of the market, the pace of growth and the increase in consumption are trends: the size of the food oil market and the decline in production and consumption. The country has a large population base and a wide range of food and oil species, with large amounts of production and consumption of oil, rice and flour.
By the end of 2019, the market for packaged oil had reached $103.071 billion (by retail value) and the market had grown faster in 2005-2013, at 15.4% for cagr, which has been growing at a low rate since 2013 and 1.5% for cagr.
In terms of volume, our annual production of edible oil in the 2019 market was 26.4 million tons, the 2012-2019 compound rate was 1.5 per cent, the 2019 market annual consumption of edible oil was 33.39 million tons, and the 2012-2019 compound rate was 2.8 per cent.
The country’s excess food production capacity, which is accelerating the growth of backward production in the industry, and the lack of demand for food oil, which is already nearing the ceiling. In 2019, the country’s small-package oil sales were higher in terms of the structure of the different oil types, depending on soybean oil (26 per cent), oil adaptation (20 per cent), vegetableseed oil (19 per cent), maize oil (13 per cent) and peanut oil (12 per cent).
The higher share of sales was made up of peanut oil (21 per cent), modulated oil (18 per cent), vegetableseed oil (18 per cent), soybean oil (14 per cent) and maize oil (13 per cent), mainly due to relatively high prices of peanut oil. In recent years, the growth of olive oil and sunflower seed oil has been faster, with sales of cagr of 11.9 per cent and 4.8 per cent, respectively, in 2014-2019.
The rice and flour markets are oversupply and production and consumption are declining at an accelerated rate. While cooking oil is just needed in the kitchen, daily per capita consumption is still limited, the market for rice, flour and rice is larger as staple foods, and the market size of cooking oil, flour and rice is about 1:3:6.
Ten thousand tons of rice, or 0.7% of cagr. Rice consumption has declined steadily since 2013, and rice production has declined since 2017. In 2012-2018, flour production fell from 12.32 million tons to 88.7 million tons, and consumption declined from 97.1 million tons to 77.36 million tons, especially faster since 2016.
The fall in production and consumption in the rice and flour markets was due, on the one hand, to the fact that the country is a large rice and wheat grower and that the rice and flour processing industries have lower entry thresholds, with a large number of processing enterprises and a majority of small and medium-sized enterprises, with some 3,400 rice and 2850 flour processing enterprises above our size in 2017.
At home, small-scale flour enterprises with a capacity of less than 200 tons per day represent about 70% of the competition. On the other hand, as a result of rising living standards and consumption, consumers are more focused on a balanced mix of dietary nutrition, a preference for low-carbon water-commodity foods, and the need for meat, eggs, milk, melons, etc., are gradually replacing staple foods.
Production and demand for rice and flour show a downward trend. Figure 30: Per capita consumption of cereals is declining, while per capita consumption of meat, milk, melon fruit is rising steadily, with small packaging, branding and product diversification driving up food and oil consumption.
Food and oil products have the advantages of being safer, lighter, longer shelf life, more refined packaging, and, as people ' s living standards increase and household miniaturization, small packaging oils, packing rice and packing flour are now being welcomed by a growing number of consumers as a trend towards rising consumption.
Seventy per cent of respondents agreed that they preferred to buy daily food and oil products with small and medium packaging specifications compared to bulk and large packagings with higher prices. Currently, China has about 20 per cent of small packaging oil in the oil-eating market, about 30 per cent in urban areas, and a higher proportion in large cities, while small packaging oils are used in areas such as Singapore, Japan, and Hong Kong.
As the standard of living rises, the consumption structure of urban and rural residents is rising, attention is being paid to the quality of products such as safety, health, nutrition, and food and oil consumption structures tend to become more sophisticated. The cost of upstream raw materials is high, and end competition is high.
In the context of product homogenization, brands and quality have become key to winning consumers for food and oil products, and there has been a decline in interest in prices, and brands have been raised to be the first factor in buying food and oil products for consumers. On the one hand, the demand for food and oil consumption has become more diversified, while on the other hand, there has been more competition among food and oil producers and more space for consumption.
And, more often than not, stock competition has forced manufacturers to expand their food and oil categories, and to work in the area of disaggregation, taking high-end, segmented and specialized paths. For example, olive oil, mountain teaseed oil, walnut oil, and other innovative methods that have been introduced in recent years in the field of vegetable oil, as well as organic rice in the rice field, rich sorghum and rice-free rice.
Brands are the first consideration for consumers to buy food and oil products. 2.2, the industry’s marginal profits, branding and size wins. We have a lower rate of Maori in the oil, rice and flour sectors.
The Māori rate and profit rate in the industry have been low due to high competition and short industrial chains. We have low Māori rates in the oil, rice and flour sectors, with rice oil representing only 10.93%, 11.12% and 10.27% of the company ' s average Māori rate in 2011-2019, respectively.
In the oil-eating industry, soy oil is the most consumed oil in the country, 2020 yuan per day, and soybean pressurization is even at a loss level, while soybean production and imported soybean pressurization profits are highly volatile, and the period of loss is largely at the same level as the period of profit, which shows the benefits of soybean fat processing in the country.
Figure 33: The rice industry has a lower rate of Maori than other sub-sectors, soybean pressurization is less profitable and highly volatile
Policies and price fluctuations in raw materials are the main reason for the low profitability of the industry. Foods such as oil, rice and flour are the first to be consumed, are related to the basic cost of living, the cpi basket is focused on monitoring varieties, and prices are limited by government policies.
The main cost of food and oil products is the cost of raw materials, the cost of which is higher than that of oil and oil companies, and the cost of direct materials is 88.28%. Soybean raw materials are subject to greater volatility.
Soybean prices are generally higher than import prices, and many companies build pressurized plants in coastal port cities and stabilize their purchases through futures market operations, thus demanding the financial level of their companies. Meanwhile, my country produces more wheat, rice, and maize, with more stable prices, but with more concentrated production than the consumer market.
Far away, there are also high requirements for the organization of production bases and logistics transport capacity of enterprises. Figure 35: Prices of food and oil products are largely stable, with a small increase in prices, and the higher cost of the oil-eating industry in our country is due to higher external dependence on raw materials.
The price of domestic soybeans for vegetable oil pressurized raw materials is higher than the price of imported soybeans, and the average spot price for soybeans produced in the country since 2020 is 4936.39 yuan per tonne. The import of soybeans is only $3139.39 per tonne, which creates a tendency for domestic press companies to buy imported soybeans; on the other hand, the country has a higher external stock of vegetable oil raw materials, and since 1996 we have consumed soybeans.
The production of soybeans has remained low and stable, with more than 90 per cent external dependence on soybean raw materials in 2019, high external dependence on palm oil for domestic consumption in addition to soybean raw materials, and almost total dependence on imports from countries like Malaysia and Indonesia, which has led to direct exposure to the country ' s food and oil markets.
The low and volatile profitability of the country’s oil-eating industry is also one of the reasons for the low profitability of our oil-eating industry. The supply-demand relationship is also one of the reasons for the low profitability of our oil-eating industry.
The production capacity of soybean presses has grown steadily, from 79 million tons to 173 million tons, with an average compound growth rate of 7.4 per cent per year, but the start-up rate of soybeans pressurized processing enterprises since 2006 has been only 45-60 per cent, with a relatively high level of excess capacity.
The blind investment and low-level duplication of soybean pressurization projects are strictly controlled, but soybean pressurization projects are still on the increase, with a further increase in excess capacity. The further slowdown in production capacity since 2017 is also a reflection of oversupply.
Per capita consumption of oil has not increased, per capita consumption of cereals is declining, demand for food and oil consumption is weak, and the failure to improve the supply-demand relationship has led to long-term low profitability in the food and oil sector.
In the context of the industry’s meagre profits, oil and oil companies will rely on brands and sizes to win. We believe that, as competition increases, overcapacity increases, product homogenization increases the importance of the enterprise’s size advantages, brand power, and product-type innovation capabilities. On the one hand, the cost of raw materials in the food and oil industry will be higher for upstream raw materials.
Control is very important, and whoever first takes advantage of a high-quality supply of raw materials and a well-positioned production base can take advantage of the pre-emptive advantage, scale up, while taking advantage of the advantage of scale to further reduce costs, thereby increasing the profit margin. And, as industry competes more, there is excess capacity, and future industries are less able to combine.
Small-scale production capacity, the persistence of the strong, and large-scale companies that have large-scale effects, will stand up in the trade-shocking process and earn profits. On the other hand, with rising living standards and consumption levels, consumer demand will become more diversified and fragmented, consumer interest in prices will continue to decline, and attention to brands and quality will continue to rise.
Moreover, as major brands compete more and become more competitive, products are more diverse, and who can rely on strong R & D capabilities to produce new products, expand product categories, update consumer perceptions and develop consumer perceptions.
The sense of experience makes it possible for anyone to be neutral in a competitive wave and to be undefeated. 2.3. Industry patterns are concentrated, companies are in the vanguard, our oil-packaging industry is more concentrated, and our companies are in the vanguard.
The concentration of the packaging, oiling and consumption sectors in the country is already very high, competition is saturated, and small- and medium-scale oil-eating enterprises are seeking to develop space.
The company’s market share in 2019 was 40%, 25 pcct and 23 pccct (7%) higher than the market share of China (15%) and Shandong Ruhua (7%) respectively, and was in the vanguard. This was also true of the brand’s market share, with the Golden Dragonfish taking the lead on 33.7% of the market.
Next to Fukupingmen (13.5%) and Luhua (7%). In addition to the well-known Golden Dragonfish, the company also has Orie Veran (2.3%) and Hu Jihua (1.9%) in the top ten percent of the city, reflecting the strong branding advantage of the company. Figure 42: High concentration in the oil-eating industry
Figure 43: In 2019, the company ' s share of the market for packaging cooking oil reached 40%, the concentration of the packaging rice industry accelerated, and the company managed to catch up. In 2015-2019, the country ' s rice-packaging industry showed that our share of the rice industry is still in a fast-track concentration process, with relative concentration relative to that of the consuming oil industry.
In 2019, the retail market was ranked first in the industry by Hae-Gari (17%), the Mid-Food Group (15%) and Hua-Yuan Fung (9%), and in 2017, Yae-Hu-Gari, after rising significantly since 2015, overstepped the Mid-Food Group, became the leader in the packaging of the rice industry. In addition, the market share of Huo-yun Fong also rose.
More rapidly, from 5.3 per cent in 2015 to 9.2 per cent in 2019, Jai Jiari's bright eye on the packaging rice market is now largely due to the contribution of the Golden Dragonfish brand, which uses its accumulated brand effects and channels to expand the market.
Figure 44: Increased concentration in the packaging rice industry, 2014-2019
Hagrid's performance in the flour and hang markets is still impressive. The flour and hanger markets are not traditional power markets for the good. The flour industry is led by five profits, the market is about 18%, and the hanger industry is more powerful, the market is about 20%. But the flour and hanger products are in Yekkai.
Modern channels continue to perform relatively well, with 29.1 per cent, 26.5 per cent and 26.7 per cent of modern channels selling flour in 2017-2019, ranking first among the same brands; in addition, gold dragonfish have a 9 per cent market share in supermarket aggregate weights in December 2019, after Chen Kemin (20 per cent) and the Kinshasa River (11 per cent).
Figure 48: Share of modern channels for packaging flour in Yakhari, Figure I 49: Golden Dragonfish hanger 9% in December 2019 Supermarket Merit Numbers
3.1. Strong brand influence provides the industry with a niche, and a well-developed multi-brand matrix creates strong brand influence. The food and oil industry is highly competitive, the products are poor and less heterogeneous, and has a strong brand influence as consumers grow their interest in brands and quality.
Strong companies are more likely to win in the run-up to the flood. The Golden Dragonfish brand was created in 1991 as the country's first brand to launch a small packaging of cooking oil, and after using the small packaging of “welfare oil” to open the door to the Chinese market, the Golden Dragonfish used a large number of visual advertisements, acting as a sole supplier of food oil for the Beijing Olympics, sponsoring Chinese women's rows and sponsoring Chinese women's rows.
The Shenzhen World Student Games, among others, have gained a wide range of visibility and brand beauty, and after 30 years of development, the Chinese branding index (c-bpi) has been ranked and analysed, and the Golden Dragonfish has been championed for 10 years in a row by a combined dietary oil roll, with a score of 680.7 in c-bpi in 2020, far higher than the second-named Ruhua (497.7).
In addition to the gold dragonfish, which also ranked first on the flour list in 2020, with a score of 463 points, higher than the North Waste (422.6 points), Jaicari has also built high-end olive oil brands, “Oriveland”, peanut oil brands, “Hughie” and bean oil brands, “Maunbao”, vegetableseed oil brands, “Carbonfish” and lower-middle-end composite brands, “Florin Gardens”, among others.
According to the 2020 China brand index, the top 10 brands of the list of food oil are also useful for Heidear’s “Hughi Flowers”, “Fragrance Gardens” and “Main Treasure” in their fourth, sixth, and ninth rankings, respectively, and the perfect brand matrix has a significant advantage.
For 10 years in a row, the Golden Dragonfish is ranked first on the list of food oil brands, and the powerful brand power of Hagrid comes from both continuous marketing and constant product development and innovation. Grain and oil products are highly competitive, with fast consumer goods with short consumer cycles, impulsive purchases, low brand loyalty.
For 30 years, companies have consistently promoted the company's brand concept of “safe, nutritional, healthy, yummy” through diverse forms of advertising, competition sponsorship, cross-border cooperation, and corporate brands like Golden Dragonfish, Oliveland, etc. have sponsored Dad.
Where did Dad go, the 12th Fragrance, and invited Mr. and Mrs. Wong Xiaoming and Mr. Xie Bao to serve as image spokespersons, and the brand heat and sales were rapidly raised. In addition, the Golden Dragonfish were seen on many occasions as the first food and oil commercial, and in 2017 they were successfully selected for the National Brand Scheme, with the Golden Dragonfish in China.
The Golden Dragonfish has repeatedly sponsored sporting events, such as the 2008 Beijing Olympics, the 2011 World Student Games, the 2022 Winter Olympics and the Paralympics, and the oil soles and sponsors. The continuing marketing of advertising not only shows the public the quality of the Golden Dragonfish, but also the quality of the goldfish.
The company’s brand has also gained greater visibility, increased consumer awareness of brands, increased branding, and, in addition to continuing marketing, the powerful gold dragonfish brands have been supported by technology development and innovation in products. In 2009, Jai Jiari set up a research and development centre in Shanghai around safety, nutrition, health, and taste.
With nearly 100 laboratories and more than 1,000 scientific equipment, innovative research and development has been carried out in such fields as cooking oil, special fats, fats and technology, and new products have been introduced to guide advanced consumption ideas. As of December 31, 2019, the Public Administration had 428 patents, 317 research and development personnel, and more than 70% of research and development personnel had masters or doctorates.
The results of the Department's innovation projects were awarded the special, first and second prizes for science and technology from the China Food and Oil Society; the Chinese Nutrition Society, the second and third prizes for science and technology; and the Shanghai City prizes for technological progress, the second and third prizes.
Innovative products, such as corn oils and fermented surfaces, rich in plant syrup, have contributed to the innovation of kitchen foods. Companies have maintained high levels of R & D investment, increasing R & D spending from 125 million yuan to 184 million yuan between 2016 and 2019, increasing R & D expenditure as a percentage of revenue from 0.09% to 0.11%, and producing products that continue to grow into strong companies.
The brand power of the company has created a solid foundation and injected a dynamic.Fig.52: Businesses continue branding and marketing activities.Fig.53: Corporate R & D spending is rising.
Table 8: Corporate ownership of core technology R & D for product quality upgrading and product-type innovation 3.2, diversified channel layout, deep-farmed marketing networks. Companies have established diversified, fully channeled distribution networks, supported and synergized by various channels.
There are diversified distribution networks that include retail channels, catering channels, and food industry channels, depending on the consumer’s consumption patterns, and specialized departments and departments that operate according to the product and distribution channels.
The marketing model of the company is divided into distribution and direct distribution patterns. (1) kitchen food plates. In retail outlets, the company is in the agricultural market.
Traditional channels and special channels such as group purchases are dominated by distribution models, modern channels such as national and large regional retail chains are dominated by direct sales, while companies collaborate with electricity outlets such as Kyoto, Skycat Supermarkets and community retail power platforms such as retail and new circuits; and, in catering channels, company needles.
Regional, small and medium-sized customers are mainly marketed through direct sales, targeting large, chain-sized customers, and in cooperation with raw power providers such as food-food, fast donkeys; in the food industry, companies serve large food industry customers through direct sales, and regional food industry customers through distribution. (2) Forage primers
The company sells feed raw materials and fat technology products to its customers and traders, mainly on a direct marketing basis. Moreover, the solar products in the company's fat technology products are sold mainly through the retail channels of the kitchen food subsidiary and the catering channels.
In the main, the share was about 45 per cent and 40 per cent, respectively, and about 15 per cent, for the food industry; the share of direct sales by companies in retail outlets was higher than the distribution and direct distribution patterns, 68.86 per cent and 31.14 per cent, respectively, in 2019; and the Māori ratio of direct distribution of kitchen food in retail and catering channels was higher than the distribution patterns, respectively.
If, because the company offers greater concessions to distributors, the Māori ratio of kitchen food in the food industry and in the fat technology distribution model is higher than the direct distribution pattern, mainly because of differences in the distribution structure of the product.
Figure 56: Corporate direct sales model revenue as a percentage of total revenue is higher than distribution pattern Figure 57: Māori ratio of company distribution and direct sales patterns in 2019
With a good brand image and a high market profile, a growing position in the industry, companies have established good partnerships with many internationally known companies. Companies provide high-quality products and services to large customers through direct sales models, and the main direct sales customers of kitchen food include Wal-Mart, Da-Yun, Hua-Yun, Carrefour, and so on.
Large-scale catering companies such as fresh food, village-based, real kung fu, fresh-food power company platforms such as cucumbers, fast donkeys, big food industry enterprises such as Hsin, McDonald's, Master Kang, and major direct sellers of feed raw materials and fat technology products, such as Winch, New Hope, Twins, big visualizations such as Pocahontas, Solvey, Libeth, etc.
Rapid consumer goods, chemical enterprises, and large traders. These customers have a rigorous certification process for qualified suppliers, which is not easily replaced when it is determined, and companies, with their high quality of products, strong R & D capabilities and specialized services, meet the diverse product needs of different clients and win long-term client credit.
Corporate channels are well-established, wide-ranging, and well-controlled. After more than 30 years of intensive farming, the company has established a country-wide network of highly organized distributors and a well-developed distribution management system, which has produced a group of experienced sales managers who are fast-tracked to the end of consumption through intensive distribution networks and guaranteed products.
At the beginning of the expansion of the market, the company introduced a regional exclusive agent system, which provides that it cannot represent other brands or products of the same kind in a single city or region, and that the company must maintain a certain amount of sales within the distribution area for one year only with a signed and qualified dealer.
By the end of 2019, the number of company distributors had reached 4406, up from 2018.
In 2019, the number of new distributors in the company was 30.48 per cent, but the number of new distributors was only 11.13 per cent, the number of refunded distributors was only 15.32 per cent, and the number of corporate distributors remained essentially stable, except for the expansion of the distribution team.
In addition to its efforts to promote the sinking of channels and their deep distribution, the company has extended its distribution network to urban, rural and township markets at the county level. By the end of 2019, the company ' s consumer goods channel had established 31 marketing branches, 24 direct marketing departments, more than 3,500 dealers and more than 1.1 million end-users, covering all of the country ' s 2800 customers.
There are 26 marketing branches in various cities, counties, catering channels, with more than 2,600 distributors and more than 300,000 end-users, covering more than 2,300 municipalities and counties across the country.
Rapid roll-out of new products, promotion of brand names, increased sales and market share, resulting in brands and channels, Figure 59: The number of corporate distributors grew faster by 3.3, the production capacity and the material layouts lead, and the advantages of scale are highlighted
Given the low profitability of the oil and grain industry, large-scale producers are more likely to achieve cost advantages with a scale effect, thus squeezing small- and medium-scale production space and keeping it strong. From 2002, the Yakuza Group began building, acquiring old state-owned enterprises, and renovating base equipment, among other things.
In a massive expansion in China, between 2003 and 2005, a large number of domestic soybean processing companies were on the verge of bankruptcy, and the Yaehai Group acquired more than 10 medium-sized oil mills in China, establishing production bases in smoke stations, Qin Royal Island, Zhouguchi and Fuzhou, among others, and reached 35,000 tons of soybean processing capacity in 2006.
By the end of 2019, the company had over 300 integrated processing workshops, with a total production capacity of 22,55 million tons, a refined production capacity of 11,06 million tons, and a small and medium packaging year, with all of its processing capacity growing steadily.
The group’s combined production and processing capacity is comparable to that of Hae-Hae-Hae-Hae-Gari, which has maintained a leading role in oil-pressure, refined production, and wheat-processing production. In 2018, Hae-Hae-Gari’s production capacity was 17.99 per cent nationwide, higher than that of enterprises such as China (12.71 per cent), 93 (7.64 per cent) and Jin-hai (7.49 per cent).
The company has an excellent land distribution, an advantage in raw materials, and a more efficient production. The cost of raw materials accounts for more than 88% of the company’s principal operating costs, so controlling upstream raw materials is important for companies to reduce production costs.
The first is that the company has set up a special financial derivatives trading team, which uses financial instruments to avoid price risks and implement strategic procurement. The company purchases imported soybean raw materials mainly from specialized food traders through the international market, but the international soy market has experienced volatility in spot and futures prices, and the company has set up a special unit.
By the end of 2019, the company had a strong national production base, with a strong presence in 24 provinces and autonomous regions.
There are 65 production bases and plans to build new ones in Qiqihar, Wenzhou, Taiwon, Lanzhou, etc. Most of the company's soya presses are located in port cities, effectively reducing the cost of raw materials procurement through cost savings, information, etc.
Main production areas, with a balance between end-markets and railways, can help reduce production costs, guarantee product quality, and save transport costs. Meanwhile, Jaicari has established long-term cooperation with the local food sector, the storage enterprise, which combines its financial and management advantages with those of the food enterprise’s storage network, further reducing the cost of purchasing raw materials.
Third, the company has a well-established supply chain and logistics system with nationwide coverage, with 11 docks, nearly 191,700 mt of the combined cargo of river and river vessels, 37 km of railway lines and 50000 controlled transport vehicles, which allow for flexible, integrated and coordinated production across the country to meet a wide variety of customer needs.
It is the company that innovates the large integrated enterprise group model, maximizing efficiency and economies of scale. The model brings industrial plants up and down the chain together in one production base, sharing infrastructure, and the finished product of one factory is the raw material of another, thus reducing overall logistics and inventory costs and increasing the value added of by-products.
The Department has established a number of integrated enterprise clusters in Thailand, Qin Island, Shanghai, etc., which have significantly reduced the management costs of companies and improved their efficiency and per capita output. The management costs of companies are lower (an average 1.6 per cent in 2016-2019) and higher per capita profits (an average of 215,000 yuan in 2017-2019) compared to their counterparts.
Figure 63: Company production base close to raw material origin, ports and end markets Figure 64: Maximization of production efficiency by companies through large complexes
UNITA (2) From the city of Harcele oil processing
● Rice processing — wheat processing — oil-materials technology
Figure 65: Corporate management costs are lower than their counterparts
Figure 66: The company has the advantage of purchasing on a larger scale per person (millions of dollars) and has better cost control. The relatively low level of Māori in the company ' s kitchen food from 2016 to 2019 was due mainly to higher unit costs, which reduced Māori by 4%.
The increase in the unit cost of feed raw materials and fats reduced the Māori rate by 3.7 per cent; the relatively high Māori rate in 2019 was due mainly to lower unit costs, a 1.5 per cent increase in the unit cost of kitchen foods, and a 7.9 per cent increase in the unit cost of fats.
This change in unit costs is largely influenced by the average price of company purchases, which in 2017 were reduced by the average price of soybeans, palms and lunar cinnamon oils, rice and wheat, which resulted in lower unit costs for companies in 2019. The average price of purchases, by affecting unit costs, affected the company ' s Māori ratio, and the average price of raw materials was higher in years.
The company ' s Māori ratio is correspondingly lower and the Māori rate for the year when the average price of the procurement is lower is significantly lower. Further, procurement averages follow the trend in international and domestic raw material prices, and companies tend to procure and store raw materials ahead of schedule at the end of the year or the beginning of the year, and between the second half of 2016 and the beginning of 2017, international soybeans, palms, etc.
Oil and soybean futures prices were both high, leading to higher raw material costs for companies in 2017, while palm oil and soybean prices fell in 2019, resulting in lower unit costs for companies, thus increasing their gross interest rates. Overall, the company’s Māori rate was stable and did not fall significantly, reflecting the company’s higher costs.
Regulatory capacity, the advantage of the size of the raw material purchases, and the ability to use financial instruments to avoid price risks. From unit costs, the Western King food industry ($6890 per ton) and the gold industry ($6292 per ton) are lower, reflecting the company’s significant cost advantage over its peers.
Figure 67: Corporate unit cost is more affected by purchasing prices Figure 68: Higher prices for soybeans and fat futures at the beginning of 2017 Figure 69: Māori rates for corporate products are related to negative purchasing unit prices
Figure 70: Company kitchen food unit costs are lower than those of their peers, 4 - Future point: industrial chains and sizes double-power, opening up new opportunities for growth 4.1. Product categories are expanding and industrial chains are being integrated
Companies are expected to expand their product categories horizontally, drawing on R & D advantages, brand advantages, and channel advantages. On the one hand, companies can continue to dig deeper in the area of disaggregated products, taking advantage of the technological excellence of existing R & D centres to actively study new consumer demands, promote the upgrading of products in terms of nutrition and health, and manage the loss of food and oil.
Cost trends, the continued introduction of new products in the area of disaggregation, and thus the continued consolidation of brand visibility and influence, such as the company ' s successive gold-scale harmonization oils, plant syrup corn oils, high polyphenol-grade olive oils and double 10,000 rice oils, have led to a number of consumption trends for food oils, which have greatly enhanced brand image and brand visibility.
On the one hand, companies have been expanding new business areas and expanding the development space and potential of their businesses through brands, channels, and financial advantages. For example, in 1991 companies took the lead in the area of small packaging cooking oil, in 1992 in the area of flour, and in 2005 and 2007 in the field of oily chemicals and rice processing, and in the field of rice processing.
Since 2012, when the production of breakfast grains, spices, hangers and other foods began, the business sphere of companies has been expanding, from traditional producers of cooking oil to integrated food and oil conglomerates, and future opportunities for company development are expected to open up further, leading to a double increase in the size and speed of income growth.
Companies are expected to further refine and extend their upstream and downstream industrial chains, increase value addition, and expand vertically, with financial and scale advantages. Companies have been implementing the whole-chain concept since their inception, from raw materials to end-products, creating a complete whole-food chain. In upstream raw materials, companies have built up research and development from seeds.
(b) In the area of deep processing, the company produces soybeans, vegetables, etc. from the initial processing of agricultural by-products as feed material.
The product is supplied to the downstream feed industry, and some of the components of the crude oil, rough rice, net wheat, etc., continue to be processed in depth into kitchen foods such as packaging oil, rice, flour to meet the needs of the downstream retail, catering and food processing industries; and others are processed through the fat technology process into the basics of oil, fat-derived chemicals, nutrients, etc. to meet the downstream chemicals.
The demand for the industry has led to a complete industrial chain layout, a well-developed matrix of multi-products, a combination of existing products, brand effects and channels, which has enabled the rapid roll-out of new products, while also contributing to the sustainability and stability of corporate performance as a whole. Companies have successfully explored and created new industries such as the leading rice-cycle economy.
The model, which exploits the full value of agricultural products, such as rice, through “dry-crying” precision processing, is a precursor to new forms of agriculture in China. The company’s rice-cycle economy model produces high-quality branded rice based on high-quality raw material processing, while using the processed primary by-product rice shells to generate electricity and extract white carbon black from rice-shell ash.
High-value-added products such as activated carbon; by-product rice can be used to extract high-nutrient-value rice oils, and rice can be used as a step-by-step processing of raw supplements to a variety of foods, health products, thus significantly prolonging the rice chain and increasing the price-added capacity of the products. Companies will continue to promote the concept of “cycle economy” in the future, and will “eat dry-crypt” in the future.
The refined processing model is applied to more agro-processing processes other than rice, soybean, maize, wheat, thereby increasing the value added of the product and the profitability of the business.
4.2. Removal of foreign access restrictions, further expansion of productive capacity. Firm capacity is expected to expand rapidly again, and production and sales are being expanded. On the one hand, the country has expanded its foreign investment and has lifted its investment restrictions in the area of foreign food and fat.
(b) The inclusion of the soybeans, oilseeds, oily fat processing and maize processing industries in the catalogue of industries that restrict foreign investment; and the 2008 Guidance for the Healthy Development of Soyya Processing Industries, which provides for the support of domestic soybeans processing taps and an increase in the market share of domestic processing firms;
Restrictions on foreign mergers, restructuring of domestic oil-processing enterprises and strict controls on increased production capacity; In 2011, the country further included in its list of restrictions on the processing of food-based oils, such as peanut oil, cottonseed oil, teaseed oil, and rice and flour, thus significantly reducing the enthusiasm and expansion of foreign investment in food and oil processing.
The annual report of National Food and Oil and Beneficiary International, 2008-2014, saw a sharp increase in fixed assets of China ' s food and oil holdings under the umbrella of the China Food Group, from HK$97.8 billion to HK$30.540 billion, an increase of 212 per cent, while the figure of US$4.33 billion for China ' s fixed assets as a foreign capital company under the flag of Extinent International, increased from US$4.33 billion to US$7.01 billion, an increase of only 62 per cent, well below China ' s food and oil.
However, in June 2017, the newly revised Directory of Foreign Investment Industry Guidance proposed a proactive expansion of openness and the removal of investment access restrictions in areas such as foreign consumption of fat and corn deep processing, thereby significantly reducing policy constraints and resistance to the expansion of foreign oil and oil companies, such as Yekhari.
On the other hand, the company’s successful listing of a stock start-up board in 2020, which further diluted the company’s “foreign” identity by increasing domestic equity, has also contributed to a more accommodating and rapid growth of the company in the country. Moreover, the company’s listing will raise $13.87 billion dedicated to the investment company’s main business – kitchen food, including the kitchen food complex.
The kitchen food oil project, the kitchen flour project and other projects are expected to increase the investment in the project by 16480 tons per day for the processing of tons of wheat and flour, and 1980 tons per day for the processing of rice. The fund-raising will further expand the company’s productive capacity and expand the depth and breadth of the company’s industrial chain layout and scale up further.
Economic and technological advantages to enhance the integrated competitiveness of companies, thereby consolidating the leadership of the Hagridiri industry as “the strong and the strong.” Figure 74: Elimination of foreign investment access restrictions in 2017 in areas such as edible fats, deep maize processing, etc.
Directory of Guidance for Foreign Investment Industries
The Directory of Guidance for the Foreign Investment Industry (revised 2011) will further introduce peanut oil, cottonseed oil,
We'll add soybeans and oilseeds to the fat, and we'll support the country's leading companies, bringing teaseed oil, sunflowerseed oil, palm oil.
Proactive expansion of openness, elimination of dietary workers (China Holdings), deep maize, high-intellectual processing enterprise markets, strict
In the field of fat, corn, deep processing, etc., workers are included in the foreign investment restrictions.
Foreign access restrictions to control the expansion of soybean processing capacity and the inclusion of rice and flour processing.
Table 12: Further expansion of the company ' s productive capacity by the list of foreign investors
The Māori rate assumption is that the price of the company’s products and the cost of raw materials are more affected by the bulk of oil prices, and is projected to be large in 2021, and that we have chosen the seafood industry, the high torch industry, the millet industry, the vinegar industry, the dots, etc. that are close to the company’s business as comparable companies. The company’s consumption of oil is more profitable than its use of spices such as soy sauce, vinegar, etc.
The company, however, as a leading brand for small and medium-packaged domestic cooking oils, with well-developed network channels and prominent marketing capabilities, is expected to grow on the basis of excellent corporate management, branding and channel base, and the company's consumption of oil, etc., without excluding the possibility of a breakthrough in the company's operations such as spices, which we believe to be reasonably valued.
(ii) fcff valuation method:
The market prices for agricultural products, such as soybeans, wheat, rice, etc., are influenced by a variety of factors, both domestically and internationally, if the price of raw materials fluctuates significantly, leading to public spending.
Food safety risks. The company’s main kitchen foods, if the company has food safety incidents due to a lack of quality management oversight or other reasons, seriously jeopardize brand credibility and markets.
Policy change risks. For reasons of national security, the country has adopted a variety of policy measures for all segments of the food and oil industry, and companies are foreign-owned, and changes in policy that are not favourable to the company will constrain the growth of the company’s business.