Pig farming continues to expand, the yellow chicken business is booming, Wen's share (300498) Wen's share is reported in 2017.
Winch shares published their annual report for 2017. In 2017, the company achieved operating income of $55,657 million, a decline of 6.23 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to the parent company ' s shareholders was $6,751 million, a decrease of $42.74 per cent, an increase of $1.29 per 10 shares. The company proposes to allocate $4 (including taxes) per 10 shares, with the lower prices of pigs affecting profits and growing farm capacity. In 2017, the share of Wenhouse shares sold 19.417 million meat pigs, an increase of 11.18 per cent.
In terms of farm-raising costs of $12.2 per kilogram, all of which cost around $330 and are expected to contribute around $6.3 billion, the company has steadily expanded its farm-farming capacity, with 1.326 million farm-farmers, 7.26 million new farm-scale pigs, 5.02 million farm-scale pigs, and the distribution of pig-planting bases in the eight largest regions of the country.
The annual price of pigs is about $13.5 per kilogram, and the efficiency of the company’s farm production is constantly improving, with no undue pessimism. From 2018 to 2019, chickens are expected to make a full-year profit and 18 industries are recovering. In 2017, the share of the Winchester sold 776 million meat chickens and earned $16,868 million in sales.
The average price was 11.65 yuan per kilogram, an increase of 0.1 per cent over the same period. During the first half of the year, the market for live poultry products was affected by h7n9, while the prices for commercial chicken sales fell by 30.19 per cent over the same period. In the second half of the year, the decline in impact and changes in market supply and demand, sales prices rose rapidly, and companies achieved overall profitability during the reporting period through measures such as modest increases in seedlings, the use of chicken sales linkages, and precision pricing of sub-regions and sub-species.
By promoting the transformation of poultry production, the company plans to start a slaughtering project in 18 years, with 73 million capacity and 38 million capacity. The industry chain will effectively achieve synergy between living and fresh and food products.
With the goal of controlling the end channels, and with the aim of reducing the risk of livestock price volatility, the company has gradually developed a more sophisticated system of management of the warm-and-white chain. In 2017, there were 197 signed shops, 178 opened, and the company generated $333 million in revenue from fresh sales, an increase of 215.28 per cent. In addition to the extensive areas previously covered, the operation was expanded to Susu.
State Hang, etc., has gradually built up the Winch branding effect, endorsed by the Winch Group. We believe that the downstream extension of farming enterprises is a necessary trend for future development, and that the birth of Winnity will facilitate the consolidation of internal resources, the smoothing of the risk of cycle fluctuations, and the upgrading of profitability, although the downtime of the pig price cycle will put some pressure on the company, we still look forward to 18 years of steady and steady returns on the pig plate, and the yellow chicken price.
At the same time, the continued expansion of the company’s downstream slaughtering and survival channels helps to calm risks and highlight the company’s competitive advantage. We, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
The Chinese Stock Exchange Award 2012 is the top ten prize (seventh place).
Xing Poetry Month, University of Maryland, USA, Master of Finance, in 2017, joined the East Hing Portfolio for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.