Conclusion: Maintenance of the “increase” rating of investments in our agricultural sector has a huge market space, and a greater concentration will be the main trend in the future development of our agricultural sector, with the emergence of mega-manifest-level enterprises in the country's agricultural subsectors.
The company’s current productive capacity and expansion further enhances the company’s cost advantage. At the same time, the extension of downstream meat processing and marketing has led to the upgrading of the Wen’s brand and increased overall profitability of the industrial chain.
In terms of short-term performance, prices are relatively low for 17 years, prices for 18 years are low, prices for 18 years are lower, prices are lower than they are, and potential releases are high.
The impact of the fall in surcharge prices on the business. With regard to the chicken business, the profits of the first half of the year are still high in the first quarter, and the losses in the first half of the year are substantial. Given that prices for pig production in the country are still downhill for a short period of time, the company has been under pressure for 18 years to “enhance” the company.
1. Sales have grown steadily and have continued to grow in size. During the reporting period, while corporate performance has declined considerably, the size of the company has expanded further, with more than 19 million meat pigs out of the list, leading the industry, and annual performance forecasts - falling prices have slowed short-term performance and volume increases.
In the low-end industry, inter-firm competition is more evident in cost control, and continued expansion offers the possibility of low-cost company operations, together with the company's industrial chain.
Integration and the extension of the industrial chain to downstream meat products processing and marketing have also further increased the company’s cost rating – productive energy delivery drives performance growth by 2017-2-132, short-term performance pressure, and long-term development prospects.
For 18 years, the price of pig products has been low, the price has been reduced by the same amount, and the release of pig production is expected to offset the impact of the fall in prices on the business.
In the first half of the year, the chicken business was profitable, and in the first half of the year, the business suffered a significant loss, which could cushion the decline in the profits of the pig-breeding business. At present, the prices of the company's pig-breeding products are lower by the same amount in Antxuan No. 18 on Maysan Road, Hefu City, Anhui Province, China.
In the long run, companies are at a steady pace of energy release and extension of the industrial chain, and the low cost associated with the advantage of size is expected to allow them to smooth through the industry’s low-end period. As the country’s livestock industry is becoming more modeled, the future industry is expected to maintain a reasonable and stable level of profitability.
By that time, the increase in the size of the production capacity will have significantly increased the performance of the company. It can be expected that, with the turn of the country’s raw pig price cycle, the Winch shares will share the industrial dividend in the larger productive and longer industrial chains as the next cycle of rising pig prices approaches.
3. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: taking into account the declining cycle of prices of piglets in the country and the company ' s meat products (for fresh business)