Winch shares (300498.sz) Winch shares (300498), running low prices, size
Releases in an orderly way suggest that the price of pigs has fallen considerably over 17 years, and that the pig-raising industry continues to be the main source of profit: (a) 60.72 per cent of total operating income from pig sales in 17 years and 82.57 per cent of total Māori.
The pig-raising industry has set up 13.26 million farms and completed the layout of regional pig-planting bases in the country. Of these, 7,260,000 are new and 5.02 million have been completed, providing a solid basis for the “high quality” of breeding targets and the future of new breeding sites and the renewed demand for pigs in the old field; in March 2018, the company
Promulgation of a restrictive equity incentive scheme, based on a performance-based nuclear program, for the next three years, has led to a transformational upgrading of the poultry industry and a profit in 2017, a 6.85% decline in the same year.
(c) Win-Sung shares in the Associated Farm.
(2) Through the construction and acquisition of new chicken slaughtering plants, the company can raise its chicken slaughtering capacity to 130 million. With the goal of transformation, the company will promote the transformation of poultry farming and the consolidation of resources, using the "Bops (300498): Deep Aquaculture Losses and the Diffusion of Performances, Direct Terminals" as a means of change.
Winch shares: the next three full-scale production of fresh products and slaughtering operations.
Three costs were increased by 3.62 per cent on a year-on-year basis; the prices of raw pig products were low;2 the avian flu outbreak in live birds;3 and weather anomalies, etc. At the Institute of Private Securities, an agro-forestry/pastoral fisheries analysis was carried out, and members of the fifth team in the Crystalball industry in 2012, who were good at managing the industry cycle and researched dozens of listed companies.
I'm good at digging investment values.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, that the logic is based on the author's professional understanding, that the report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and that the conclusions are not directed by any third party or