In the afternoon of October 30, 2019, the company published a three-quarterly report - based on the tri-quarters of 2019.
Of the top 10 shareholders on its list, Ali Baba and Hong Kong’s top three, in addition to China’s central settlement.
Moreover, institutional investors have holdings, such as the summer fund, the East Red Fund, the East Fonda, the South, and the Open Fund. After the issuance of the three-quarters report, the size of the cashier, the Open Fund, the South Fund, and the summer fund have been reduced.
Figure: List of institutional investors. This report, based on the three-quarterly report, will update its financial model Excel tables and streamline the core elements of the semi-annual report: What needs to be done is whether its basics have improved since the boom.
In terms of profitability – 2019q3 – the Māori rate was 44.05%, an increase of 2.04 percentage points over the reported net interest rate.
In terms of operating capital — narrowness of accounts receivable, relatively small share, increased turnover, and some effectiveness in controlling and collecting receivables; the ratio of accounts payable rose from around 8 per cent to 10.11 per cent, reinforcing its upstream voice.
In this way, there has been a positive increase in future postings, but the enthusiasm and expectations of the market in the field of cultural media have changed, leading to a sharp rise in the back. With such data, today, before the model report is updated, we have to think about a few questions:
1) What are the factors to be analysed? From the financial modelling point of view, the factors for these changes, how will they be accounted for) the performance of the three-quarters report in 2019, which data assumptions need to be updated? 3) This time, according to the updated three-quarters report in 2019, what areas are expensive or cheap?
Today, in the case of the mass media, we look at the reasoning of the advertising industry and the industry’s characteristics. For consumer companies, we have previously modeled Guozhou Maotai, 5 grain fluids, ocean river shares, Ily shares, Vitamins International, etc.
Cases, purchase of a professional version of the report of the elite team, reference to the reports, and financial modelling of selected priority cases of Excel, according to the 2019 quarterly report, involving the valuation assumptions that we need to update, are as follows: 72.15 per cent, with a reduced level of performance. Based on our recent performance, we have been able to account for the number of places in its media, the publishing rate and the unit price of its media.
The shift in client structure from the new Internet economy to traditional consumer-type customers. Such customers are more stable when the market is small.
To optimize a small amount of high-quality resources. Thus, its growth is expected to be more closely matched by an increase of 8 per cent in the demand for elevators (previously, our assumptions did not differ significantly from the Agency ' s projections for the next two years, whereas the difference in 2019 was due to our more cautious expectations of the coverage rate and media location.
3) Cost assumption - The overall operating cost of the 2019 quarterly report is not significantly different from that of the previous quarter. Therefore, the median assumption is maintained: the unit cost rises to $1938 based on the ratio of the historical media unit cost to the year. (4) Capital expenditure — after the previous round of expansion, continued to be optimized and no further expansion took place.
The original assumption was that the four-year average level would be 1.42 per cent (excluding the significant expansion in 2018). 5) Other assumptions — with respect to cost rates — would remain unchanged. In terms of operating capital, there would be an improvement in the amount and turnover of receivables and a significant increase in ageing and bad debts. However, based on its prudent bad debt recovery policy and extrapolation, there would be an improvement in the future.
Here, with the updated modelling report and the data-adjusted Excel table, you can compare the update with the previous data in some detail and in some depth -- what minor changes have occurred in the basics according to the three-quarterly report? How will these minor change factors affect the intrinsic value?
By the end of 2018, the media network of around 300 cities in the country had been covered. The main product was the building media advertising (including elevators, television media and elevator poster media), cinema screen advertising media, terminal sales media, and so forth.
The list of warehouses, the Eastern Red, the summer fund, the Open Development Fund, and the South Fund, among others. Before modeling, it is necessary to take advantage of the industry chain of advertising: 1) upstream, as advertisers (businesses in traditional and emerging industries), to raise advertising needs and reach specific audiences through the media.
Groups transmit messages; represent companies with power, Ely, Nestlé, Benz, etc.) 2) middle-class, for advertising agents, advertising media, where advertising agents plan for advertisers, make advertisements and find suitable advertising media for advertising, which is equivalent to intermediaries between advertisers and the media.
The media are a platform for advertising, and they take responsibility for broadcasting and displaying them. The companies are represented by members of the media, hundreds, and microblogging.
According to the 2019 q1 quarter report, 100% operating income increased by $24.1 billion, compared with 15% (24% in the previous quarter), net profit by $300 million, compared with 105% in the previous quarter (277% in the previous quarter); operating income by Weibo for the first quarter increased by $2.7 billion, compared with 14% in the previous quarter (76% in the previous quarter); net profit by $1 billion, compared with the same amount.
For it, its upstream suppliers are the building property industry, cinema lines, malls, etc., and its downstream customers are the advertisers or advertising agents of all types of enterprises.
The top five vendors accounted for 24.37 per cent of total annual purchases; the top five clients accounted for 19.77 per cent of total annual sales. The concentration was low up and down, of which the main source of revenue was revenue from the building media, followed by the cinema media. In 2018, the proportion of revenue from the building media was 19.77 per cent.
82.99 per cent, Māori account for around 59 per cent; 16.37 per cent, Māori account for about 40 per cent, and above the structure of the industrial chain and business model form the following reporting structure for the case:
18.37 per cent, administrative costs 4.45 per cent, R & D costs 1.35 per cent and net interest rate of 14.98 per cent.
After reading the above figures, the central question for the media is why -- why q4 in 2018, the rate of increase suddenly began to decline, the net profit of 2018q4 increased by 3.03 per cent in the same year, and then q1 in 2019, the income increased in the same year --
The income is mainly from the building media, which we focus on, and which can be divided into the following formulas:
A simple understanding of the number of commercial videos actually broadcast over a certain period of time as compared to the total number of available video advertisements is the utilization rate. According to the data, in 2018, q4, the rate of growth began to decline significantly, and in the first quarter of 2019, the rate of revenue earned on the operation began to rise significantly.
With income rising and profit increasing declining, the same rate of increase in accounts receivable remains high, implying a relatively weak business dynamic: even if the credit period is relaxed, it has not been able to effectively pull on performance. The reason for this decline in revenue growth is that we ask where the income splitting formula begins.
Question. From historical data, fluctuations between the four variables will be adjusted by the cyclical fluctuations in the advertising industry: by looking at the two above historical maps, we can see that when the industry is changing (demand pulls up), the effective number of points is more stable, and the rate of growth is driven by prices, while when the economy is depressed (supply pulls up), the growth is driven by expansion points.
Today, the advertising industry is at a low profile, with weak demand in the advertising market, particularly in February 2019, when China’s advertising market fell by 18.3% on the same date, so that the growth rate of the current crowd should be driven by an effective dot. But, when looking at the number of effective dots, we can see that the rate of increase in the number of dots in 2018 was 72.19%.
The growth is rapid, so the main reason for the decline can only be one -- a drop in the number of places used, which, according to Internet data, can be 22 to 23 minutes of single video loops in the elevators during peak periods, with a coverage rate of more than 100 per cent; at present, a single cycle takes only 12 minutes. If the peak period is assumed, the rate is 100 per cent.
So, to make financial projections and valuation models for the public media, one question has to be resolved: why the coverage rate suddenly comes up with an answer: 1) excess supply; and 2) tight demand.
First of all, look at the supply side -- let's take a look at its expansion history: in 2015 we borrowed seven Qi, a share was on the market, when it covered about 250 cities and 129,000 buildings; in 2016, it covered about 290 cities and 172,000 buildings; in 2017, it covered more than 300 cities and buildings.
There were 1.75 million media outlets. In 2017, the crowd began to expand overseas, from the Korean layout to Indonesia, and the massive expansion in 2018 could only be a sinking strategy, moving into three or four lines and sub-cities, with the goal of covering “500 cities, 5 million terminals, 500 million new mid-cities”.
Although the channels have sunk, the core data – the publishing rate – has been greatly delayed. According to grass-roots research data, the average number of entries in four large front-line cities in the north is now 45-60%, while the average number of entries in the second-line cities is 30% – behind this rate – the urban population’s eye economy has been robbed by a variety of new and emerging advertising platforms.
The headlines have seized the market for graphic ads, while the new risers of tremors, fast-paced hands are taking advantage of the video market. People’s eyes have been cut out, and the real time left for elevator advertising has become less and less.
The terminal, the tremor's obvious advantage, is that people tend to become more attractive to advertisers on the basis of the precise classification of interest labels. So, here's another problem at the beginning of this report: the high rate of city occupancy, must it be the moat? No. Only high city occupancy + the high cost of user transfer can create a moat.
For it to require a deeper understanding of the client’s experience, it is difficult to identify the conversion costs if you are not a customer. If an enterprise allows a client not to choose the products or services of a competitor, it has its own conversion costs. At the same time, by converting to the ground, it creates a vast moat.”[2]
The white-collar crowd that used to watch elevator ads moved their eyes from elevator videos to the sound of tremors on their phones is just a matter of taking out their pockets. And it's not hard for advertisers to divert advertising budgets from the same video media, but with more precise interest labels.
After this update in mid-2019, the number of media outlets at the supply end continued to rise, with the number of media outlets at 2.81 million, an increase of 19.86 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year. The expansion was a slow trend: 467,000 new media outlets in the 2019 q2 compared to the same period in the previous year, compared with q1 in 2019
In the same period of the previous year, there were 1.15 million new numbers. There were 919,000 new numbers in 2018q2 compared to the same period of the previous year.
The number of media outlets is not disclosed in the three-quarterly report. But the response to the agency’s research shows that the expansion of the public is starting to slow, with only a small amount of high-quality resources added to real demand, so that it is likely to increase.
Question: Point optimization? Answer: At the end of the second quarter of 2019, the company began the process of doing location optimization, re-evaluated the location ' s layout justification and income-generating capacity according to the advertising owner ' s needs and location value.
Based on the analysis of the above-mentioned studies, we assume that the rate of growth in the number of media points has slowed, so we update the assumption that the number of sources will increase by 8% based on the future increase in the need for elevators, and then down to the level of gdp6% per year.
Second, we look back at the demand side – the bulk of the advertising clients come from consumer goods and the Internet. But attention is drawn to the fact that the bulk of consumer goods customers are not traditional consumer goods giants, usually emerging consumer goods.
Prior to that, the first-tier market was in a cow-market logic, vc investment was plentiful, a large number of Internet start-ups still had access to huge amounts of money and bubbles were blowing up. For reasons such as flow, brand, etc., these companies would be investing more and more at no cost.
It's called "brain money," and it's a big group of people who, as leaders of the media in the building, reach out to the white-collar consumers, and they'll be seen by industry leaders, burning money and advertising it on their platforms. But now that vc, Internet investment, is in the winter, burning money is less and less.
In the field, where a company spends more money, including rents, manpower, cloud services, advertising, and so on, it's necessarily advertising. Therefore, to study the advertising industry's cycle, especially new and emerging media such as the popular media, attention must be paid to the creation of investment funds.
After a short period of time, according to data from 2019q3, the amount of investment generated was only $30,470 million and the number of investment cases was only 230. Multiply the figure by two, it did not amount to investment in 2017 and 2018.
In this case, where supply surges and demand collapses, the previous drop in coverage has affected the pace of performance - so, when we make valuation models, we have to consider the question of the possible restoration of future coverage rates? The advertising industry has been on the cycle, but the previous rate of growth has not been significantly affected by the cycle and has been able to sustain the high rate of growth.
The growth in traditional media, which has been at a downward spiral for years, has been negative for the same year, and has been lower than the same for the entire media. In an unstable environment of external demand, advertisers’ budgets accelerate the migration from brand displays to effect advertisements.
Accelerating industry rotations. During the US financial crisis of 08-09, for example, the online advertising market, which was represented by effect advertising, remained largely stable, but the television advertising market, which was dominated by brand displays, slipped from $719 billion in 2007 to $359 billion in 2009, a decline of more than 50 per cent.
As a result, behind the sudden decline in the current surge, there is also the problem that it is no longer possible to capture the share of other media channels. To date, it has become a traditional medium, faced with a new rise in media, such as tremor.
At present, the country ' s media consumption is dominated by mobile Internet, and it is the world ' s highest. Among them, mobile households are growing in volume through short videos. As of March 2019, short videos accounted for 37 per cent of the incremental market, and since the beginning, the sunk market users (non-line cities) have become more active, concentrated in the electricity, payment and short video industries.
Long-time share of media consumption (in %) (coupled) in some countries around the world: applications with mobile Internet penetration above 40%
So, from the above, the problem that has been revealed behind the decline in the publishing rate today is the tendency of the media industry to replace technology, which advertisers are looking for more precise media outlets. Indeed, the trend in this industry has long been recognized by the management of the media, according to Jiang Namchun, in the context of "Growing in the Heart."
Chapter III of the book describes: “The Three Clouds: The Impact of Breaking the Mobile Internet.” Property Clouds (analysing the different needs of small-town households), Searching Clouds (taking all kinds of analyses of information searched in 100 degrees), Electric Clouds (analysis of goods searched on electrical platforms such as Skycat, Kyoto, etc., including user express addresses).
Analysis, the purpose of which is to give accurate advertising to the target population.”[1] The essence behind the direction of “thousands of floors” is to increase accuracy and transformation rates through big data. But, in practice, the field of precision is much stronger, typically “headlines” today, and they can do so through, among other things, the headlines, tremors, etc.
Its apps understand users’ daily browsing behaviour, adjust the platform through algorithms, match user drawings with advertising information, and make advertising more accurate. By contrast to the headlines, advertising is dominated by mandatory passive input, with less interaction with users under the line.
So, it's got limited user data, advertising accuracy and conversion rates, which are poor today's headlines, tremors, and, on the whole, whether it's going up in the future or whether it's going to be based on data resources. At the moment, the data available to the public, but it's clear that the collaboration with Ali has not had a very obvious effect, and today, the research and development that has been developed by the public is still very visible.
Inputs are not very high, although their R & D rates increased from 1.87 per cent in the previous year before 2017, and we don't know exactly how much of their data collection and algorithms are being developed in 2018, and we don't know about it. So, in hypothetical terms, we borrow the shell draft data from that year, as well as the competitive environment at the time.
There have been no contestants like the new-tide media who competed with it, and the industry is still on the market at an all-time rate. The overall advertising industry has not recovered significantly in the second half of the year, and demand in the advertising market has been weak until the fourth quarter. According to Ctr, in the third quarter of 2019, China’s advertising market dropped by 8 per cent in the same year (8.8 per cent in the first half of the year).
But we look at the client structure of the crowd, and we can see some different signals. Among the customers of the crowd, the consumer consumption of the day is still its core type of major client, and advertising has increased from 31% in the first half of the year to 35%, close to 20%.
At present, customers in the consumer consumer industry are more stable and disappear mainly from the Internet. In the third quarter, Internet customers continued to be weak, dropping by more than 50%, and dropped to 19%.
Clients, whose advertising is relatively robust, and whose exposure to consumption is still rising, are under pressure from technology. At the level of new technology, new smart screens are now being introduced, with attractive effects for small and medium-sized customers, and the number of customers remains.
Maintaining a 30 per cent rise in the same year, with a total client base of more than 4,200 in a single quarter, but at this stage there is not much to pull on the overall business, according to which the historical listing rate is based on optimism of 100 per cent, combined with elevator demand data, and reporting in mid-2019, we are updating the two scenarios:
1. Optimism - advertising is more stable because of the tendency to use consumer goods on a daily basis; while intelligence has achieved some success and precision has increased: its publishing rate has been slightly increased to 60 per cent in 2019, and it has been restored to 100 per cent annually, i.e. to the previous editions, after which it will not be hit by a tremor-based stream of information technology.
So, we've solved the "volume" factor. So, what's going to change in the future?
On the price side, the growth rate in the advertising industry is similar to that of the gdp. When macroeconomics are depressed, the chain of conduct is roughly as follows: macroeconomic demand is weak and demand is weak, and the profitability of producers is declining, and prospective future growth is pessimistic about cutting advertising budgets and the growth of advertising markets.
In 2018, there was a negative increase in unit prices for public buildings and cinema media, especially the one with a sharp decline of about 18,75%. The one price for media in public buildings could be split into a formula: a single price for media equipment = a flat price for publications – a discount rate.
Note, however, that this split formula allows us to measure only approximates and not to fine-tune to precise figures, because it is a combination of market pricing and cost pricing. Pricing is a combination of customer acceptance of different types of media, a comparison of pricing by other advertising media operators, and a combination of carrier forms of corporate media, media resource costs, media environment, media.
According to the advertising industry, the price increases are about 10-20% per year. If you calculate the price increases every year, the actual price of the media unit is falling. This may only increase the discount rate for the public.
This is also broadly supported by accounts receivable, as can be seen from the fact that most of the increase in receivables over the past 12 quarters has been significantly higher than the increase in operating income on a year-on-year basis, but note that different forms of typographical media (framework posters, television screens, different city segments, etc.) and their publication
The average price varies from one case to another, and the discount rate for different clients also varies slightly. As reported in mid-2019, accounts receivable and operating income for nearly 12 quarters of the year were as follows — note that the recent rate of increase in accounts receivable was higher than the same rate for operating income, which indicates that downstream credit has been relaxed;
Moreover, it is clear that the ratio of receivables to income is also showing an upward trend. Several phenomena suggest that speech rights are declining and the rate of return is continuing to slow. Also, it is a matter of concern that, according to the mid-2019 report: 1) of the accounts receivable that are bad for the ageing portfolio, accounts receivable that are older than 210 days are still outstanding.
From this case, we can really grasp the magic of the cycle. For businesses that rely on advertising for their livelihood, receivables generally represent a higher proportion of income, Māori are super-high at a high climate, and everything is fine; and once the winter comes, they will face a double blow – and, in the first place, advertisers will shrink their advertising budgets.
Second, the arrears of the former advertisers (receivables) would also have been outstanding, leading to an increase in the uncollectable and uncollectible accounts receivable, and we look at the data for the third quarter as follows:
As can be seen from the above two figures, there has been an improvement in the three-quarters rate of increase in accounts receivable and in the accounts receivable as a percentage of operating income. The loss of bad debts here, when modeled, can be seen as an advertisement with a unit price of zero and covered in the price assumption.
The average annual rate of increase – 5.29% – rises to the projected rate of 5.2% per year, and the unit price of cinema media remains constant in 2018. To study this, one question must be asked – is the logic of the above projection reasonable?
2019q3 had an operating income of $8,806 million, and calculated its operating income for the entire year 2019 as follows:
Given the risks of new media technologies such as tremors, capital spending cannot translate directly into income today, and thus the credibility of endogenous acceleration, industry growth, and historical growth is low. We differ from institutional data, and there are deviations in the projections of energy in terms of publishing rates, unit prices for building media, and dots, and we are more cautious about the data.
So far, the income measurements have been completed, but if the modelling is to be done, it is also necessary to figure out what other important issues -- this case, where will future operating revenues be spent?
(Administrate costs, sales costs), we see separately. 1) Operating costs - from the graph, whether cost increases or costs (depreciation amortization)/business income, the split costs consist mainly of media rental costs, employee remuneration.
At the same time, the increase in media equipment has also led to an increase in depreciation at the same rate as the corresponding increase, but not at a high percentage of operating costs, and therefore the impact of depreciation is not significant. Since its cost is larger than the cost of leasing media (media dots), the cost of operating can be split into: Camps.
In terms of unit costs, the group is in a downward phase. In the last three years, however, the price fluctuations in unit costs have not been very stable.
Thus, the significant roll-out of points in 2018, whether effective or not, was a cost, which was the reason for the decline in net profits in 2019, which was greater than the increase in income. Combined with the mid-2019 data, the operating cost was $1.647 billion, an increase of 9.62 per cent over the same period.
On the basis of the historical quarterly/annual relationship, the average ratio was 60.41 per cent, extrapolating the cost of the media units in 2019 to approximately $1938 per station.
The quarterly differences are small across the overall operating costs. Mergers and Acquisitions assume: Cost = Media Equipment Point * Media Unit Cost. Of this, Media Unit cost was $1938 per station in 2019, followed by a three-year historical average of $1743.7 per station (previously assumed: Media Unit Cost).
Taking an average of nearly three years at $1743.7 per station) (2) administrative costs - in terms of administrative costs, there is a more stable division and a downward trend in administrative costs. In mid-2019, the disclosure of data was reported at 4.51 per cent, with little difference from historical data, and was maintained at between 4 and 5 per cent.
The administrative fee rate of the split is also reasonably lower than that of the peer enterprise.3 Sales costs - sales costs of the split are mainly sales business fees and employee remuneration.
Although the overall cost of sales has been declining, the rate of increase in sales costs has fluctuated considerably over the last three years. The effect of sales costs on operating income has also declined from 2016 to 2016 in commercial language, that is to say, in terms of sales costs. As in the case of this quadrant, 2019 q3, sales costs are 1.636 billion yuan, or 18.85 per cent of income.
So, in order to raise the rate of listing, the public may raise the cost of sales. And, considering the crowd of wolves at the mobile advertising market, M&A maintains the assumption that its sales cost will be maintained during the projected period.
In summary, the cost and cost assumptions are as follows. So, the profit scale is basically finished, but there are still issues that need to be resolved -- how much will be spent on long-term capital purchases in this case? How will these expenditures affect free cash flows and, in turn, be of value?
The bulk of capital spending focused on the development of media outlets, where media assets were important fixed assets, accounting for 90% of the total, with fewer capital spending, basically “no money” since the market. From 2017, capital spending rose sharply, but its output was less than ideal.
In the last three years, borrowings began to take place, with hundreds of millions of dollars and 892 million dollars. Although the ratio of borrowings was not high, it also reflected the risk of expansion to its cash flow, and if the valuation was modelled, debt considerations had to be taken into account.
The M&A considers that its fixed asset size is not high as a proportion of total assets and does not provide detailed capital expenditure projections, but rather that it is simplified to a certain extent: in combination with its report in 2019, the media dots are still rising, but the expansion is slowing down and the corresponding capital expenditure and depreciation are decreasing.
A small amount of additional high-quality resources, based on actual demand, with smaller capital expenditure, is maintained as a result of the reported assumptions.3 Intangible asset acquisition/business income, with a historical average value of 0.14 per cent over three years: good, the cost assumptions are largely completed when studied, however, there is an important factor affecting free cash flows.
So, it needs to be resolved -- in this case, whether it is strong or weak in the chain, and whether it can take money from others, thereby increasing its own corporate value? Looking back at history, operating capital has been significantly reduced in the last two years in terms of the pull of cash flows. So, what's on the chain?
Problem with the link? One by one. 1) Upstream speech -- mainly dues, advance payments. From the graph, there has been an increase in the number of upstream speech rights and in the proportion of payables/costs; however, because it is mainly in the property management of the building, it is still in place.
So we adjust the assumption that the amount due is 10.11% of the cost of 2019 q3 level. Advances represent an average of 25.55% of the cost in three years.
2) Downstream voice rights - receivables, advance payments. Downstream advertisers (enterprises, advertising companies) have different business patterns, so they receive very little in advance. On the contrary, the share of receivables in the crowd has increased over the last three years, leading to a year-on-year weakening of its downstream voice.
In this case, the compound growth rate of receivables in the last three years was 49.57% (the combined income rate for the same period was only 19.36%). So, the rate of increase in accounts receivable is still rising, and the quality of the increase is at risk, with East Aqua and the large group of lasers being planted there to 4.67%.
The amount is much more relaxed, especially for core clients, and the figures are clearly weaker than for other Internet advertising companies:
Figure: Rate of turnover of accounts receivable, therefore, is an indicator for which long-term follow-up and research will be required in the future, and attention will need to be paid to whether there are signs of further liberalization of their voice downstream.
According to the data reported in mid-2019, there was no improvement here, with receivables continuing to expand as a proportion of operating income, based on the quarterly to annual ratio of accounts receivable, and in recent years, the average of accounts receivable has improved significantly over the previous two quarters of the comparison, while its turnover rate has continued to rise from 1.26 to 1.95 per cent of the reported accounts receivable.
However, its impairment of assets, that is, bad debts, is still at a high level, and the ageing structure still needs to be adjusted. However, it is important to note that because of its 391-day credit line for bad debts, the current high and bad debts are mainly the legacy of the previous expansion.
So, will future accounts receivable accounts continue to be pessimistic about the age of accounts? The collection policy is more rigorous, with 75% of accounts receivable overdue for 391 days.
There should be only 25 per cent left on the books today. According to the 45 per cent income share of Internet clients in the first half of 2018, it is estimated that 11.25 per cent of these households are in the current accounts receivable structure (which also includes large advertisers such as Ali and Kyundong who are not overdue).
From this data, such advertisers with a risk of bad debt have either paid back the debt or are already counting bad debt, so we tend to be optimistic about future bad debt losses, and we believe that there will also be a significant improvement in their ageing. Annual levels: the ratio of revenue received in advance/business income is close to 3.5% of the average value of three years.
Then, the operating capital assumption is the following. This assumption is all condensed into table numbers. In this study, several of the main variables in the valuation model have been identified. When the hypothesis is solved, the modelling is the process of water-to-diplomatic formation. All of the above is for a table to calculate the financial model -- an excel for the case.
Okay, before we do modeling, let's take a look at the basics of the case: the situation of the tan (the short video application of tremors, how the advertising resources will be seized) and the data acquisition of the case.
The strategic deployment and implementation of the “thousands of floors” are improving. At present, the crowd is warming, and its “thousands of floors” smart screens are beginning to appear, attracting a number of small and medium-sized clients and yielding some results, although the ratio is still small, it has less capacity to influence performance, and it will need to focus on improvements in the future.
2) With regard to the moats, the headlines of the elevator media, the city occupancy rate and the size of the buildings are crushing their peers. However, the high-city rate does not constitute the moat, which our research failed to see. Only high-city coverage + high conversion costs will enable effective moats to be built to avoid competition.
Net customers turn to consumer customers, and in terms of the rate of increase in consumer spending (about 20%), the moats of the media still exist. But note, today, a special phenomenon is the seizure of the advertising market in buildings, not necessarily a competitor such as the new media, but probably an opponent in non-business such as tremor.
Value, the key is the question: do you think the building media is traditional or new?) The return analysis, which for the last three years has been 186.5%, 220.4%, and 107.7%, respectively, of roic cut off cash, and more financial and other liquid assets sold without cutting cash. The level of data cut off the excess cash is still at second line white horse level.
Positions, lined up with ocean rivers, Elie, Vitamins, etc. 4) Risks are both technologically iterative and qualitative. Receivables in this case are faster than operating income increases, while sales costs are faster than revenue increases, implying two major incentives for the use of credit liberalization for customers and sales costs.
It's hard to stimulate income growth. Despite the improvements in the three quarters, bad accounts receivable are now in reverse nodes that need to be followed up on a continuous basis.
And some of the key companies have detailed valuations and models, and please purchase a prototype and a professional version of the report, using Yangjiang Power, Haikangway as an example.
The modeling part of the valuation is as follows: In the case of Yangtze Power, the balanced balance sheet projection sample: In the next professional and technical version of the report, we will address the following points in this case along the lines described above.
Major problems. Only by thinking clearly about these issues can the company become fully understood, forming a logical circle. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, they can move across the secondary market -- but, in fact, if the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk are not understood, there will still be a great disaster:
1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies, and what are the differences between the data zones, and whether there are any points to think about?
What are the factors, and where are the factors? If the sensitivity analysis is done, how much is the impact of Wacc and the acceleration on the valuation?) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain -- how is it different from the choice of different methods in the modelling of the valuation in this case? How should all the financial projections be combined to form a valuation model?
After the previous surge and collapse, many people may be panicking and dying at night -- so, what is the value of this case, what is the area, whether it's expensive or cheap?
Due to the public details of the report, there will be a conflict with the payee for the M & A report, so the M & A team will be required to make the report by the user, and part of it will no longer be provided free of charge, and gradually try to pay the fee function. Pay a reasonable price for the good product is a way to make the world a better place — everyone will pay for it.
This case will be updated to the “core product one: a professional version of the valuation report” of the elite team.
If you are interested in the [value section] of this case, as well as more other cases, you can scan the bottom two-dimensional code, get details of the valuation modeling of the case, and the financial risks that may be involved. At the same time, many reports that were previously unpublicable, as well as significant risk points, will be included.
In addition, for fee-paying members, the M&A historical studies, and the associated report ratings, a number of functions not available to the public (including valuation modelling forms for priority companies) will be open to downloading.
Specialized version of the purchase of model forms and invoices, please add a staff micro-letter: ys_dsj, with the exception of this case.
The eight words of value-deepness, security margins, can be said to be the true core of the value-investment research system, and the great minds of the greats of Barfit, Charlie Manger, Seth Karaman, Peter Lynch, John Neve, Joel Greenbrattt.
In both the primary and secondary markets, you can live in the market only if you have skills in financial analysis, industrial analysis, riverine analysis, valuation analysis, portfolio analysis. In particular, valuation analysis skills are the essence of the entire system of value investment research.
However, since valuation is not just a measure of data, it also needs to be based on an understanding of the market, an analysis of industry, and rigorous data computing, a field where the professional threshold is extremely high, often daunting, and therefore a major bottleneck in limiting the career development of capitalists and the breakthrough of the system.
And that's what the M&A team will do for the rest of their lives -- together with us, we'll hit the cards every day, for 10 years, and study 10,000 companies, and we won't be able to save money, and we won't be able to lose material strength, even if it's expensive.
We've been thinking about the research system for almost five years, hundreds of research cases for nearly three years, and hundreds of high-quality valuation reports that have been selected, all of which are in this database, on the one hand, a complete record of the merger and acquisition of the team research system, and, on the other hand, a desire to promote your thinking and not to go any further.
We're a group of researchers that focus on in-depth corporate research. This library, which enriches our research, is a set of research guides for the users of mergers and acquisitions. Hope you'll get what you want: daily mastery, copying, copying.) About content: we're responsible only for financial analysis, industrial research, and the content point of view is for participation only.
It does not support any form of basis for decision-making, nor does it support any form of investment proposal. It is based on public company attributes, organized in accordance with its statutory obligations to publicly disclose information such as financial statements, audits, bulletins, etc., and does not endorse future changes. Any future changes are irrelevant. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee their integrity.
The market is at risk, and research needs to be cautious. 3) On the subject: Financial modelling reports are huge, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, and do not guarantee that all the cases you need are covered, please understand. 4) On the platform: All the content of the elite team is exported only from the micro-ICT platform, is not responsible for any other platform content, is not responsible for imitation.
We retain the power to pursue the law.