For the first time, the company's main business was the development and operation of the media for the life circle, the main product being the media for the building (including the media).
Video and frame media, cinema screen advertising media, etc., are the absolute leaders of the industry.
The company was founded in 2003 and landed in NASDAQ in 2005, and gkonglicited/23.34 Re-entry of the seven-share-owned shares into the market in 2015 to provide the first-largest share in the media sector.
During the last three quarters, the company realized $8,806 million (-18.12 per cent) in return for a net profit of $1,360 million from the mother, and the underlying logic remained: income ends were affected by macroeconomic downside + client structure adjustments, cost reversals significantly increased the cost of leasing and depreciation, leading to short-term companies.
The period's performance fluctuated. But we always looked at the value of the medium in the advertising medium, and the market value of the circulation a unit (millions of dollars), which covered the mainstream + the features of the HF mandatory arrival, which were difficult to find in other advertising forms.
The firm's deep-farming industry has for many years mastered core points, core customer resources, and contributed to the relative depth of 300 indexes.
Short-term improvement trends: the impact of the epidemic may reduce the willingness of advertisers to invest in the short term, but competition in the industry will slow down, and a “retaliatory rebound” can be achieved when the epidemic is over.
The company’s overall impact is limited; macroeconomic warming, point-blowing, the company’s “business pole” advantage is reflected, and profits are expected to accelerate. Long-term improvement trend: 1) point-point optimization, dot-value enhancement.
Analysis, more efficient delivery, higher output of advertising inputs. 2) Downfall + out of the sea, widening the protected river, and adding new profit points. New middle-class rises rapidly in low-line cities, companies in time. Data cut-off date: 18.02.
The sunk channels respond to this growing market and are laid out in the core cities of some overseas countries. Based on similar business logic, the results of the domestic approach can be achieved over time. 3) Working with Ali, Taku, more cooperation is possible, and the long-term growth space opens up.
In addition to its effectiveness, the two sides can achieve multi-dimensional cooperation over the long term. As far as we're concerned, companies can open up new customers at less cost to mid- and long-tail traders in Skycats, local Wang Smin.
Risk factors for Xu Weibin: the epidemic progresses beyond expectations; macroeconomic downsides exceed expectations; subversive media emerges; competitors gain further access to finance.
1. Media creators in the world of life, first share of the media industry 1.1. Creates a life-cycle medium linking tens of millions of brands to the urban mainstream.
In 2015, the company returned to a share in the Chinese media with a seven-way hijab, and on 15 April 2016 the shares were officially placed on the market and were selected for 300 and 100 indexes. In the media industry (Senwan), the market value of the company was at one time over 10%, a well-deserved weighting in the plate. In 2017, the company won New York.
In 2018, the company was selected for China’s private sector company, with a market value of 20%. The company created a new category of elevator media, which is distinguished from the mass media, and which has evolved over the years to become the main product.
The company’s founder, Jiang Namchun, created the new concept of elevator media as a marketing tool, and seized the opportunity to develop it. The 2003 article “The State 18” explicitly identified the real estate sector as the backbone of the national economy, the housing market was launched at a faster pace, the company was formed the same year, and the elevator media grew up with the urbanization process.
More than 5,400 brands, including Pocahontas, Unilever, General, Mercedes, etc., have opted for distribution of the media: according to the Brandz’s world’s most valuable Chinese brand, 100% ranked, 81 have opted for distribution of the media. The media have become the infrastructure for the brand’s high-frequency reach and detonation of the city’s mainstream population, as well as the core entrance to the flow of traffic under the line.
At the end of the day, the results of a joint study by the five leading Chinese research companies showed that the mass elevator media covered more than 230 cities, with over 2.6 million terminals and a daily coverage of more than 310 million people. According to data from ipsos 2015, the company television ladder covered 91 per cent of the high- and middle-level penthouses, and the elevator poster market was over 73 per cent.
In 2003, the company was founded, with investments of more than $40 million in silver, gold, and gold. In 2005, the company landed in NASDAQ, making it the first place in the advertising media in China.
In 2006, companies acquired competing media outlets (the Trailers), framework media (the Trailers), entered the pre-screening advertising market through M&As, and Internet advertising and sales through M&As. Through M&As, companies consolidated the competitive position of building media and expanded the advertising scene.
2) The strategy was adjusted in a timely manner to focus on major business developments. In 2008, the global financial crisis erupted in the context of a combination and acquisitions of the Internet, and advertising operations were less integrated than expected, with companies substantially revalued their assets and goodwill, delaying their performance. In 2009, companies were redirected in a timely manner, displacing non-core assets, focusing on the three main fields of business: buildings, cinemas, malls.
Breaking up status, a steady increase in revenue, and a steady rise in Māori rates and net interest rates. Despite the company’s exposure in 2011 and the heavy penalties imposed on it by the US SEC, the impact on the company’s operations and reputation has not been significant.
Year after year, the company was privatized and successfully returned to a share in 2015. From the high expectations and market preferences of borrowing, the company’s valuations rose considerably. 4) The economy went down, the dots expanded, and the company temporarily fell into a low-end period. 2018q2 started, the company expanded gradually, while the company expanded at the same time.
The company is expected to achieve point optimization through digitalization, to create efficient synergies with Ali and to further enhance advertising value; after the expansion period, the company’s business pole effect will be visible and its performance will be substantially realized.
1.2 The former director of the advertising industry, Jiang Namchun, once again empowered Ali, the founder of the advertising industry, Jiang Namchun, who created a separate media, is an important source of success for the company. Jiang Namchun is currently the firm's realist, controlling shareholder, holding 23.34% of the company's shares, and is a director of the company.
Jiang Namchun has shown a great deal of marketing talent and speech at the university, has taken the Shanghai Huaihai Business Circle ad, has been the general manager of Young-yeon Advertisement, and will be in Yong-yi's income bag when he graduates. Then, with a keen commercial sense of smell, Jiang Namchun excavated the “life-friendly media” commercial scene, and has been captured.
In 2019, the company completed its first employee holding program, with a total fund-raising ceiling of $30 million, with the participation of company directors, vice-presidents, and Dong's secretary.
In 2018, Ali and his associates’ strategic equity company, as of 2019q3, Ali’s network held a direct share of 5.28%, each of them.
On 2 January 2019, the two parties jointly announced the promotion of the “u plan” and joined forces.
The company has now achieved a new marketing model of full chain-to-link, product-to-effect synergies. Through digital transformation, the company has become the core platform for integration, worldwide marketing, brand-based consumer assets, and can assist brand precision placement, screens, and end-to-end.
1.3 Life circles are absolutely the leading media players, waiting for a performance cut-off point to focus on major developments and sit on the market seat.
The company’s main business is the development and operation of the media in the life circle, the main products of which are building media (including video and frame media), cinema screen advertising media, and market end-of-life video media.
In the first half of 2019, the building media sector received $4.698 billion (-18.66 per cent), representing 82.18 per cent of the total, and 59.29 per cent of the total; the cinema media sector received $982 million (-17.89 per cent), accounting for 17.18 per cent of the total; the building media was the company's first largest business, accounting for about 80 per cent of the total.
In 2011, the company launched a new generation of interactive screens, with three additional interactive screens added to individual screens, displaying specific features of the goods, promotional information and sponsorship activities.
Wi-fi hotspots or ibeacon are installed on video media to enable accurate advertising and interactive marketing. The framework media can be divided into framework 1.0 and framework 2.0.
Some 785,000 self-employed devices in the company elevator television media (including some 33,000 media equipment from overseas subsidiaries), covering more than 160 cities in the country and nearly 20 major cities in countries such as Korea and Indonesia, joining the ranks of some 22,000 elevator television media equipment, covering 52 cities and districts in the country; and self-employed in the company elevator poster media
There are about 1.954,000 media outlets covering more than 230 cities in the country, and about 58,000 copies of the external purchase of cooperative elevator poster media, covering about 135 cities in the country. Nelson's data show that the number of people in the central city has more than 70% of the number of elevators in the inter-elevator market.
The cinema media is the second-largest after the building’s media, with a steady share of 16-20% of the total revenue. The cinema’s media includes billboard advertisements and pre-screening advertisements, mainly pre-screening advertisements. Poster advertisements are offered by the producer of the film or by the distributor, and pre-screening advertisements are usually commissioned by the cinema to be offered by a third-party company.
The model of companies’ collaboration with cinemas is the right to buy and publish all or part of the pre-filing advertising, the exclusive or non-exclusive right to settle and publish the billboard advertising, or a combination of several ways.
The company’s cooperative network of 37 cinemas, with a total of about 1,870 cinemas and over 12,500 cinemas, covers approximately 310 cities in the country. Currently, the company’s market coverage and revenue are the first. According to Ye Eun data, in 2016, the number of advertising receipts in the country was nearly 6 per cent.
As a result: the number of screens covered by the company in 2018 reached 21.1 per cent; at the end of the income, the advertising market was weakened by the macroeconomic impact of demand, compounding the effects of restructuring of the company ' s own clients, resulting in pressure on the company ' s revenues; at the end of the cost, the company has significantly expanded its ladder resources since 2018q2 and the company is renting them.
The expansion of low-line urban media outlets has led to a significant increase in operating costs in 2019 and is expected to reduce cost pressures in 2020. Corporate operating costs have increased on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of the significant expansion of elevator-type media resources from 2018h2 to 2018h2.
It consists mainly of rental costs, labour costs, depreciation, etc., with media rental costs exceeding 70% and rapidly increasing post-extension cost pressures. In 2018, media rental costs increased by 43.44% over the same period, and media operating costs in the first half of 2019 increased by 93.62% overall compared to the same period last year (rents + 101.5%, equipment depreciation + 252.5%, labour).
Cost + 75.5%, operating maintenance + 30.7%. The expansion slowed significantly in the first half of 2019, and cost pressures are expected to subside as expansion stops.
The company’s age structure deteriorated in 2019, and measures have been taken to control credit risk. The company’s letter of credit risk in the first three quarters of 2019.
A more careful assessment of the client’s qualifications and financial strength is required. Depending on the client’s qualifications, different proportions of advances are required to be advertised, and the progress of repayments is better tracked and implemented to control and protect against the production of new bad debts from the source. At present, the proportion of pre-collected accounts to total current liabilities is reversed, with advances to total current assets.
Since the beginning of the year, companies have strengthened their management and control over the return of receivables. With the previous three quarters of the Department’s operating income declining by 18.12% on a year-on-year basis, cash flows from operating activities have been 10,32 billion yuan, compared to 2018.
During the same period, there was an increase of $474 million, or 4.81 per cent. In 2018, the ratio of net operating cash flows to net non-mortality benefits fell to 75.27 per cent and recovered significantly in 2019.
2.1 The advertising industry, in tandem with economic growth, has a competitive track in which advertising itself is a natural growth business, with advertising spending linked to consumption, which is closely linked to the growth of gdp. Over the past 10 years, the ratio of advertising to the total of gdp, zero, has been stable in a given region.
Advertisement markets have always been “visible” in nature, and they have been growing at a time of boom or relative recession. In China, advertising in 2018 was $799.15 billion, an increase of 15.88% over the previous year, the largest increase in the last six years, and gdp.
When the market booms, firms try to maintain their reputation and gain greater competitive advantage; when markets are relatively weak, competition increases and sales become more important. During the current period of economic transition, firms are unable to “sit” to grow, and the value and role of advertising becomes more pronounced.
By contrast with the industry as a whole, the growth in corporate revenue has been higher than the growth in advertising, and the share in the industry has been rising: the share of companies has been rising as compared to the race.
The company's leading position is growing, and it's getting stronger. Advertising outside of online advertising. 2.2 Diffusion: finding the core of the scene, deep-deeping to the extreme.
The advantages of the course in which the company operates are reflected in its grasp of the core scenes. By capturing the key changes in the value of advertising and continuing to grow, it creates barriers to business models. (1) Large markets and large growth spaces.
Key one: the mainstream population. The rising disposable income of Chinese people stimulates consumer behaviour, boosts the continued boom in the consumer-charge market, and drives the growth of the advertising industry from the consumer end.
In the midst of rising consumption, the rising middle class is the consumption core. It is the company that captures the mainstream population, with 71 per cent of the escalator ' s audience structure between the ages of 20 and 45, and 68 per cent of the audience ' s monthly household income of more than $10,000, the main creator and consumer of China ' s wealth.
According to the data of the National Statistical Office, the urban population in China in 2018 was 831 million, with a middle-income population of about 550 million: in the future, the urban population and middle-income groups will be further expanded, corresponding to a large market for the future release of “community household consumption” by this segment of the population.
Keyword two: Mandatory. The company captures the variable and places the bets on the market. Changes in technology have changed the way in which people actively search for information, but the way in which people live and work has not changed.
This has led to the formation of a life-cycle media, with a low risk of being replaced by alternatives, and a high degree of certainty. According to research by Neil Sam, and Washington, D.C., the elevator television single channel arrives with major television channels and major video networks, key three: HF.
Everyone has to pass through the apartment building and the elevator entrance of the writing building, which gives rise to a variety of consumer decisions. According to data from power platforms like Ali Baba and Kyundong, the vast majority of electric currents are generated at 10 a.m., 3 p.m. and 9 p.m., and are highly compatible with work and work-to-home.
The target population has an average of 2.76 daily contact with elevator televisions, with an average of 2.5 minutes of contact each time. Key four: low interference.
The elevator is a low-disturbing closed space, and watching elevator advertising becomes a "no choice." The pre-cafe advertising creates a closed environment with a strong voice and provides a low-dry, perturbable environment. According to Nelson's research on advertising concerns, consumers are willing to view the film.
The value of escalators has been validated by the market. According to the results of the 100-digit market study, both the living room TV and the elevator advertising have contributed 18%.
As we can see, elevator advertising is one of the main ways to promote consumer consumption, and elevator advertising is becoming a form of advertising that people are more willing to accept, and advertising is making a good difference.
On the one hand, online traffic is becoming more expensive, and it is becoming more difficult to compete for the attention of users, and the attraction of the media to advertisers in the world becomes more pronounced. On the other hand, online traffic competition is becoming more intense, with high flow prices; on the other hand, Internet giants, with their monopoly on “entry”, have a higher bargaining power over advertisers.
Advertisements have a higher value for money. In the face of the slowdown in Internet users and the tendency to overturn the dividends of online flows, the Internet giants have also deployed underline media, such as Alibaba Investment Corporation, Kyoto, 100-degree investment in new media, etc., whose value is recognized by the Internet giants.
Compared to other advertising media, the overall growth of the media in the world of life is faster and there is still much room for improvement in their value. According to the Irene Consulting survey, outdoor advertising reached 18.2% in 2015-2018, amounting to $45.61 billion, of which the building elevators, traffic trips, and cinemas were the three most marketing scenes, with market shares in 2018, respectively.
A total of 35.6 per cent, 47.7 per cent, and 11.6 per cent of the population are covered by advertising inputs from mainstream advertising media.
In the media, the number of Chinese middle class is 204 million, as measured by Chfs in 2015; and in television advertisements, 218 million cable televisions, with an average household population of 3.02 at the end of 2018, are considered to be undervalued.
In an era of mobile Internet, the growth rate of companies, though falling, was limited. The company began with a series of changes based on the cloud of property, search, and electricity, “three clouds” and continued to innovate to further refine communications.
After entering the stock market, Ali's accuracy in advertising is further enhanced, and it is hoped to bring in more long-tailed customers and local life customers. The group is not only a channel for commercial advertising, but also an integrated service provider for the client.
The case has accumulated through the advertising of millions of branders and the feedback of the market, and companies have accumulated a wealth of experience in consumer insight and precision, and have developed a 3-year-old system that is at the bottom, with fundamental values and growth spaces that continue to look good.
In 2019, corporate revenues and profits fell by a year-on-year margin, but the decline was narrow. The second half of the year, as a result of a period of macroeconomic weakness, the rapid expansion of corporate media resources led to a significant increase in operating costs, with 2019h1 now attributable to 778 million net profits of shareholders in listed companies, down by 76.76 per cent from the same year, and q3-quarters.
According to the branch, the profits of both the building and the cinema media have declined to varying degrees. On the building ' s media, 209h1 received $5,717 million in revenue, down 19.6 per cent from the same period the previous year; the operating cost was 2,637 million, up 93.6 per cent from the same period, and the film studios decreased 2.7 per cent from the same time in the first half of 2019, with 10.3 per cent from the same time, which affected cinemas.
One of the reasons for the increase of 6.9 per cent over the same period was the downside of the macroeconomics, the slower growth of the cinematography, and the fluctuations in the advertising owners' confidence in the overall economic market in 2019, which led to China's advertising market.
Re-entering the adjustment period, but the overall trend has increased in a volatile fashion. According to the data released by the ctr medium, in November 2019, the cost of advertising in the media as a whole fell by 3.1% from the same year to the lowest value since January 2019, and the same trend has narrowed.
While advertising spending has been significantly reduced, the growth of the media in the world of life has been sustained, with the category of media outlets, cinemas, and cinemas growing only in the second place. Overall, the spending on advertising continued to decline in 2019, compared to 2018, and the growth in the media in the world of life, albeit at a significant rate of decline, has continued.
The pace of growth in the cinema room has slowed, further affecting the willingness of advertisers to invest, and the average price has decreased. Since 2016, as the rate of growth in the country’s cinematography has slowed, the average number of places has decreased (17 for 2018h1 and 14 for 2019h1) and the rate of arrival of advertisements has fallen.
In terms of revenue composition, Internet customers used to be the main contributors to the company’s revenue. But as the Internet industry financed the market, the company’s client structure was changing, with the traditional consumer goods client ratio rising and occupying the largest.
According to the company ' s semi-annual report of 2019, consumer goods used on a daily basis account for the highest percentage of customers, accounting for 30.66 per cent, a significant increase from the previous year.q In the third quarter, consumer goods used on a day basis remained the company ' s top customer category, which is wide.
In the case of food beverages, cosmetics, cleaning materials, and clothing, advertising has increased significantly. Business and service businesses, with the fastest increase of 82.14%, have benefited mainly from the advertising contribution of small and medium-sized customers based on local life.
The reduced client base is mainly the new economic category that relies on primary market financing. The market financing environment at the level of the Internet industry is difficult, with continued weakening of Internet-type clients in the 2019q3 quarter, with a drop of over 50 per cent and a decline in the share to 19 per cent.
In the short term, the q2 Euros in 2020 and the q3 Olympics are strong for advertising consumer goods customers.
Looking back, 2008 was more similar to 2019 in terms of operating difficulties. Similarities are found in: slipping at the profit level, with the Māori rate falling to an all-time low of 22.87% in 2008; and the underlying decline in profitability.
As a result of their similarity, macroeconomic downturns have been preceded by large-scale expansions. In 2008-2009, as a result of the global financial crisis, the value of gdp fell by 4.5 pct in 2008 and further in 2009, we believe that macroeconomic improvements have driven firm performance to rebound with greater certainty.
According to data from January of the year, elevator advertising penetration in first-line cities is highest in Shanghai (28%) and lowest in Shenzhen (9%), and there is still much room for improvement. In second-line and lower cities, penetration rates are low and disparities between cities are high, and the channels are low.
Given the value of low-line city advertising, companies can open up new opportunities for growth by developing market sinking strategies. While deep-drawing the two-line urban core, companies are actively moving to the first-line city, in order to meet the demand for nationalization of more customers.
At present, about 20% of the company's overall resource points are located in three or four-line cities. For the first time, the three or four-line cities complement the two-line, although they have not yet achieved better profits, in low-line cities.
Purchasing power and advertising are increasing, advertisers are sunk, creating strong and sustained growth drives for companies, low-line urban middle class growth is accelerating, waiting for the point to fade. McKinsey predicts that the share of middle-class and wealthy classes in Chinese urban households will rise significantly, reaching 81% in 2022.
Three hundred thousand dollars of household cagr is 38%. The growth rate is more than 23% in second-line cities. The rate of increase in the middle of the three-line cities is roughly the same as that of the second-line cities five years ago. In the current state of unsaturated demand, three-fourth-line cities have lower overall coverage and less profitable cities than one-second-line cities.
In 2019, the company’s life-cycle media network covered nearly 20 cities in Korea, Singapore, and Indonesia, in addition to more than 300 cities across the country. In 2017, the company set up Korean subsidiaries and acquired Korea.
In 2018, the company established a joint venture with the Singapore Press Holdings Group (sph), which is still expanding the market. By the end of July 2019, the company had expanded its operations to 20 major cities in Korea, Singapore, Indonesia, etc., with 33,000 screens.
In July 2018, Ali’s strategic entry stock opened up a digital enabling, the company started to refine its position in the second half of 2019, and the value of the position is expected to be revalued. It is expected to be further developed through more accurate placement and data regression.
The company works with Alibaba to explore a digital marketing model that combines effects, and Alibaba uses ad media that empowers him with accurate data operations, using geo-precision-based analysis of advertising that is favoured by the public, search preferences, consumption preferences, and social preferences.
Both have been working together for a very short time, but with significant results, with full and effective access to online and offline stations. The company integrated into the Alibaba global marketing chain, fighting with Ali, brand advertising and effect advertising, effectively increased the efficiency of advertising and the efficiency of sales transformation.
By reaching 27% of the online unreached population, the sales of over-advertised brands in Skycat stations have increased significantly, reaching 50% uv returns, 30% uv buy-backs and 20% uv deals, respectively. Advertising marketing can be visualized, and further data can be used to sense user needs, and in the future, as both parties work together.
There is much scope for cooperation with Ali. In addition to best spot promotions, companies are expected to get more quality advertisers and expand on their long-tail customers: Alibaba subsidiary, local life merchants or people who will.
In the short term, the effects of cooperation are not evident in the profitability of the company, but in the medium and long term there is an imaginary amount of leverage in the company's operations, elasticity in its performance, and point digestion is expected to release a significant amount of performance. Income = dot-by-point price of a magazine × posting rate, which makes it difficult to increase the number of posts in the short term after the dot-exploitation period, and thus represents a significant increase in the cost of the input period and an increase in revenue.
Small, and costly: After the completion of the input period, near zero cost gains are needed, with profits increasing at a significantly faster rate than revenue growth. Currently, corporate single-screen revenue and the same rate of growth have been at their lowest level in many years, and in 2019 the company phased out its position expansion and reached its lowest point of return.
3.4 There is a positive change in the pattern of competition, with the industry warming at a time when the growth of the company is taking place, and the advertising industry displays a stronger scale effect. By pre-emptive advantage, the firm has locked itself in high-quality positions, and it is difficult to compete against the company’s financial resources and strength.
The company’s biggest competitor is now the newcomer, with a total of seven rounds of financing in 2014-2019, including 100 degrees of investment and Kyoto.
With more than $6 billion, financing has expanded and has become the second largest sector in the world, but it has attracted advertisers by means of high-priced dotting, lower-priced investment, and, although it has also put some pressure on the diversification of Maori, it has far more power and financial resources than its counterparts, and the new tides have to be constantly invested in capital maintenance, which has been difficult to sustain.
According to the data disclosed by the family home (whose home is the owner of the new wave media), the new wave media had net assets of 323 million yuan at the beginning of 2018, leaving a balance of 175 million yuan at the end of the year, with a net profit of 1,005 million yuan at the mother’s end of the year of 174 million yuan.
The company has a near monopoly on the entry of high-quality traffic below the line, which is supplemented by options available to competitors, such as new tides, Chinese language, cities, etc., if they cannot meet the advertising master’s coverage requirements. Accordingly, competitors are less able to negotiate and have a much lower listing rate than companies, and low profits are not enough to support expansion.
Under the economic environment, cash flows are more important as the lifeline of an enterprise than growth. The new coronary virus pneumonia is black.
However, on the first day of the resumption (9 February 2020), the news media announced a reduction of 500 employees by 20 per cent, a reduction of 10 per cent of the company's total staff, and a reduction of 20 top managers among its employees.
The company has a huge impact, with a 70% drop in business in February, which is expected to continue into the second quarter. Despite the devastating impact of the epidemic on the entire industry, the company is significantly more risk-resistant than its rivals, or it can make the short-term “unfavorable” of the industry its president, the cinema media, the concentration of the industry, and the power of the industry to warm back.
In the cold and winter of the industry, one of the leaders of the industry has been losing a lot of money in recent years, culminating in a bankruptcy settlement before the court on 26 July 2019. As a result, the concentration of the industry has increased further, creating a situation in which there are two separate groups of individuals. In 2018, the company's cinematographer
The share of corporate income dropped by more than 3%, or 16.37% of total revenue. The decline in revenue and cost rigidity led to a decline of about 9% in the Māori rate of business.
At present, the number of cinemas cooperating and the resources of the screens are far higher than the amount of Wanda. And, with the three main mediums of elevator posters, televisions, and the sale of the screens, they can sell them to advertisers from the screens of the cinemas and raise their willingness to publish them. As the quality of the films improves, the willingness to see them rises.
The new coronary pneumonia epidemic, or advertising that will affect industry clients, will be budgeted, putting some pressure on companies to grow their revenues and profits in 2020.
The advertising audience's life circle has been significantly reduced due to the “household” restrictions; advertising owners, especially the under-line industry, have suffered a severe impact on their business operations, and the fastest growing clients of the company are commercial and service-type clients who are affected by the epidemic.
By the time the report was issued, the epidemic was continuing, and experts had estimated that it would be over by the end of April, taking into account the “retaliatory rebound” in the consumer market after the outbreak had ended, or that it would have been counterproductive.
2) Cooperation with Ali is limited in the short term, but the long-term growth space opens up. On the one hand, companies can open up new customers at less cost; on the other hand, through precision and impact analysis, more efficient delivery, advertising, etc.) government subsidies are sustainable and related to the profits of the previous year.
The government subsidy is mainly derived from local governments’ investment promotions and the tax concessions agreed upon in the company’s contract, i.e., the return portion linked to the company’s taxes and fees, which is a recurrent gain and sustainable. But, due to the delay in the base for tax returns, a fall in profits in 2019 could lead to a corresponding reduction in government subsidies in 2020.
1) Building media operations: End of Revenue, 2019, client restructuring, loss of single screen revenue, projected decline 2) cinema media operations: End of Revenue, 982 million won in the first half of 2019, ticket houses performed well in the second half of 2019, and the epidemic outpaced expectations.
Main business is hit hard, cash flow is strained, and these factors together lead to lower advertising spending. If the epidemic progresses beyond expectations, it will have a significant negative impact on client operations or will have a greater impact on the company ' s performance in 2020.2 The macroeconomic downturn exceeds expectations.
More than expected, it will further slow down corporate performance. 3. Subversive media appear. While the company captures a relatively “unchanged” advertising scene, other subversive media may affect advertising owners' decision-making by reducing their budget input on the ladder, thereby affecting the company's fundamentals.
4. Further access to finance by competitors. The disadvantages for the industry as a whole are conducive to improving the competitive position of firms, but if competitors continue to obtain financing and compete in “price wars”, or have a negative impact on corporate profitability.