Researchchand developmentcenter full-blown smart cars with multiple operations on the ground.
– In-depth report for the Smart Network Cars Series (1) (00063): (1) full deployment of smart cars, many operations continue to land on 21 March 2021
The strong power of firms in technology R & D becomes a core competition for new applications with communications (000063) power and long-term growth logic. It is widely accepted in the market that future growth of firms will continue to depend on 5g.
The cyclical upturn has led to the growth of the operator’s business, focusing too much on the net profits on the firm’s books and on the cyclical nature of the operator’s capital expenditure, ignoring the core technological upgrading that the company has been investing more than $120 billion in research and development over the past 11 years. We believe that the current 5g plan is to be put in place, apart from driving the business.
In addition to large-scale growth, it will also lead to a significant increase in industrial intelligence, downstream applications of networking technologies. The firm, based on its operator's business, is actively developing core technologies such as chip, operating systems, and databases.
The company has a long history of intelligent car chain layout, has software-defined smart car capabilities, and is gradually becoming a full-fledged industrial chain ecological layout, promising to open up a new curve for long-term growth.
And operating systems have been deep-ploughing for many years, with the ability to define smart cars in software, and the layout of the smart car industry chain is one of the channels through which the core technology accumulates, as well as strategic measures to deepen the interconnection of everything in the 5g era, with the ultimate aim of making the car a new, autonomous mobile traffic terminal in the 5g era.
It's been five to eight years in smart car layouts, but market concerns are low, and companies are now leading the country in many fields at the technical level, and they're at the bottom of Tesla and Bosch industries, driving software and hardware platforms automatically, smart car operating systems, c-v2x, wireless chargers.
There has been a breakthrough in technology research and development, in new energy cells, and in the production of new energy/smart passenger cars, and smart cars have become the second priority industry in which companies are strongly promoting development.
Risk factors: 1, 5g less than expected; smart cars less than expected; 3 Central American trade; 4 frictions; spread of the new crown epidemic; Sinda Securities Inc.
This report will focus on the layout of communications in the smart car industry chain and the new value realization point of the company ' s core technology.
We believe that companies have been deep-ploughing databases, chips and operating systems for many years, have the ability to define smart cars in software, and that the layout of the automobile industry chain is one of the channels of central technology accumulation and a strategic initiative to deepen the connectivity of everything in the 5g era at the earliest, but market concerns are low, and we find that companies are already leading the country in many areas of technology.
At the same time, certification and outreach have been relatively successful, such as in the areas of autopilot superb, smart car operating systems, new feeders, new energy sources in the field of wireless charge-up, self-innovation to fill domestic gaps, technological excellence in the fields of Tesla, Bosch, etc., where companies themselves have a deep technological build-up in the area of car connectivity, power cells, whole cars, etc.
The pattern of the manufacturing sector is strategically important for deepening synergies up and down the industrial chain, improving ecology, etc. The market is generally of the opinion that the future growth of performance in medium-evolving communications will continue to be driven by a 5g-cycle upswing, leading to the growth of operators’ business, and we believe that central technologies such as chip, operating systems, and databases are based on the operator’s business.
Intelligentization, networking, and the acceleration of national production substitution processes will accelerate the realization of corporate core technology in smart driving, industrial Internet, finance technology, and new energy sources. The market is too focused on net corporate book profits, too much on operator capital spending, cyclicality, and neglecting the core technological upgrading that companies have been investing more than $12 billion in R & D over the past 11 years, 5g at this stage.
Planning for investment, in addition to generating large-scale growth in the operator ' s business, will also lead to a significant increase in downstream applications of industry-based smart-networked technologies, while corporate breakthrough bottlenecks in core technologies, such as chips, will accelerate the process of national substitution of core technologies, and the build-up of nuclear heart technology will lead to the realization of multiple areas, such as intelligent driving.
After six years of continuous investment, China’s communications have broken down in technology development and volume production in areas such as autopilot of hardware and software platforms, smart car operating systems, c-v2x, wireless charger power technologies, new energy cells, and new energy/smart bus whole-car manufacturing, and smart cars have become the second priority industry for companies to push for development.