Q4 top q4 performance is expected to drive communications plate reverse communications (000063.sz) 25/01 2021
• The “buy-in” rating was maintained by the company on 23 January. The company achieved $101,379 million in 2020 and $27,250 million (+2.8 per cent); the mother's net profit was $1,655 million (+62.2 per cent) and the profit margin was realized by q4
During the reporting period, the company’s domestic and foreign markets were symmetrically active, deepening its foreign value markets and increasing its profitability as operators’ networks, consumers’ operations, and government firms increased. We believe that the global 5g layout will continue to accelerate in 2021, and that the company’s share of the global market as the leader of the industry will continue to grow.
With a sustained development dividend of 5g, our business performance is expected to be higher than expected, with the country’s 5g construction process leading to a good business environment. According to Ministry of Trade and Communications data, over 600,000 stations were built in 2020, adding 400,000 of China’s 7m wide electricity in 2021.
Site planning, with 5g penetration, will continue to rise, integrate into the industry, enabler 5g to be used faster. According to data from dell'oro, centralized communication accounts for 14.2% of the global communications market, an increase of 5.2% over 2018, with a decrease of 3.6%, company asset and liability structures being optimized and business capacity improving continuously; and strategic companies are being strengthened.
International improvements are evident, with the 5g Pioneer Market Dynamics highlighting 5g at its core, maintaining globalization, focusing on high-quality customers, and laying the foundation for companies’ long-term competitiveness and market share upgrading. Companies are expected to increase their profitability as a result of their scarcity of 5g core assets, technology, products, etc.
The corporate update report - China’s global communications, with multiple advantages, such as customer resources, will strengthen the corporate momentum, and future business performance is expected to be higher than expected. Market share increases, with a 5-g-strength core capital.
“Handings Up” - 2020.4.3.5g to accelerate demand for jiggered communications equipment on the market 1.1. Policy environment continues to be optimized
As an important area of new infrastructure, 5g has responded to policy and helped to boost the market economy. 5g As early as 2018, we introduced the concept of new infrastructure, mainly in seven areas, namely, 5g network construction, super-high pressure, inter-city high-speed railways, urban orbital transport, and large data centres. The constant increase in the heat of new infrastructure reflects the urgent need to build a digital economy.
As the core foundation of the “new infrastructure” key mission and communication facilities, the 5g network is in the process of accelerating development, and policies and programmes are frequently launched by relevant agencies, including the Government, to promote 5g development, which will in the future be underpinned by an important network that will empower industries and ultimately contribute to market economic development, bringing value added to the trillion-degree economy.
By the end of the year, the number of sites is expected to increase further.
Sub-provincial coverage of the main urban area of the 5g network. 1.2. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Millions of yuan, at a rate of 437.62%, and 6g as a share of total capital expenditure, at 53.90%, are on a sharp upward trend. As operators invest in capital, the lead company for telecommunications has reached the stage of gold development.
The number of users has risen, and the construction of the 5g base station is moving up the speed line. In contrast to the coverage of the 4g base station and 5g, the 5g base station still needs to be fully covered.
In 2019, China was ranked first in 3147, with communications raising its global ranking by 2,561, and two companies combined.
With 5708 patents, accounting for 34.4 per cent of the market share, compared with the 2014 4g standard patent volume, the number of patents and global share of domestic ICT manufacturers have risen significantly, and China, China, and China, with its technological advantages, is looking forward to further expanding the global market share in the 5g wave.
Figure 3: Patent dominance of overseas telecommunications equipment manufacturers in 2014 Figure 2: Number of 5g standard patents in China and China in 2019
Chinese equipment dealers have gone from one g to one, 2g to the mainstream, 3g to standard-setting, 4g to catch-up, and 5g overstepped. In 2018, China accounted for 36% of the market share of China and China Communications, rising from 2020q3 to 47%, mainly to increase the share of China’s communications market.
Since the time of the 3g era, China has promoted telecommunications td-scdma, moving to China for commercial purposes. In the 4g era, the country has been pushing for the development of tdlte within the country, with three major operators supporting Chinese communications.
Lower, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
The communications advantages of the 2-5g era highlight the prospect of narrowing the gap between China and China 2.1, the company's main focus on the market for high Maori operators, with less volatile performance, and the fact that communications operations in the middle are at the top of the world.
By the way, China has a comparative advantage, with the global wireless main equipment, light transmission, and broadband access markets ranked first, and routers second. But China’s share of the global market for communications has recovered from the adverse effects of US restrictions in 2018, with wireless equipment ranking fourth, broadband access ranking third, and acceptance.
Central communications operators are growing steadily, and consumer operations are becoming more volatile. Business positioning is chosen as one of the only two communications end-to-end providers in the world.
Mainly, the business structure is supported by government and consumer business; the goal is to become the global leader of the ict (differentiated information and communication objectives) with differentiated outcomes in the composition of the main business. Operators are stable, large, and have a high Maori advantage.
Upstream links in the chain are investment-driven rather than consumption-driven and generally more stable. At the same time, the operator's business is technology-oriented, and the boom in communications, because of its technological sophistication, especially since 5g, makes the business sector the best. Companies have accumulated long experience in keeping their products close to the needs of their operators.
Operators also have a much higher volume of purchases than zero sales or wholesalers, such as companies, consumers, and so on, giving them an advantage of scale. Communications in the middle of the world, with long experience, are expected to fill the gap by becoming more sticky in communications solutions.
By the end of 2019, it had developed innovative technology and product solutions for telecommunications operators and government-owned customers in more than 160 countries and regions around the world, fully serving mainstream global operators and government-owned clients, and had worked with more than 70 global operators in 5g. By the end of 2019, it had been in industry, travel, education, health care, media, ports, environmental protection, energy, etc.
In 15 sectors, such as transport, more than 300 partners have developed, exploring 86 5g applications and successfully implementing more than 60 practical projects on a global scale.
Sticky, and it is hoped that the current gap with China will be bridged in the future in terms of government and business services. 2.2, China moves a steady increase in the winning share of the 5g2 series, boosts confidence in development.
The winning company was largely dominated by Chinese communications, with Tang Telecom and Ericsson being basically the third and fourth candidates. In 2020, China moved to publish the results of the 5g base station, the Chinese and Chinese communications accounted for 57.20% and 28.7%, respectively, of the 5g base station, and the Chinese and Chinese communications accounted for a significant increase in the Chinese and Chinese communications winning share compared to the 4g project.
The three main operators’ markets are tilted toward China, China, and China. China’s telecommunications and Chinese connection to China’s 5gsa new project to centralize the purchase of new wireless major equipment accounts for 55% of the total, China’s communications account for 33% of the total, and the operator’s business is largely stable as a supplier.
The Chinese and Chinese communications 5g build-up equipment has a certain advantage in terms of equipment consumption, weight interface capacity equipment, weight interface capability, etc., which will also underpin the industry’s position in this business. Three major suppliers’ recognition of Chinese and Chinese communications will also provide a positive signal for raising market recognition and consumer confidence.
Figure 10: Telecommunications and Connectivity procurement projects solid in 2020, leading position in the communications industry 2.3, strong corporate long-term growth momentum, and communications in China have placed R&D in a strategic position.
There is a need to adapt the product to the changes in network standards and to invest more in R & D to maintain technological excellence and ensure the speed of product renewal. In terms of R & D costs, S & D costs rose to $12.548 billion in 2019 compared to 2018, while R & D inputs continued to rise in revenue between 2017 and 2019; and China was a source of R & D costs.
The year-to-year trend is rising, from $131,659 million in 2019 to $131,659 million in 2019, with a steady increase in R & D costs as a share of income, and a steady increase in communications R & D capacity, with more than 74,000 patents. Between 2014 and 2019, the number and share of communications R & D personnel increased, reaching 40.39 per cent of R & D staff and capital in 2019.
The rate of capitalization of R & D costs was 18.11 per cent in 2019, promising future economic benefits. The current ratio of patents has accumulated more than 74,000, and R & D capabilities and technological leadership have been consolidated. In 2019, the total amount of profits was 85,000, leading the industry, and more than 90 per cent were patents for inventions, with R & D capabilities.
Communications in China will increase core product R & D and strategic layout planning for long-term development. Communications in China will tighten future markets. Competition will concentrate on core products such as 5g, carrying and chip, increasing R & D inputs for related projects, following the 5g wave, developing products that meet market needs, and further consolidating core competitiveness.
In order to increase the input of materials and core technologies, China has launched the "New Materials+New Technologies" project, which will build a 45nm chip production line that has no US technology at all, and will explore cooperation to build a 28nm autonomous chip production line.
Sino-American trade friction affects the global economy and 5g development. Sino-American trade friction brings with it uncertainty in the industry, escalating with the US’s restrictions on Chinese-like enterprises, which, if not effectively addressed in the future, could affect the development of 5g both domestically and internationally.
The country’s 5g commercial is not as expected. The domestic 5g commercial is not as well expected, and the operator’s 5g commercial push is highly influenced by national policies, not excluding the development of the 5g base station part of the product, which leads to the development of the industry.
The impact was expected to result in a 5g commercial shortfall.