Communications (000063), technology flagship, 5g cast, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Recommended logic: the company's 5g wireless share in the country, based on about 30 per cent of the previous two tenders, dropped rapidly to 69.9 days, and the quality of the company's inventory was higher in the 5g era, with significant improvements in asset quality: rapid growth of the industry's spending market on 5g equipment, corporate governance and enterprise layout and upstream chip R & D
There's a huge potential for domestic equipment dealers to break through in the 5g era. Competition in the global telecommunications industry has evolved only in countries where domestic manufacturers have successfully transformed themselves into multi-technology giants, and we believe that this is mainly because of equipment dealers.
The technical barriers to patents are “locks”, the capability circle expands and is reversible, and more important is the huge domestic consumer application market and the accompanying mature industrial chain support. The 5g era, with the growing trend of wireless integration, has seen the upgrading of the infrastructure chain, and the build-up of the equipment industry in the context of national production substitution has taken place.
We believe that there is a huge potential to break the circle at 5g. • The domestic share of the operator’s business has steadily increased, and demand from overseas is expected to recover. In 2020, domestic operators did not have 5g.
The share of companies moving in China was 29% in line two, and 33% in China Telecom China. The three tenders were launched immediately, and the price discounts in the implementation of the three interims were expected to be gradually adjusted to normal prices, together with the decline in the share of overseas equipment suppliers.
The company ' s 5g wireless share is expected to increase steadily, and the Māori rate is expected to rise. By 2020, H1 had 46 5g commercial contracts worldwide, and as the epidemic resumed in the second half of 2020, progress in corporate contract signing continued, with 55 5g globally as of September 2020
Business contracts. We believe that in 2021 the company is expected to continue to benefit from the additional construction needs of the overseas 5g network. The quality of the company’s assets has improved significantly from the point of view of accounts receivable and inventory.
Also, we collect and analyse publicly available product life-cycle information in the company ' s history, and the average life-cycle of a single product is likely to be relatively prolonged due to a more uniform global mobile communication spectrum compared to the 3g/4g period, with a strong upward momentum (2020-10-29)
We believe that the quality of the stock in the assets of the company in the 5g era is much higher. 2. China’s communications (000063).
For telecommunications operators, the large product lines imported into their own network and terminal equipment are the core logic of the development of chip design.
We believe that there is still much room for growth in corporate design. With the deployment of the 5g network, spending on 5g equipment in the straight industry will increase rapidly, the country is expected to spend more than $520 billion on 5g equipment in all sectors in 2030, and the company's product distribution in the fields of industrial association and political and business applications will be increased.
Significant growth in beneficiary industries. Based on a comparison of the size of R & D inputs by firms and the share of the 5g market, we believe that firms have made substantial R & D deployments to the incremental market, and that companies have been transformed into diversified technology giants in the 5g era.
Company Profile: Communications among the world’s leading domestic communications equipment manufacturers are leading firms in the production of integrated communications equipment and solutions for leading global major companies. The company was established in 1985 to be listed in the deep business a share in 1997 and in the Hong Kong trade a share in 2004.
The network of operators, businesses and consumer operations, which cover more than 160 countries and territories worldwide, serve one quarter of the world's population and have the fourth largest market share among the world's four major communications owners, ranking among the top 70 global innovators and the top 50 global inict firms.
The top 10 shareholders hold 46.98% of the shares. The four major shareholders in Xianjin Communications Ltd. hold 34%, 14.5%, 49%, and 2.5% of the shares in Xi's electronics, space wide-woo, central-wielding and national-surgery divisions respectively. The company's network of operators provides mainly wireless access, cable access, carrier networks, core networks, telecommunications software systems.
Innovative technology and product solutions such as services: Government and business based on products such as “communication networks, material networking, big data, cloud computing” to provide governments and businesses with various kinds of information solutions: consumer operations focus on consumer and industry needs, production and marketing of smartphones, mobile data terminals, household information terminals, integration innovation terminals, etc., and related soft
According to the company ' s annual report of 2019, in 2019, the company achieved operating income of 90.737 billion yuan, an increase of 6.11 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net profit of 5148 million yuan for the mother and a net profit of 485 million yuan for the deduction of non-profits. In 2020, q1-q3 companies achieved operating income of 74.129 billion yuan, an increase of 15.39 per cent, a net profit of 2,712 million yuan for the parent, a decrease of 34.30 per cent and a deduction of 34.30 per cent for the same year.
The non-net profit was 1,446 million yuan, an increase of 103.59 per cent over the same period. According to the company ' s fast-track 2020 performance report, published on 23 January, mainly due to a one-time pre-tax return of 2,662 million yuan from asset disposal in 2019, this represents a significant increase in the annual net gain of 2019, with operators achieving operating income of 66,584 million yuan, consumers ' operating income of 1,497 million yuan, and government enterprises.
The level of Māori business is high, with a Māori business rate of 43% for operators in 2019, significantly higher than the levels of 18% for consumers and 29% for companies. The revenue from corporate business operators grew faster, and the share of revenue increased, becoming the largest revenue sub-area for company-owned business, from mainland China, Europe and America and Oceania in 2019.
In Asia (except China) and Africa, which account for 64.2 per cent, 15.5 per cent, 14.5 per cent and 5.8 per cent respectively, mainland China is the result of a larger base of companies, mainly from pre-tax revenue matters recognized by companies in 2019.
2.1 Multi-dimensional business expansion takes time and time, and domestic manufacturers have been successful in looking at the global telecommunication equipment market from Nokia, Siemens, Alcatel, Rantz and the domestic dragon communications, Da Tang telecommunications to the deer, and the industry has been continuously integrated and restructured and reduced to the post-2016 phase.
China, Ericsson, Nokia, and China’s four major equipment dealers were set up. International telecom manufacturers have little precedent for becoming full-scale technology giants, only domestic producers have succeeded in growing from ct to technology giants in a variety of fields, such as telecommunications equipment, consumer terminals, chip designs, cloud computing. We observe market competition in the global telecommunications industry, manufacturers.
It has evolved from simple technological competition to factors ranging from patent standards, cost control, supply capacity, including the adequacy of the relevant industrial chain in the economy where the manufacturer is located, whether the size of the economy's market is sufficient to support the higher-to-chip design, the down-stream expansion of its services, and the full range of factors related to the availability of a sufficiently large and iterative new market demand to meet the multi-business expansion potential of the manufacturer.
Figure 8: Evolution of the competitive pattern of global telecommunications equipment providers, from the point of view of the business performance trends of the four existing equipment providers, Ericsson faced a double downturn in revenue and profits by 2017, a company replacement strategy in 2017, significant layoffs and reductions in non-core operations, and a centralized resource layout of 5g, cloud
In key areas, such as the Internet, profitability has gradually improved, but the size of the harvest has been significantly different from that of the head company, and the winding-up structure remains largely dominated by the operator. Nokia has once dominated the world by the dominance of mobile consumers, followed by the appearance of iphone and Andre systems, which have led to a decline in Nokia and a steady decline in revenue and net profits in the second half of 2013.
In 2016, Nokia completed the acquisition of Alcatraz, and the layout of 5g began to accelerate, while the collection process gradually improved, but was also constrained by the original business structure and the failure to complete the transition to a full-scale ict technology giant. The business income of domestic equipment producers, Hwa, has been growing steadily.
With the rapid expansion of corporate consumer business in 2017, the growth rate of harvests reached a historic peak, while the rate of harvests slowed slightly in 2018-2019 sustained a 17 per cent increase, and the size of the harvests has spread across rivals, successfully transforming them into full-scale ict technology giants.
From the revenue structure of the company in China in 2019, consumer operations mainly provide consumers and business institutions with smart equipment, such as mobile phones, tablets, pc, and their corresponding applications and services, with the largest contribution to revenue collection, 54 per cent; Operators operate primarily to provide wireless networks, cloud core networks, fixed networks, clouds, etc., to customers of telecommunications operators worldwide.
The business is to use technology to provide digital transformational ict products and solutions to government clients, which contribute 10% to income. As a representative of the domestic communications equipment provider, China is no longer just a communications equipment manufacturer but a fully diversified company.
We believe that this is not only a manifestation of the competitiveness of a single enterprise, but also of a combination of “extensive” factors, such as technological trends, the overall size of the enterprise’s economy and the ability of the industrial chain to support it. 2.2 Accumulation of patented technology is anchored in the development of a “stop-and-go” capability circle.
Throughout the world’s technology firms, leading communicators have the advantage of turning to full-scale ict technology giants over other t-businesses. For example, Google Fibres, an example of an in-house company, tried to access broadband access through Google Fibres, from officially launching Google Fibres in 2012 to becoming out of the market in 2017, with Google spending five years and hundreds of billions of dollars of dollars in inputs.
The company had tried to enter the market for the chip, and since 2017, long legal proceedings had been initiated with Hightower, with over 50 cases involving billions of dollars, with a six-year licensing agreement concluded with Hightower in April 2019. As we can see, communications equipment and chip collars were the cause of a six-year deal.
The area is about the bottom-level capabilities of the IT business, where the IT enterprise tries to expand its operations to a relatively difficult area of communication, but rather communications equipment, which has very high entry barriers and moats, and which we think has the advantage of being a full-scale ict technology giant. First of all, the telecommunications industry itself has a very obvious scale effect and a large market.
After several alternations of mobile communication networks, the industry has developed a relatively mature front market, with leading firms already strong in size and capital strength; and secondly, the continuous accumulation of patent standards and R & D inputs in the field of communications have built up a vast moat for equipment manufacturers, from patents to standards formation to technology reserves, to technology research and development in the pan-t field, and equipment manufacturers have “entered”
In the end, since communications equipment involves not only the “numeric” capabilities of patented standards, but also the manufacture of electronic equipment, and since communications equipment carries its own independent software, equipment manufacturers have the natural design capability of both “mathematical” and “soft” combinations of hardware production and software development in technology enterprises.
To the extent that there is an appropriate industrial environment and technological trend from the outside, communications equipment manufacturers, with their own strategies and people’s incentives in place, have great potential to grow into full-scale ict technology giants. Horizontally, considering the R & D inputs of four major equipment providers, domestic producers have kept their R & D investment at around 30% for a long time.
Growth: R & D investment began to outpace Ericsson in 2013, with the highest R & D investment among the four major equipment dealers, followed by a high rate of growth in consumer business between 2014 and 2015, with consumer business gathering outpacing the operator in 2018, marking the transformation of the company to a multi-technology giant.
Ericsson and Nokia are already tired of research and development inputs. Ericsson, after several rounds of ceo replacement and big-scale strategic and business adjustments in 2017, began to implement a focused strategy, focusing on networks, digital operations and management services, focusing on the future layout of the network 5g, strengthening R & D inputs, with 32% higher growth in R & D investments in 2017.
Nokia’s R & D investment in Alcatraz’s acquisition only surged in 2016, and the downward trend was evident in other years. With the exception of communications among domestic manufacturers, which fell in 2018 for special reasons – 20% of that year’s R & D investment, international equipment counterparts were unable to capture new industrial trends after they had been disadvantaged in the equipment market, even if they were able to expand.
The potential of the power circle and the lack of sustained growth in the diversification of its operations are, in our view, mainly due to the lack of clarity of its own strategy and, in addition, to the lack of a high-growth, incremental market in its economy, as well as to its industrial chain, based on a global 5g patent issued by the Japan Technology Trade Corporation in May 2020.