Ports of transport shipping and non-financial companies: mid-2025: performance increases, port operations bright
Investment rating: Increase in (maintain) Liu Xiaoning ' s volume of combined transport operations and increase in terminal operations to support the company ' s performance. In the first half of 2025, it was continuously replenished by the European and United States of America.
The combination of several factors, such as increased trade activity in emerging markets, and the continuing impact of changes in geopolitical patterns on the flow of some routes, has allowed the container shipping market to sustain the growth of demand.
The bill of lading volume was 13.2809 million teu, +6.59 per cent, of which the company disclosed the revenue from the single container of the international route, Wang Xuewu Zhang Fong Chul
Tariff fluctuations hit shipping prices, supply continued pressure, and market patterns firmly underpinned industry profits. The US-based tariff policy experienced frequent adjustments in the first half of 2025 that continued to hit US-line markets, and there was some uncertainty about the direction of US-tariff policy in the second half of the year.
In the medium and long term, the risk of additional and excess capacity will continue to accumulate. As large numbers of new orders are delivered in the future, the bulk market will be facing larger shipments over the next three years.
Under the "3+1" pattern of ocean, twin stars, pa, and msc after msc, industry concentration remains high, or will support lower freight prices, and companies are expected to continue to make robust profits in the future.
The new supply and demand situation and the continuing deviation from the Red Sea, we expect the Middle and Far Seas to control the share of the net profit from the period 2025-2027, taking into account the firmness of the industry and the nature of the company’s dividends, to maintain an “enhanced” rating. My personal perception of the target securities and issuers.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.