Mid-2023: All revenue collections have increased significantly, and there is hope to continue to benefit from the downstream ups and downs, Keyword: # Second Curve
Events: On 23 August 2023, the company released its semi-annual performance report for 2023. The company insists on linkages, targeting business related to strategic and emerging industries, with domestic macroeconomic recovery and good performance results.
• Investment of $2.72 billion to build communities of high-end interconnected technology industries to enhance the firm’s core competitiveness. In July 2023, the Department issued a public announcement stating that the company intended to build a community of high-end interconnected technology industries, with a total investment of $2.72 billion for the construction of high-end connector smart manufacturing plants, high-precision modeling.
Engineering centres, innovation incubation centres and ancillary facilities, along with the acquisition of equipment for the establishment of small, low-sized, integrated transport links and components, optical transmission devices and components, microwave photo-fibre devices and components, and smart manufacturing lines such as liquid cold-distribution heat components and equipment.
Revenue from sales of $3.96 billion, total profits of $700 million, internal returns of 17.2 per cent of the project, invested back in China Light Power (002179), 2022.
The South China Industrial Base project has been completed and officially launched in the first quarter of 2023. The Luoyang Basic Devices Industrial Park project has completed its main structural cap and is expected to be operational by early 2024, with the capacity released as construction progresses.
In terms of goods, the military industry continued to be high during the 1455s, with the company leading as a military connector.
Report: q2 net profit and increase Field penetration is rising around the direction of electric, intelligent, networked cars at 58%, connector leaders, both civil and military.
A breakthrough in matching shares for major priority car companies is expected to continue to bring new performance growth points for companies.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: based on the high profile of the military industry during the 1455s, and taking into account the company’s leading position in the connector market and the rapid development of downstream operations, we maintain our previous commitment to the company.
Three major financial forecasting tables for China Navigation Photovoltaics. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.