China PV (002179), F-FDTL, steady progress in operations and continued increase in profitability
Events: The company released its semi-annual report for 2023, with business collections from January to June 2023 steadily advancing and increasing profitability. During the reporting period, the company ' s South China Business Base project (a phase) officially became operational, driving the firm ' s high-end manufacturing industry to a high level of industrialization.
Launch at the beginning of the year: subsidiary Shen Yanghua focuses on the field of air engine breakdown and wind engine power generation Operations, initiating the implementation of air engine beams and small wind engine capacity upgrading projects:
The company’s combined Māori rate is 38.05% in the first half of the year, compared to the previous year’s total equity/flow (billion shares)
During the reporting period, companies invested 947 million yuan in R & D, an increase of 28.76 per cent over the same period. Companies continued to promote “lead innovation”.
Engineering, strengthening “basic, front-line, original” technology research, achieving technological breakthroughs in high-speed transmission technology, radio frequency transmission technology, deep-water sealing technology, etc.: continuous promotion of manufacturing capacity upgrading, focus on key core processes, intensive technical clearance of industrial technical challenges, emphasis
(b) Accelerating the transformation of digital intelligence, supported by software and supported by intelligent warehousing logistics systems and automated equipment, to support the achievement of technological excellence in the manufacturing industry, with significant technological innovation.
Businesses are advancing steadily, profitability is increasing steadily, profitability is increasing steadily
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute purchases of the said securities.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.