Power cell break-through, three operations in parallel, billion latitudes of lithium (300014.sz) in the harvest period, three operations in parallel, cover for the first time, and give a "buy-in" rating.
Millions of latitudes of lithium can start with lithium primary batteries, and have evolved into integrated power solutions providers in the production of lithium ion batteries, electronic smoke and power cells. Corporate power cells are now fast and long-term, and will be an important driving force for medium- and long-term growth. Companies shift the application of cylinder batteries from electric vehicles to electric vehicles.
In addition, the company holds 32.02% of Smoor International, the world’s largest electronic smoke-odm factory. The company’s operations go hand in hand, and the company’s power and storage operations move into a full harvest period, with a significant expansion + upstream competitive advantage.
In 2015, Lithium billion latitudes were able to deploy power cells, and three-dollar packages and three-dimensional squares are now in place for the use of the vehicle market. In 2021, the application of lithium square batteries was expanded from storage energy, commercial traffic, to a passenger vehicle market. In product positioning, the company insists on a high-strength strategy, with three types of technology at present.
The route is technologically mature, and orders from well-known domestic and international car factories have been cut off. On the supply chain layout, the company formed a joint venture with the State of New Zeus as early as March 2018. Since 2021, the company has significantly increased its up-and-up (especially positive materials, resources). We expect the company's power & storage power to be 2021-2023.
• Participant in Smoor International, enjoying the growth dividend of the electronic tobacco industry. Smore International was established in 2009 and has now grown into a global e-smoker leader, with 18.9 per cent of the city in 2020, able to invest in Smore International in 2014 and holding Smoor as of 2021/02/04.
A high-quality feelerm fog core is Smaur International’s core competitiveness, which guarantees its high Māori rate and strong bargaining power in the industrial chain; and a tightening of policy will help promote greater industrial concentration, with Smoll’s international deep-seated head customers expected to benefit directly.
The rise in the price of raw materials has had an impact on corporate profits. Lithium-based batteries, with four major business plates growing in relays, were created in 2001 to cover lithium-based batteries, consumer-grade lithium-ion batteries, power & storage.
Batteries, and participation in the 32.02% share of Simore International (formerly Macwell), the world ' s largest electronic tobacco factory, have now developed into a comprehensive power solution provider. (1) By 2011, it was driven mainly by the growth of lithium cells: the company was rooted in the lithium original battery at the beginning of its existence.
In the field, the company ' s lithium cell city in 2008 was the country ' s first and fifth largest in the world, with a 39 per cent share in the country ' s cities; the lithium battery business increased from 63 million yuan in 2006 to 418 million yuan in 2011. (2) The fluctuations in the consumption of lithium ion batteries in 2012-2015 affected the company ' s performance and the acquisition of McWear ' s power supply.
Sub-smoking Market: The company began the marketing of the consumer lithium ion battery market in 2010 with the selection of electro-smoking batteries as an important breakthrough point, and in 2012 acquired German conglomerates to deepen the layout of the electro-smoking lithium battery, benefiting from the growth of the e-smoking market in 2013, where the consumer-smoking lithium ion battery collection increased by 529 to 503 million yuan on the same scale.
In 2014, the company’s consumption of lithium ion batteries was hit by a decline in its one-time share of the electronic smoke market. In addition, in 2014, the company acquired 50.1% of Macwell’s shares of electronic smoke at a transaction value of $439 million. (3) In 2016, the consumption of lithium ion batteries, electronic smoke, power & storage batteries entered a high-growth period.
Stable growth continued through the sharing of bicycles, the rise of the etc market; tws headphones, electric tools, electric power, etc. provided a completely new growth point for the company ' s consumption of lithium ion batteries operations in the areas of twarts; significant growth in the McWell industry since 2018 provided the company with a strong return on investment; and the power & storage business received a return on its pre-existing reserves.
Development strategies: Actively robust, horizontally extended product categories around the lithium battery main line, vertically extended product categories, horizontally excavated application fields, with easy and rolling inputs. In industrial layouts, companies have developed longitudinal techniques around lithium battery operations (starting with lithium primary batteries, extending to lithium ion batteries, power & storage batteries) and horizontal expansion.
Application areas (in the case of lithium primary batteries, where traditional areas such as smart meters are developed first, and then the market needs change gradually break down the market segment of shared bicycles, etc, tpms, etc.). In the production of capacity, the company uses a “rolling input, step-by-step” strategy to reduce financial risks, whether it consumes lithium ion batteries or power cells.
On the choice of the art route, the company’s power cell business has been parallel to the earlier technology routes, and at a later stage the main technology circuits and application markets have been established. Active and robust development strategies have been running through the company’s development.
Power & Storage Batteries: Multi-point layout, accelerated expansion, full harvest period, company power & storage operations, multiple technology routes, full harvest date. Millions of latitudes of lithium can only be configured in 2015, with three-dimensional steel squares, three-dimensional cylinders, and three-dollar packages (in cooperation with the ski).
In 2017, the company shifted the cylindrical production line to the consumer category (primarily electric tools and two wheels), established the location of the three-dollar soft-pack and three-dimensional main supply vehicle market, and further expanded the application of the iron lithium square battery from storage, commercial vehicles to the passenger-car market in 2021.
The meta-product layout, on the one hand, has won more room for error for companies that are currently exploring power cell operations, and, on the other hand, has helped to adjust their strategies in a timely manner in response to changes in market demand. In product positioning, the company has a strategy of high-strength, and is now technologically matured in the form of lithium squares, triple soft bags, and triple squares.
The company’s power-driven and power-efficient battery operations are now fully harvested. The production mix is designed to be followed by early and rigorous internal expansion, and later active expansion is expected to meet rising demand downstream.
(i) Iron phosphate lithium batteries are an important dynamic area for the company over the next three years, and the company has further expanded the application of lithium phosphate squares from the commercial & storage energy market to the passenger vehicle market, which is expected to reach 60gwhh by the end of 2023;
At the end of the year, the capacity will reach 9.8 gwh; (3) the three-dimensional square battery is currently producing 1.5 gwh, certified as BMW, and later capacity will continue to expand. 2.1. Dithium square: power in the use of vehicles, storage, and rapid growth.
In addition, the Ninder era and Biadi have introduced ctp, Blade battery technology, which directly integrates a core into a battery bag, and Blade cell with a cell core designed as a flat length.
On the one hand, the efficiency of the space use of the battery bag is effectively increased and the energy density of the system is increased, and on the other hand, the use of some of the structural components has been reduced by the above-mentioned formula. Structural innovations such as ctp/blade cells have addressed to some extent the central pain point of the low energy density of the lfp battery.
Figure 5: Ningde-era ctp technology directly integrates a core into a battery bag. Figure 6: Biadi Blade cell is designed in a flat long shape. From 2020, the lfp battery load ratio has increased significantly and gradually infiltrates into high-end vehicles.
Power Batteries Industry Innovation Alliance data, the ratio of lfp battery loaders recovered significantly since 2020, reaching 53% in December, or more than three dollars. From the model, the lfp battery has made a breakthrough in the area of high-end use, except for medium- and low-end vehicles, with the 2020 editions of model3 (catl supply), and high-end vehicles such as Biadehan.
With the exception of the ongoing penetration of the Biadi Blade battery into other vehicle types under the flag, the current extension of version p7 has been loaded with the lfp battery and we expect the lfp battery to be expected to be a significant drop in the entry of many luxury cars, figure 7: the lfp battery has increased significantly since 2020.
In addition, the need for electrochemical storage energy has been highlighted in the context of carbon neutralization and targeting in many countries around the world. We anticipate that the global need for lithium storage in 2025 will increase from 42.58 gwh in 2021 to 181.05gwh.
In 2015, the company began to build a diamond-shaped steel battery line, it was positioned early on in the commercial car & storage market, it began bulk sales in 2016, and it entered the Golden Dragonbus supply chain in 2017. As a result of the company’s gradual expansion of commercial car customers and their deep binding, the domestic subsidy policy changes from 2017 to 2019 led to the phosphate market in the passenger car.
The ratio of lithium batteries declined significantly, rising to 8.8 per cent in 2019 in the company ' s domestic city, where it was ranked fourth. In 2020, the market declined as a result of a decline in commercial vehicle sales and a rebound in the use of lithium batteries.
Figure 9: 99% of commercial vehicles with 202.1q 1 billion latitude lithium lfp battery loaders by car, storage and energy markets are the focus of the company ' s future expansion of the iron lithium square battery. We expect to increase the capacity of the bottom company ' s iron lithium square battery to 60gwh by 2023 (with 32gwh storage/commercial vehicle battery capacity, multiplied).
With a vehicle battery capacity of 28gwh), the volume is expected to increase to 22.5gwh (with a storage capacity of 9gwh, and a vehicle battery capacity of 13.5gwh). 2.2, Trinity packages: high-strike, from cooperation with the ski to self-contained systems.
Billion dollars and a supply agreement with Dymler (by the end of 2027). In 2019, the modern Kia was set at 13.48gwh in six years. In 2020, Ping was supplied, and in December 2020 the ski received 49% of the 100 million-latitude energy pool through debt swaps.
In addition, we expect a net interest rate of 20.21q.1 million latitudes to reach 12.1 per cent, while maintaining a high profit margin, which would benefit from an excellent level of process and thus maintain a high level of good quality, while companies and overseas customers usually use “class cost plus” pricing to maintain profitability.
Thanks to cooperation with ski, the stringent requirements of Daimler and modern Kia in terms of production processes and product quality, companies have a higher starting point for soft-packed batteries than other second-line battery plants, and have gradually developed their own production processes. By 2020, companies used their own soft-packing technology to produce small-pack soft-packed batteries, which has been fully proven to be public.
The company and ski have built up a billion-latitude capacity of 9.8gwh; ski plans 27gwh for the Salt City Soft Battery Project, with 30% of the company’s share. Given the progressive maturity of the company’s softweight battery technology, we expect the successor company to expand its capacity independently under the billion-latitude flag.
2.3. Three-dimensional squares: Self-research technology binds the BMW, marches 48v batteries into the New Blue Sea, and the 3-dimensional battery is the product route that the company developed and produced autonomously. In July 2020, the company announced that the BMW had been fixed, marking that the company ' s three-dimensional square batteries had reached industry-class standards.
In October 2020, the company received a BMW 48v product destination letter, and in February 2021, it received a Jaguar Tiger 48v product destination letter.
In addition to the large client orders, the company has a layout in the 12v system battery field. 48v blended systems combine the two advantages of more efficient and less costly oil and have a significant value-for-money advantage. The mixed-power system combines electric motors and internal combustion engines to drive the vehicle forward, depending on the system's voltage level.
Pre-mixed power technology routes can be divided into four types: micro-mixing (12v), light-mixing (48v), medium-mixing and heavy-mixing. In terms of fuel efficiency, 48v light-mixing systems can be 10-15% more efficient than 12v micromixing systems. In terms of application area, 48v can withstand a larger load than 12v, widening the application landscape. In terms of hardware cost, 48v light-mixing systems are slightly more efficient.
More than 12v micromixing system, but significantly less than any other technical route. Taken together, 48V technology routes are the most effective means of reducing fuel consumption at a relatively high current cost. 48v light mixing system developed on the basis of 12v micromixing system.
A hybrid power system was added on the basis of the Modular Modular System, with the following additional components: 48v Light Combination System Lithium Battery, dc/dc Converter, while the original 12v MicroModing System was replaced with a small electric power unit with greater power. 12v Modified System is functionally used to handle low load requirements such as shutdowns, lighting, entertainment systems, 48v Light Combination
In the context of stringent carbon emission tests in places like Europe, the 48v light mix system is an important means of achieving energy-saving emission reductions in addition to electric vehicles. European car companies like Mercedes, BMW, Audi, and the general public have increased their dominance over 48v.
The global sales of 48v light-mixed systems amounted to 12,540,000 units and the market for 48v light-mixed lithium batteries amounted to $29.7 billion. 48v batteries competed well, with low downstream price sensitivity, companies were expected to maintain better levels of profitability.
The market for 48v batteries is currently in the blue sea. On the other hand, with 48v power source systems of low value (0.4-0.5 million yuan), battery value of around 0.2-0.30 million dollars, the entire garage is not very sensitive to the price of 48v batteries. We expect 48v battery companies to earn a higher profit.
The company has a positive layout, with an initial production capacity of 10 million units. Of these, a planned production capacity of 3.5 million units is expected in 2.4. Supply chain: enhanced supply chain layout, enhanced competitive advantage. Supply chain management capacity is one of the core competitive elements of a battery plant.
The relatively high share of raw materials, the strong commodity properties of the positive and polar links and the high volatility of prices make it necessary for the battery plant to nurture a diversified supply chain and, through various forms of equity investment, to in-depth bind upstream producers (especially resource producers) to ensure its own supply chain security and control costs; on the other hand, power batteries.
The Ninder era has taken the lead in building competitive edges through strong supply chain management. The Ninder era has taken ownership of the supply chain through strong supply chain management: (1) participation in upstream resources, smoothing commodity price fluctuations; and (2) training.
Multiplicity of supply chains to ensure security of supply and lower prices; (3) development in collaboration with material manufacturers; (4) production of materials in the “class-for-work” mode; (5) industrial cluster development to reduce transport costs and increase responsiveness. Details can be found in our previous research paper, The Ninder Age Depth Series (II):
In March 2018, the company joined a joint venture with New Zeus State. Since 2021, the company has significantly increased its upstream presence (especially in material and resource materials).
At the resource end, the company was involved in an increase in the Chinese-American cobalt industry in January 2021; in May 2021, the Chinese-language Cobalt Cobalt (Indonesia) Ltd. was set up in a joint venture with the Chinese-American Cobalt Industry, among others. At the positive end, in March 2021, the Public Division established a joint venture with Tefonami to produce a positive phosphate lithium, with a planned capacity of 100,000 tons per year;
In May 2021, a joint venture was set up with Bettere and Kiski to produce a three-way nickel-high positive, with a planned annual capacity of 50,000 tons. The company’s increased profile of the upstream sector will continue to expand the power & storage battery business. 2.5 Summary: R & D + management + capital build competitive advantages, power & storage cells will fly.
The company’s power cell technology routes cover the iron and lithium square, the tri-dollar soft envelope, and the tri-dimensional square, one of the most abundant product-line layouts in mainstream manufacturers. The early market questioning companies’ late deployments in power cell areas and the multi-tech layouts may result in operations not being supported by sufficient resources, but the company’s technology routes are now being developed.
We think that the main reason for the rapid growth of corporate power cells is: (1) multi-year storage and continued high-intensity research and development in the field of electrochemistry.
Since the beginning of the lithium battery industry, there has been a much deeper accumulation in electrochemistry. At the same time, the company spent $398 million on research and development of the company’s power and storage industries in the year of power and power generation, representing 10.2% of the revenue.
The company’s ability to learn and implement is largely reflected in the fact that the company’s four technological routes (the cylinders and the two wheels of electric tools and electric vehicles) deployed in the field of power batteries have been broken in a relatively short time. Moreover, the company’s continued expansion of its operations and its borders have been accompanied by a convergence of operations, which is a full reflection of the company’s higher management.
(3) Cash flow from other operations and Smoll's dividends support the expansion of power & storage cells support the expansion of corporate power & storage cells.
3.1 Lithium primary batteries: small and scattered markets, continued consolidation of company tap status Lithium primary batteries are also known as primary lithium cells with high energy density, stability and temperature range properties. Lithium primary batteries cover three main categories of lithium sub-cells, lithium manganese batteries, lithium iron batteries, of which lithium sub-cells and lithium manganese batteries are eyes.
The two formerly dominant types of lithium primary batteries are small and fragmented, new applications are being created, and their size is expected to increase steadily in the future.
It also gives rise to new areas such as shared bicycles. In the larger trend of interconnectivity, various types of networking applications (e.g., data from researchreports, 15.7 billion yuan in 2019, the global lithium primary battery market, we expect to maintain a 5-6% growth rate in the future.
Lithium cells are the cornerstone of the company’s business, which increased in size from $60 million in 2006 to $1.89 billion in 2019. The company started with lithium batteries, which made a major breakthrough in technology and markets in 2005 and became the country’s largest producer of lithium batteries in 2008, with a market share of 39%.
The growth path, the early growth path, which was dominated by deep-farming smart meter markets, while consolidating domestic market niches, was actively opening up overseas markets; late entry into emerging markets such as tpms, smoke alarms, etc., the high rate of growth in lithium primary batteries in 2017 and 2019 was the result of the rise of downstream shared bicycles, etc.
Figure 26: Lithium primary battery market share of the company in 2018, III 3.1.1, watch 1: Lithium primary battery “small and beautiful”, the company is expected to maintain a high share and a high Māori ratio (1) The lithium primary battery application area is highly dispersed with the customer structure; and the lithium primary battery is in the corresponding end product
The cost ratio is low, so downstream customers are less sensitive to their prices and often have less bargaining power. The company has maintained a high level of Lithium Original Battery Māori rate since 2006. (2) Lithium primary battery business is a small asset with good profitability.
Billion dollars; investment in the lithium manganese battery project, at $150 million; projected annual revenues of $114 million, resulting in a net profit of $16 million. (3) Market space is limited, with fewer new entrants to the industry, mainly in the competition of stock producers; and technology is slow, leading to the continued consolidation of the strengths of leading producers in terms of technology, channels, etc., and the pattern of “strongers” is expected to continue.
3.1.2. View 2: The emergence of new applications and the continued provision of new growth points, in addition to traditional applications such as smart meters, in recent years the development of applications such as etc, tpms, and object networking has provided new growth points for the lithium primary battery business:
(i) Setc policy imperatives led to a significant increase in installation capacity in 2019. To ease highway traffic congestion, the Ministry of Transport launched the " Applied to a Big Push for the Development of the Highway " in May 2019.
By the end of 2019, the number of subscribers to the national etc reached 180 million, and the rate of use of motorway vehicles reached more than 90%. By the end of 2019, the country's etc clients had accumulated 204 million, a year-on-year increase.
In continuation of the need to upgrade the stacking stock replacement (generally 5-6 years replacement) and the incremental demand, we expect to install tpms as an incremental requirement for lithium cells in 2020-2025 by means of new vehicle applications. tpms (tire pressure monitoring system) function as a real-time automatic monitoring of tyre pressure during motor vehicle movements.
In 2019, the performance requirements and test methods of the tire pressure monitoring system were subjected to mandatory national standard technical review, and new applications for vehicle use will be mandatory for post-natal pressure monitoring from 2020 and will be enforced from 2021 for batches.
We expect that the domestic demand for lithium cells in tpms will be around 80 million. tpms have two direct and interconnectional options, which are superior to indirect in terms of accuracy, start-up time, and display effect, and we expect that the direct route will be mainstream. Direct tpms are usually used in more than four lithium cells, assuming straight.
With 80% of the connection, we expect that the domestic demand for lithium batteries in tpms will reach about 80 million. According to the company’s 2020 call-up instructions, the company plans to invest $333 million in a “high-temperature lithium manganese battery project for fetal pressure monitoring and product networking” that is expected to result in a new growth in the company’s lithium primary battery business.
3.2. Consumer lithium ion batteries: a different path, deep layout emerging markets Company differentiated layouts, continued exploration of emerging areas and efforts to become niches in the segmented markets. Similar to lithium primary batteries, the downstream market for consumer lithium ion batteries is fragmented, with more mature and larger lithium ion 3c
The battery market, and there are many new applications that are emerging. Unlike the growth path of traditional waste-free lithium ion battery companies such as the Pearl Sea crown, the East Lithium Lithium Via, the company's early layout pack planned to enter the lithium ion battery market in 2010 - 2011, choosing the area of electronic smoke as a breakout point, and the subsequent layouts (tws headphones, tws, etc.)
The market for electric tools, tws headphones, electric wheels, and electric wheels promotes a cross-cutting growth in the company’s consumption of lithium ion batteries. The company’s consumption of lithium ion batteries went downstream in 2012-2017, mainly for electronic smoke and smart hardware.
The company ' s acquisition of a manufacturer of lithium ion batteries for electronic smoke and its deepening of the layout of the e-smoking market resulted in a significant increase in consumer lithium ion batteries in 2013 as a result of increased demand for downstream e-smoking and the release of the company ' s productive capacity, while a significant decline in the one-time e-smoking ratio since 2014 has had a significant negative impact on companies.
Since 2018, the company has switched cylindrical battery production lines to the electric tool and electric two-wheeler market, and the continued boom in the tws headphones market has led to a leap in the company ' s consumer lithium ion battery business.
3.2.1. Gold bean batteries: forward-looking layout, precision card position tws headphone market is growing at a high rate, apples and mills are the world ' s top two tws headphone suppliers respectively. tws (truewielesstereo) is the real wireless stereo technology, since tws headphones do not need to be wired, in
In recent years, tws headphones have grown by 85/34/28/22 per cent over the same period. In terms of competition patterns, 2020 q3 apples, mills, and second-largest tws headphone suppliers in the world have accounted for 29 per cent (13 per cent).
Figure 29: The size of the global tws headphone market for 2020-2023 is projected to be 30:2020q3 apples, tws headphone batteries for millet share of the global tws headphone market, gradually moving from needle to button cells. Currently tws headphone batteries are divided mainly into buttons.
Batteries and needle-packed batteries are two types. On the one hand, the button cell capacity is significantly higher than that of a needle-packed battery (about 50 mah of a bean cell carried by anirpods pro, and 25 mah of a needle battery of the second generation of an airpods), on the other hand, because the needle battery is placed at the end of the earpiece and the bean battery is placed in the earpiece cavity, increasing its use.
The first and second generation of airpods are lig-chemical needle cells, while the airpodspro, introduced in 2019, switched to varta-button batteries, and the manufacturers of Samsung, Huayeng, Mi and others introduced beans into their tws headphones.
Figure 31: Airpods generation needle batteries carrying lig chemistry Figure 32: Airpodspro button batteries carrying varta billion, considering the gradual penetration of tws headphones from high-end brands such as apples to low- and medium-end markets and battery costs
Decline. We expect soy cells to cost $12/11/10.5/10.2 per unit in 2020-2023, with the corresponding market pre-emptively dominated high-end markets, with hundreds of millions of latitudes of lithium evaporating the patent blockade gradually breaking into high-end markets. Vatta, in the area of miniature batteries, has been deployed earlier, with the main clients being high-end customers such as Apple, Samsung, Jabra, Bosse, and so on.
The Bureau has a large number of patents that create barriers to back-up firms. Lithium billion latitudes have been able to develop button batteries since 2013, and many patents have been held in hand, with customers including Andres, and the company becoming a third-star battery supplier has demonstrated that it has gradually broken the patent blockade of varta.
By the end of the year, the capacity of button batteries has increased to 200 million per year, and we expect it to be 150 million per year. Moreover, we expect 70 million by 2021, and 140 million by 2021, considering that varta has three major clients besides apples, we expect that varta will not be able to reach its full capacity since 2021.
At the same time, hundreds of millions of latitudes of lithium can increase production inputs, planning for 2021. Electric tools: unlined trend to pull lithium battery demand, projected to be 10.8% cagr 2021-2025.
The global market for lithium batteries for electric tools is expected to be 53.3 billion yuan by 2025, and capr domestic producers will be able to penetrate gradually with a high-priced advantage from 2021-2025. Because of the need for fast-loading of electric tools, the multiplier performance of batteries will be higher.
In recent years, the market share has increased as a result of the continued breakthrough in the production of batteries in countries such as Lithium billion latitudes, and the power source of Skypunium, with clear cost advantages. The market share has increased from 2.2% in 2018 to 11.8% in 2020, when Lithium 100 million latitudes were transferred to the electric tool area.
The new version of the Code of Technology for the Safety of Electric bicycles, which has been in force since April 15, 2019, stipulates that the full mass of electric bicycles should not exceed 55 kgg, and that it should not exceed the standard model.
Alternatively, the replacement of a lighter lithium battery (the energy density of a low- and medium-end lithium battery is approximately four times that of a lead acid battery) or the application for an electric motor vehicle catalogue to become a motor vehicle (the consumer needs a relevant driver ' s licence and an additional licence, annual inspection fee, insurance year (a fully clean-up of non-compliant vehicles after the transition period) is expected to be a concentration period for the replacement of lead acid batteries with lithium electricity for the next 2-3 years.
Headlines, cattle technology, Yadi, Emma, Xinjiang, Green Source, Taiwan bells, green energy, etc., have already been powered, and companies have moved the power of the tri-cylinder battery to the market for electric tools and electric two-wheels in a timely manner, showing strategic vision and commitment.
By the end of 2019, with the certification of the tti, the global power utility tap, and the company's intention to build new capacity in Qingmen and Huixiang in 2020, we expect that by the end of 2021, the capacity of the company's tri-cylinder will reach 8 gwh.
Figure 38: The company ' s three-cylinder batteries are growing rapidly in the market for electric tools & electric two-wheeler vehicles 3.3. Summary: Responsiveness, enforcement, cost control are core competitive elements.
For more than 20 years, small lithium batteries (including lithium primary and consumer lithium ion batteries) have continued to expand their operational boundaries as downstream demand changes and have grown into small-scale power solution providers. (1) Downstream demand is highly dispersed, new demand continues to be created, and markets are growing steadily.
At the bottom, as the downstream application landscape continues to expand, incremental demand continues to be created. (2) Competition is relatively mild and profitable. On the one hand, battery costs account for less than the cost of their end-products, and customers are less sensitive to changes in battery prices; on the other hand, they are highly customized and large.
At the technological level, the basic innovation requirements for batteries are limited in these areas as compared to the power cell market.
(i) Good management mechanisms that maintain high managerial efficiency and enforcement while operations continue to grow. – As firms expand their radius, firms tend to be constrained in their responsiveness to markets and their ability to implement.
Building on its deep understanding of electrochemistry and its quantitative experience, the Division maintains greater enforcement and decision-making flexibility while continuously expanding its operational boundaries. (2) A forward-looking strategic vision. From the company ' s clothed bean batteries many years ago, investing in McVeil, and later.
Switching the product line of the three-cylinder battery to the area of electric tools and electric two-wheel vehicles reflects a forward-looking corporate battle, e-smoking: participation in Smore International, reaping the industrial growth dividend, 4.1. Industry: creating demand for quality supply
Electronic smoke can be divided into three main categories: closed-oil, open-scale, and closed-hnb (no-burning). The type of electronic smoke is filled with nicotine-containing smoke oil, which produces smoke through smog core-heated smoke oil, while the Hnb smoke is tobacco products that generate smoke through heating tobacco, which is closer to traditional tobacco taste.
Oil-type electronic smoke can be divided into open large and closed small smokes, which, on the one hand, can replace the heating wire and the battery module and can be adjusted to the size of the smoke, and, on the other hand, their silos are open and may need to be replaced on their own, which are smaller in size and easier to carry than open large smoke.
Quality supply creates demand – juul pioneered the use of nicotine salt to address bad oral pains, and led to the rapid growth of the tobacco market. Juul invented nicotine salt in 2016 and applied it to the flue oil, and the use of nicotine salt has led to a significant increase in the efficiency of nicotine transmission in the fumes, without the need to increase capacity or the use of nicotine.
Moreover, the closed cigarette itself has the advantage of being light and easy to carry. Since 2016, juul’s sales in the US market have started to increase significantly, and has driven the fast Hnb market in the United States to be dominated by Japan and Europe, with iqos accounting for 43% of sales, leading the industry.
Figure 42: The global hnb e-smoking market has grown steadily in size, figure 43: The global hnb sales structure is relatively high (2019 data) and figure 44: 43% iqos in the 2019 global hnb sales structure
With the widespread use of nicotine salt in oil-type smoke, closed electronic smoke is expected to take up 4.2 in 2025, Seymour International: global e-smootm dragons, and fieram ceramic cores are competitive.
Smore International was founded in 2009 and is now the world ' s leading e-smoker. The main business is now the odm/oem business (production of closed electronic fog equipment and electronic fog components) and the personal branding apv business, with hundreds of millions of latitudes in 2014 and a 50.1% stake in it.
Smoor International has continued to hold 32.02% shares as of 2021/02/04. Smoor International has undergone three major turns: (1) Smoor International has opened up the US market since 2012, and has completed its early accumulation; (2) Smoor International Export European Market since 2015 and has established a union with Japanese tobacco.
In relation to the first generation of ceramic core production in 2016; (3) the second generation of ceramic core production in Smoor International in 2018, with a partnership with the United States of America and the United States of America, the high-performance feedam ceramic core-led harvest and a significant increase in the Māori rate, Smoor International entering a fast-growing phase, with Smoor International global market as high as 18.9 per cent in 2020.
4.2.1, Feemm ceramic fog cores are excellent, guaranteeing Smoor's international high-morigin and strong bargaining power. Fog cores are a determining factor for electronic smoke, and Smoor's main ceramic cores have an incomparable advantage in performance over traditional cotton cores.
In 2013, Smoll International began research on ceramic cores, launched the first generation of ceramic core ccells in the first half of 2016, launched the second generation of ceramic cores, and began mass production in 2018. Feelm fog cores cover a layer of s-typed metal films at the base of ceramics, raising the heat transmission.
The introduction of efficiency to prevent the leakage of flue oil, resulting in a greater amount of smoke and finer particles, has led to a significant change in taste, leading to a significant increase in the performance of the high-quality fenim ceramic fumes from 2018 and maintaining the power of the industrial chain.
Moor International, with its high-quality fog core, has also gained a stronger bargaining power downstream, and, according to the company's offerbooks, as a result of mid-2018 US trade friction, companies exported American products with a 25 per cent tariff increase, while Smore International produced electronic fog components with a price reduction of only about 3.3 per cent, mostly shifting the pressure on tariffs.
Deeply tied to mainstream clients, focusing on branding to enhance consumer sticky Smoor International and mainstream electronic smoke branders. Smoor International’s main clients now cover Japanese tobacco, American and American tobacco branders, njoy, and new and emerging home-grown electronic smoke manufacturers represented by pleasure.
At the same time, through years of collaboration, branders’ customers have become more dependent on Smoor’s electronic smoke, and branders often do not easily replace their surrogates.
For Smaar International, this has helped to deepen consumer awareness of the brand of the brand; for electronic smoke manufacturers, because of the decisive influence of fog cores on the experience of electronic smoke use, "feelm"
Inside is also a good endorsement of the good quality of electronic smoke. In Intel, Smauer International and Intel are at the heart of the electronic smoke and consumer electronics industry chain, respectively (the advantage of fog cores/processors directly influences the end product use experience), both of which are achieved by enhancing brand awareness in the form of markings highlighting the end product.
4.2.3. The tightening of the policy will facilitate the promotion of greater concentration in the industry, and Smoor ' s deep tie-up of head clients is expected to benefit directly.
(premarkettobaccoapplication, pre-market application for tobacco) is an application for certification for the electronic tobacco industry launched by the Food and Drug Control Administration of the United States. Electronic smoke requires pmta to be marketed.
In RMB 2 million, a cigarette oil pmta costs RMB 20 million, and each additional product increases the cost. Now Smaur has his own cigarette brand, apv, and the top five clients have submitted pmta certifications for the products, as well as for the main customers in the country.
Preparation of the product pmta. The regulations for electronic smoke reference rolls are now clearly in place in the country, and the tightening of controls is expected to accelerate the washing of dishes in the electronic smoke industry, and Smoll's deep binding of mainstream customers in the industry will benefit fully from the increased concentration of downstream industries.
The overall improvement in the company’s operations, especially the power/power battery operation, which has been in the harvest for many years, will be the main driving force behind the company’s medium- and long-term growth. We expect the company’s operating revenues to be lower than expected for new energy cars in 2021-2023, faster than expected for the company’s power/power cell expansion and higher prices for raw materials.