Researchchand developmentcenter 20 new starting point, lithium battery carrier re-launching
On the 29th of July 2021, 20th of the new starting point, the lithium battery carrier re-launchs.
Lithium cell collectors, to cross lithium primary batteries to power cell products. The company was set up in the billion-latitude lithium energy (300014.sz) year-2016 and, as the electronic tobacco industry develops, the company supplies the same amount of cell batteries as the electro-smoking.
In the years and 2020, the company ' s power storage battery company, the power cell company, deployed in billions of latitudes and millions of latitudes, and developed high-quality customers, such as Daimler, modern Chia and China ' s Towers, while the company transferred shares in McWear, focused on lithium power, and in 2020, the company collected $8.16 billion, with lithium battery products.
With a capacity of 200gwhh, the consumer battery base collects 20 billion yuan and the power system collects 20 billion yuan, the short-term benefits of the three-dollar package, the release of lithium and lithium cylindrical batteries, and the acceleration of the upstream resource consolidation of the industrial chain. The effects of the 2021 epidemic were reduced, while the company ' s lithium and cylindrical production were able to maintain a high rate of start-up.
The expansion of production capacity has continued, with a doubling of planned production capacity in 2022; with regard to the triple package, the company has entered the Daimler, modern Kia and Peng supply systems and has achieved steady bulk supply, the subsidiaries have reached 11 per cent of the 100 million latitudes net interest rate, and the company's participation in the Salt City plant will gradually become operational as of this year.
In addition, the company has recently accelerated the consolidation of upstream resources in the industrial chain, with products such as lithium mines, lithium salt, lithium nodes, wet nickel mines, and high nickel nodes, guaranteeing adequate supply of raw materials while guaranteeing medium- and long-term benefits from the three-dimensional squares, power supply systems, and large cylindrical products.
The squares have opened up the market for phev and 48v systems, and now have the BMW, BMW, and BMW all, with their recent increase and decline (%) in high-quality domestic and foreign customers, such as the ball, Jaguar Lugger and Tung Fung Willows, and the products are expected to be phased out as of next year.
At the same time, companies are actively promoting technology exchange and certification of large-cylinder products with large global clients, and the share of undistributed a share (%) is expected to move towards a fixed point that supports sustained growth in the company ' s performance.
The market for e-smokers has a clear advantage, and it is expected that the benefiting industries will be regularized, generating a steady return on investment. The Smoor Ceramic Fogs technology has pioneered high-quality domestic and international customers, such as British American tobacco, Japanese tobacco, and relx, and their performance has largely doubled over the years.
In the context of strengthened regulation of e-smoking within the country, Smoll, as the leader of the industry, is expected to benefit from the regularization of the industry, with a further increase in the city’s occupancy rate, contributing to the company’s continued investment returns. Risk factors: the new crown epidemic, among others, leads to under-suspent sales of new energy vehicles around the world; price volatility of raw materials
(b) New customers are not expanding as expected; new capacity is expanding as expected; technological routes are changing; and e-smoking regulatory policies are more stringent than expected.
The market at 9th Alteration Street, Beijing City West Side, considers the company to be profitable this year against the backdrop of higher prices for upstream materials.
Production cylinder batteries have a strong bargaining power below the industrial chain, can better shift the pressure on raw materials to higher prices, and profits can be derived from the performance of comparable corporate blue lithium cores on a quarterly basis. Lithium battery companies have a lower market price for early applications, but are expected to increase profitability as the company’s storage lines become more productive and expand in the future.
The market believes that the company’s power cell technology is dependent on the ski, and that its own technical capabilities need to be validated. We believe that after years of development, including years of collaboration with ski, the company has accumulated a deeper level of technology, and that the company’s autonomous three-dimensional product has staggered.
Big domestic and international customers, such as BMW, BMW Global, Jaguar Lugger, and Tung Fung Willows, will be phased in from mid-year to mid-year. First, the first 20 years of the lithium tap will be the first to the power cell to the power cell to the company’s three-stage development, and the lithium primary to the power cell product will be crossed.
In 2013-2016, electronic smoke-related products were developed, while companies supplied the e-smoking lithium ion batteries and, since 2014, the Division has expanded to downstream e-smokers and e-smoking products, as follows: in 2016, the company received 2.34 billion yuan; of these, 780 million yuan and 830 million yuan, respectively, were lithium primary and lithium ion batteries;
In 2017 and 2020, the company formed the power storage battery subsidiary, the power-powered power and energy-collected income of the billion latitudes, and opened up high-quality customers such as Daimler, Modern Chia and China's Towers, while in 2017 the company transferred the Macwell Consumption Holdings to collect $20 billion and the power system to collect $20 billion, leading to a further cross-border growth in the overall collection scale.
The company’s traditional lithium primary battery is more profitable, its Māori rate is more than 30%, and its Māori rate has been around 40% in recent years, driven by continuous corporate efficiency gains and downstream industries. Lithium cell operations have been expanded by the company’s overall scale and application, resulting in an increase in the Māori rate from around 25% in single digits.
One hundred million yuan a year has been raised to 1.65 billion yuan by 2020. As the company's “three 200” targets have been advanced, the company actually controls the two-way shares of Liu Jin-sung and 1.28 per cent of the two companies listed, respectively, as well as the sum of 35.86 per cent of the shares of the company through the Tibetan billion-latitude holdings.
The director of the company, Mr. Liu Jinxeng, has a Ph.D. and ba background, the managing director Mr. Liu Qianhua has a sophisticated industrial and emba background at Wuhan University, and the company ' s management skills and management are very strong. Since his listing, the company has implemented eight employee holding schemes and two rounds of stock options and restricted stock incentives for employees.
There are sufficient equity incentives to bind listed companies to the interests of their employees and achieve joint growth. Second, three-dollar packages work in depth with ski to bind global high-quality customers, and companies work jointly with ski to develop and rapidly grow into global leaders in the soft-pack market.
At the same time, in collaboration with the ski, apply for low-interest loans and introduce advanced technology, equipment, and talent to its subsidiaries in order to achieve a fast layout of soft-packed batteries. At the end of 2020, the ski will transfer to a billion-latitude energy claims, holding 49% of the billion-latitude energy reserves and remaining 51% of the remaining 51% of the Lithium-billion-latitude asset liability structure.
A total of 13.48gwh and Daimler supply orders were received for a total of 10 years, from 2019 to 2024 in modern KIA, and performance showed a rapid expansion in the scale of the creation of the billion-latitude collection capacity, with a net interest rate of 11.3 per cent for the year 2020 of 2,377 million yuan and a net profit of 270 million yuan, respectively.
High-quality client orders guarantee high-capacity capacity for companies, and continue to work with ski to accelerate capacity-building. Currently, 100 million latitudes have 10 gwh power cell capacity, corresponding to Daimler (3gwh), Modern Chia (6gwh) and Pelican (1gwh), and are expected to maintain a high capacity utilization rate for downstream customers, with delivery expected to exceed 8gwh throughout the year.
30% Replenishmentsk New Energy (Gangsu) with 27gwh power cell capacity. Kiski plans to generate 85gwh and 100gwh capacity by 2023 and 2025, respectively, where joint ventures (i.e. its salt town base) will serve as an important production base in China, accounting for more than 30% of its planned global capacity in 2023, meeting its Asian and global market needs.
2.1 Daimler accelerates the electric process with a 30% compound increase in sales. Daimler plans to achieve carbon neutrality in global production by 2022, with a penetration rate of more than 50% for new energy vehicles xev (plugged/pure electricity) by 2030 and full carbon neutrality by 2039.
By 2030, five, 10 and 20 pure electric vehicles and 20, 25 and 25 mixed vehicles would be listed, and by 2030, the target of pure electricity and plug-in vehicles would be more than 50 per cent of their sales structure. 160,000 new energy vehicles would be sold globally in Daimler in 2020, more than double the corresponding rate of penetration of new energy vehicles.
From around 2 per cent to 7.4 per cent of the 160,000 vehicles sold, the number of bevs was 49,000, of which the number of eqcs was about 20,000 and the number of phev was 111,000.The combined rate of sales of Daimler's traditional vehicles increased by 5.6 per cent in the year, and the penetration rate of new energy vehicles rose from 7.4 per cent in 2020 to 2025.
22%, corresponding to 624,000 new energy vehicles sold in 2025, with a 31% compound increase. With eqa, eqb, etc., the bev penetration rate is expected to rise to 45% in 2025, corresponding to 281,000, phev 343,000, and the power cell demand from Daimler to 2025 is 28.7gwhh, with a compound increase of 28.0%.
Daimler's new energy vehicle sales are expected to reach 620,000 vehicles, with a 31% compound increase. In this context, given that the bev model has a single-car capacity of more than 60 kwh, and the smarteq and phev pattern, with a single-car capacity of around 20-30 kwh, on average, we expect Daimler's power cell requirements from 2025.
28.7gwh, with a compound rate of 28.0%. By the end of 2020, the Modern Motors Group launched its electric global modular platform, e-gmp. In 2021, Modern and Chia Divisions, do not publish the first-car models, loniq5 and ev6, based on e-gmp platforms.
By 2025, 23 pure electric vehicles had been introduced, including 12 modern cars and 11 Kia vehicles, while more than 1 million pure electric vehicles were planned for sale throughout the year 2025. According to the Korean Automotive Manufacturers Association, 198,000 new energy vehicles were sold by the Modern Motors Group in 2020.
The number of vehicles increased by 59.9 per cent in the same year, while according to the company’s network, its star-car modern Kona sold 57,000, Chianiro sold 35,000 and sooul sold 0.9 million. The total number of vehicles was about 100,000.
▪ Contemporary Kona Qianiro Qianiro Quiaso soul Quest 3. Increased pressure on fuel cumulations, disruptions in hybrid technologies 3.1 fuel consumption calls for further tightening and increased pressure on fuel consumption cumulations
Domestic fuel consumption requires an upscaling, and the pressure for negative fuel absorption increases. Between 2016 and 2020, as the average fuel consumption rises, the pressure on domestic firms to test fuel consumption has increased, and since 2017 the fuel consumption has been declining, reaching 7.45 million in 2020.
Fuel consumption requires a further upswing, forcing car electricization to accelerate. In the new version of Fuel Consumption Assessment Methods and Indicators for Fuel by Car, implemented since 2021, the target value of fuel consumption for different preparation quality has been reduced by about 10 per cent, while at the same time reducing the average fuel consumption to target ratio from 123 per cent in 2021 to 100 per cent in 2025 is still required year by year.
3.2 Electrodynamicization is a necessary route for achieving fuel consumption, with 48v being the highest value-for-money technology route The current car electrodynamic route is divided into five main categories. It consists of 12v light mixing (microhybrid), 48v medium mixing (midhybrid), general mixing (fullhybrid), plugging (plug-inhybrid) and pure electric power (bev).
The 48v system is the most economical energy-saving route. From the point of view of both the efficiency/reduction effect and the cost of installation, the 48V system has increased its cost by about $4,000-$60 million, achieving a level of about 15-20% of the fuel-saving rate, which is significantly better than the corresponding 5% fuel-saving rate of about $2,000 for the 12-v system and the 10,000-degree price for the high-pressure mix.
The 12v system often uses lead battery configurations to satisfy the power function of smart decomposition and partial electronic devices; the 48v system adds a new 48v device to the 12v system, while the smart decomposition functions are still performed by the original 12v system; while the electrical power, braking energy recovery functions, etc., are supported by higher power, powered by 48v lithium batteries, with an increase in dc/dc and brm
Parts and components, such as electric machines. Automobile safety standards require 60v as the maximum security voltage below this level. Parts and components, such as wire beams, connectors, etc., may be exempt from additional voltage protection and are less resistant to semiconductor components, thus making the 3.348v system more efficient than general and commingled.
The road map for domestic energy efficiency and new energy vehicle technology, which sets out the three points of 2025, 2030 and 2035, will have to be 50 per cent, 75 per cent and more than 100 per cent, respectively, of conventional energy vehicles, compared with 1.2 per cent in 2020, and there is still much room for improvement.
In comparison with Japan and the European Union, the penetration rates of the mixed system were 35 per cent and 12.1 per cent, respectively, in 2020, of which 11 per cent and 5.4 per cent were mixed system penetration, while the country still has a significant gap. 243 and 6.89 million systems were expected to be installed in 2025 and 2030, respectively, with the penetration rate rising to 6.89 million.
The cost of dollars/sets and batteries is estimated at 35%, with market sizes of $4.3 billion and $12.1 billion, respectively. The overseas penetration rates of 48v are expected to reach 20% and 40%, respectively, in 2030, with domestic loading being considered, and global loads projected to reach 121.4 and 27.31 million units and market sizes of $21.2 and 47.8 billion respectively.
In July of July of that year, BMW was established, and in October of 2020, BMW 48v was further received; in addition, the company received Jaguar Mhev in early 2021, which has the advantage of opening up large offshore clients.
A step-by-step targeting of the East Wind Willows phev project, with the extension of large offshore customers to domestic customers, with the transition from the 48v system to the supply of phev.iv. Increased demand for lithium phosphate, and company supply and demand to safeguard dominance at both ends of the supply and demand side
4.1 The accelerated production pattern guarantees its position of superiority. The company’s overall capacity is expected to reach 17 gwh by 2021.
By the end of 2020, the company had developed 6gwhith capacity. In the second half of the second half of 2021, the gate base will have added 11 gwh capacity, with the company’s overall capacity expected to reach 17 gwh. Moreover, in the context of the return tide of lithium by car, the company announced in 2021 that it would build two phases of the company’s rectangular lithium battery by car, which will be built in two stages at the company’s billion latitudes in Huezhou.
In addition, the company plans to transfer production capacity associated with the three-dimensional column of the billion-latitude power drive to power generation, further streamline the industrial layout of the company and integrate corporate resources. In terms of performance, the billion-latitude power force was more affected by the epidemic in 2020, with annual harvests and net profits of 25.8 and 25.8 and 25.8, respectively.
At $290 million, with a net interest rate of 11 per cent, performance is expected to continue to rise in 2021 in the same year when business is back on track and industry is well in demand. The company is a first-line supplier, the phosphate lithium blast vehicle model, which supports the increased penetration of the phosphate lithium power cell.
So, from 2020 to 2021, a wave of new energy vehicles carrying lithium phosphate batteries emerged, including Mitsubishi macromini, Teslamodel3 and Biadehan. From the perspective of the city later, pelicans, upper steam, the Great Wall, etc. will also be introduced into the phosphate model, further supporting the increased penetration of lithium phosphate batteries.
In recent years, the penetration rate of the phosphate lithium battery has recovered, with a 44% drop in sales of 2021q1. In early years, we had a high subsidy for the new car, which was divided by the energy density index, and the relative disadvantage of the phosphate lithium on the energy density index compared to the trinity index, which resulted in no significant increase in the demand for the phosphate lithium battery, especially in the passenger car market; in recent years, it has been replaced with a replacement.
In 2020, our phosphate lithium power cell delivered 34.1gwhh, representing 42% of total power cell output, and 2021q1 delivered 16gwhh, further up to 44%.
For power and storage batteries, lithium phosphate is expected to reach a golden-growth period. For power cells and storage batteries, and for increased permeability of lithium phosphate, we expect global shipments of lithium phosphate batteries by 2025 and 2030, not 337 and 840gwh, 186 and 452gwh.
We have a higher concentration in the market for lithium phosphate power cells, with a combined market of about 90 per cent for the Top4 company Ningde era, Biadi, Kutaka and 100 million latitude lithium energy, and a more stable market pattern, with the fourth largest of them, with a city share of 5 per cent and 4.3 companies expanding the application of lithium phosphate through multiple channels.
On the basis of the accelerated development of the market for lithium phosphate batteries, the company synchronized the application of lithium phosphate batteries in the field of storage, etc. In 2020, the company won the Chinese bid for the collection of lithium phosphate batteries for mobile communications, at a bid price of 1.373 billion, with a winning share of 13.04%; in 2021, the company obtained the ul9540a test report for the lf280k energy core product, which became public.
In addition, the company, in partnership with the energy industry of the forest and ocean, has set up a joint venture division to build a 10-gwhh storage battery project with 65% of the stock. In addition, the company already has five lithium phosphate batteries with a Chinese-class social-type accreditation certificate that can fully meet the demand for electricization of large and small ships and open the market for electric vessels.
4.4 The company binds Defonami to ensure sufficient supply of raw materials. The rapid upturn in the 2020q4 lithium landscape has led to a rapid increase in production capacity and product prices. Since 2020q3, the demand for lithium phosphate batteries has been raised in the company ' s Lithium Explosion Model.
With few new capacity in the industry, the 2020q4 industry has moved up rapidly and continues to this day, and the price of phosphorus, the iron-acid lithium orthodoxy material has risen rapidly from $3.25 million per ton at the 2020q3 low point to the current level of $51,000 per ton. In the context of rising raw materials prices, the company intends to hold 40 per cent of the shares and build 100,000 in a joint venture with the phosphate phosphorus-difonami.
In principle, it is cost-effective to measure 100,000 tons of capacity against about 40 gwh of batteries, which would better guarantee the company's right demand for lithium. Fifthly, accelerated import substitution of electric tool batteries would be more profitable.
5.1 The need for lithium batteries is driven by an increase in the penetration rate of unwieldy tools Electric tools are those powered with small power motors, with handshakes. In 2020, 490 million electric power plants were delivered worldwide, an increase of 5.3 per cent over the same period, and a combined increase of 5.6 per cent between 2011 and 2020.
It can be divided into wireless and non-lined electric power tools, charge-free or non-wire-free, with a trend towards portability as the tool is small, with a continuous increase in the penetration rate of unlined electric tools, from 30 per cent in 2011 to 60 per cent in 2020, with nickel-cadmium batteries being used primarily before the non-lined tool. In January 2017, the new EU regulation completely banned unlined electric tools.
The ratio of lithium ion batteries to nickel, cadmium batteries, and lithium batteries has accelerated and is now close to 90%. Sales of beneficial power tools have continued to grow and the penetration rate of unlined power tools has increased, with 2 billion lithium batteries being used for global power tools in 2020, a 20% increase compared to the previous year, with a combined rate of 26% growth for 2011-2020.
5.2 High concentration in the electric tool industry, accelerated import substitution by domestic electric tool battery suppliers
In 2018-2019, the domestic lithium battery supplier started the market for powered electric power tools. This is mainly due to the market for new cars in the country.
At the same time, power cell receivables are more at risk, competition is increasing, and technology routes are turning to squares and packages, and some cylinder suppliers are adjusting the target market: at the same time, the application of electric tools is more focused on the fast-loading function of batteries, with strict requirements for battery multipliers, stability, temperature rise, etc.. In recent years, domestic dragonheads have broken through the relevant technical barriers and have developed 20a.
On the one hand, in the aftermath of an overseas epidemic, the country’s lithium plant maintains a high rate of start-up and accelerates import substitution; three-star sdi, lig chemistry, etc., devotes limited funds and energy to overseas rivals.
At present, the country’s lithium taps have opened up front-line customers of electric tools. Domestic cylinders such as the billion latitudes and the skypellows have opened up and stabilized their first-line customers in such industries as tti, Stanley Bed, Bo.
Inner power-tool batteries delivered 5.6gwh, an increase of 64.7%, corresponding to 0.72gwh for 100 million cells in 2ah, 3.6v alone, and 780 million in 2020, and about 2 billion globally. Using the average price of a capricone power source in 2020, it is $4.8 billion and $12.2 billion for both domestic and global markets.
At the end of the supply chain, the country’s multi-billion-latitude lithium energy and a small-scale pelican power source are industry leaders, with more than 400 million cylinder battery capacity and continued expansion of production capacity. The billion-latitude lithium capacity will be subject to a fund-raising change project and a four-area project with a forward capacity of about 15 gwh; and the long-term production of 1.9 billion.
A smoother transfer of cost pressures; and a higher bargaining power for battery companies in the context of the global power-tool battery supply constraint. 77% and 95% of net profits. A net gain of 170 million won in the single quarter of 2021q1 days, representing 61% of net profits in 2020, is accompanied by a small increase in the Maori ring.
In terms of profitability, the Māori rate has remained at 23% and net interest rates at around 15% since 2018, when compared to the Tianpan power supply. At the same time, in 2020h2, the domestic epidemic has increased the demand for electric tools to add to the epidemic, with Māori and net interest rates rising to 27% and 23% respectively (20H1, mainly affected by the epidemic), respectively.
The current main business, which is a global leader in providing solutions to fogification technology, sells both closed electronic smoke devices and electronic fog components to corporate customers and sells their own branded open electronic smoke products to retail customers.
In recent years, the company’s share in the global market for electronic fog equipment has continued to rise, reaching 18.9 per cent in 2020.
In 2016, the company developed the first generation of thermal ceramic heating technologies to replace traditional cotton core heaters; in the second half of 2016, the company further introduced the second generation of heating technologies, Feelm, which combines metal film with ceramic conductors, further consolidates its technical advantages and begins to work with global champions such as American and American tobacco, pleasure carving, etc.
In recent years, the company's revenues have increased rapidly to $1079 million in 2020, an increase of 32.4 per cent compared to the 32.4 per cent. Sustained R & D inputs guarantee the company's competitiveness and high barriers to the performance of ceramic core products.
Upgraded from 2.1 per cent in 2016 to 4.2 per cent in 2020, companies continue to conduct in-depth research on product safety, user experience, product certification-related research and testing, automation equipment development, fogging mechanisms, etc. The company has a professional team focusing on improving product safety and foggization, and the research and development platform is based on three independent departments.
Research and development platforms need not only to study the principles of fogification, electronic fogging processes, etc., but also to take into account product design, product function and product manufacturing, and to plan products throughout their life cycle.
The Division further introduced a second-generation heating technology, which combines metal membrane with a ceramic conductor, using a ceramic cellular structure that integrates structural, hydrodynamic, aerodynamic, etc. The oil spill rate has also been reduced from 5% of the cotton core to 0.1% of the fog core, breaking the long-standing pain for consumers.
Global high-quality customers, balanced distribution markets and relatively limited impact on the single market. Benefit companies have long-standing technology, techno-drawn and leading ceramic core fog technology, and companies have developed leading global tobacco companies, including American and American tobacco, Japanese tobacco and relx, and njoy, and independent electronic fog companies. In terms of sales markets, in 2020, companies were operating in mainland China.
The United States, the Japanese market and the Hong Kong market, China, which sells mainly to the United States of America, together account for 53.9 per cent of the total, other markets, including Europe, account for 19 per cent, and the global market is better balanced.
In 2019, there were more than 1,200 manufacturers of electronic fog equipment, with the top five firms accounting for 30.5 per cent in return, the top ten firms accounting for less than 50 per cent, and most manufacturers of electronic mist equipment as small and medium-sized enterprises.
The industry will move in a more regulated direction, and the market will further concentrate on leading businesses. The United States has strong regulation of e-smoking, and in July 2017 the Food and Drug Administration (fda) introduced pre-market applications (pmta) for the electronic nicotine transmission system (ends), i.e., those sold from 2007-2016 and 2016.
The new electronic nicotine transmission system will then be required to file for pmta. The pmta audit criteria will be strict, and they will be aligned to the drug standards, requiring that the process of production of electronic smoke equipment, oil and smoke bombs meet the relevant standards of the pharmaceutical industry, while the hazardous substance content must be lower than traditional tobacco, and will also need to be carried out by a third-party agency.
A large number of cellular experiments and clinical monitoring, such as the submission of pmta by the Ortria Group for products under the flag, which submitted more than 66,000 pages of documentation; the collection of more than 100,000 pages of evidence by e-alternativosions (eas) when applying for pmta; and the formation of a professional pmta team in the United States, in cooperation with four global authorities, which is planned to take about two years.
It costs more than $200 million to apply for a pmta certification. From the global mainstream business application, it can be seen that the pmta application is one of the first companies to submit and receive pmta in the country.
In March 2021, the Ministry of Labour and Communications requested an opinion on the amendment of the Regulations of the People’s Republic of China on the Implementation of the Tobacco Specialty Law, with the addition of “electronic smoke” as a key element.
We believe that the future direction of the policy will be to: (a) the impact of tobacco control legislation on electronic smoke shops in the mall, which will need to be similar to the roadside location of traditional tobacco shops, and to regulate the opening of shops in the form of licensing (e.g. the requirement for the spacing of two shops, etc.); and (b) the sale of e-smoking.
Taxes; 3. Introduction of entry requirements or industry standards and national standards in industrial chains and upstreams. In our view, the location of the relevant policy will have some impact on the domestic e-smoking market, but the policy is intended to effectively regulate e-smoking operations, address the quality safety risks, false advertising, etc. of electronic smoke and safeguard consumers
The future policy will be based on greater certainty and clarity of long-term development objectives for leading enterprises; and a sharp regulation of the domestic market for e-smoking, which will lead to a greater concentration of market patterns. With policy guidance and broad demand, the size of the market for e-smoke equipment is expected to be sustained over the next five years.
The annual compound growth rate of 33% was $28.7 billion by 2025. Of this, the most rapid and largest segmented market for closed electronic fog equipment is expected to grow to $21 billion at 41% by 2025, with 73% in the market for whole electronic fog equipment.
The company benefits from short-term emissions of three-dollar packages, lithium and cylindrical lithium batteries. In 2020, the epidemic had some impact on the capacity utilization of the company ' s lithium and cylindrical capacity, and in 2021 the company will maintain a high start-up rate, while continuously increasing the production profile of the cylinders and lithium batteries, planning to double production capacity by 2022.
Dejia and Ping supply systems and bulk delivery, while company participation in the salt town factory in Steamsk will be phased in from this year onwards, benefiting in the medium to long term from the triple square, power supply system, and large-cylinder output. The company has developed the market for phev and 48v system products with the help of the tridimensional product, and now owns such countries as the Chinese BMW, BMW Global, Jaguar Lugger, and the East Windy Willows.
At the same time, companies are actively promoting the exchange and certification of large-scale cylinder products with large global clients, and are expected to move toward firm-level targets in the future, supporting sustained growth in corporate performance. The Smoor advantage of the electronic smoke market is clear, and it is expected that the beneficiary industries will be regulated, generating a steady return on investment.
Ceramic fog core technology leads, has opened up high-quality domestic and international customers such as British American tobacco, Japanese tobacco, and relx, and in recent years has largely doubled over the years, with net profits expected to rise by about $3 billion in the first half of 2021, more than one-fold over the same period. Meanwhile, in the context of intensified regulation of e-smoking in the United States and within the country, Seymour is expected to benefit from the industry as a leader.
On the basis of the above-mentioned profit projections, we have chosen the national Lithium Battery Dragon Age, Ningde High School, Moose Science and Technology, Hin Wanda, and Smoll International, as comparable companies, with an average market gain of 81.0 x in 2021-2023.
The new coronary epidemic, among others, has led to the global market of new energy vehicles with less than expected risks; the price volatility of raw materials; the expansion of new customers with less than expected risks; the expansion of new production capacity with less than expected risks; the risk of changes in technology routes; and the high degree of rigour of regulatory policies on e-smoking, which are not, and are not, relevant and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.