The high spot ratio highlights the value of the configuration.
Billions of tonnes/year, of which 121 million tonnes/year are produced by in-country mines and 109 million tonnes/year are produced by offshore mines. Over the last three years, companies have expanded their production capacity by extending their M & A and, with the construction of the Man Foo mine (1.8 million tonnes/year) and the Bay Five Coal mine (10 million tonnes/year) in 2024-2025, we expect to add a total of more.
11.8 million tons of authorized capacity, at which time the company would have an approved capacity of 242 million tons per year and a equity capacity of 148 million tons per year.
Moreover, by late 2022, after the company had been removed from the market, Shandong Energy still had a coal resource reserve of 17,750 million tons, mining reserves of 5.686 billion tons, approved capacity of 92.8 million tons, group coal assets are expected to gradually be injected into the market, and the future capacity of the company could expand.
The company will show a high profit margin during the coal price hike. Assuming that the average annual price of the company's sales in 2024 is the same as in 2023, there will be no significant change in the ton cost of coal.
The company's combined sales prices are measured annually, and we expect the net profits from coal plates in the company to be about $13.1 billion in 24 years, and the total profits from coal plates are about $19.8 billion. ▪ The international oil prices continue to rise, and the coal industry's profits are expected to rise.
As of 5 April 24, Brent received $93.52 per barrel, an increase of 7.59% over the 23-year average price of $86.92 per barrel. The rise in oil prices supported the cost of coal-chemical products, which affected the company’s coal-chemical panel.
As the largest coal producer in the East China region, we expect that the net return to the company in 24-26 years will be nine, eight, eight times the net profit.
The share price calculates a dividends rate of 6.92 per cent; the company operates steadily, with both growth and high dividends, so we do not expect to have a global market based on East Wu Securities Soochowsecuities 1.
Coal taps from the eastern part of the territory of China are listed in many parts of the country. Xiaomei Energy Group Inc. was launched in 1997 by the Shandong Energy Group (formerly the Tanaka Energy Group) in Hong Kong and New York in 1998 (later retired in 2017).
Shanghai is listed on three sides of the market. In 2004, a holding subsidiary, Luang Coal Australia, was established and listed in Australia in 2012, mining energy became China ' s first coal company with a four-place platform. The company is based in Shandong, with its mineral resources distributed among Shandong, Shanxi, Inner Mongolia, Xinjiang and Australia, and is the largest coal producer and producer in the East China region.
The controlling shareholders were consolidated and the equity structure was clear and simple. In 2020, the Sino Mine Group and the former Shandong Energy Group were merged into the Shandong Energy Group, and the merger was completed with the assets, liabilities, operations, etc.
As of the end of January 2024, Shandong Energy held 45.52% of the company’s shareholdings, and the company actually controlled the Shandong People’s Corporation, with coal and coalification as its main industry and a small part of the electricity business.
The company is the largest coal producer in China’s powered coal pipeline. Over the years, the company has been actively integrating coal resources, both within and outside the country, and its coal owners have formed four main bases in Shandong, Shinjong, Xinjiang, and Australia.
In the coal industry, the company's coal industry is mainly located in Shandong and the Qingmong region; the product owners include methanol, ethanol, acetic acid, acetic esters, rough liquid waxes, etc.
Many complete coal-chemical industrial chains, such as coal liquefied, with the largest single-body coal liquefied device in the country, are the only enterprises in the country that possess low-temperature pyrotechnics and high-temperature pyrotechnics at the same time. With the increase in coal-chemical sector income, the share of coal in the sector fell below 85%, and the share of coal in the coal industry rose.
Since 2013, the company has maintained a high Māori rate of over 40 per cent of its own coal operations. Since 2016, the price of coal resulting from supply-side reforms has risen significantly, except in 2020, when it produced coal itself for the rest of the year.
The Māori rate was above 50 per cent, and in the last two years, the price of coal had moved upwards and the rate of self-produced coal had risen, with 22 years of self-produced coal having reached 70 per cent, 23 years of self-produced coal having 56 per cent and maintaining a record high, owing to the high level of corporate activity and the relatively low level of self-produced coal harvests of not more than 50 per cent, and trade rates such as coal were higher.
Since then, the overall Māori ratio of the Department has increased significantly, with a sharp increase in coal prices, an increase in the ratio of revenue and profits from coal operations, and an overall Māori ratio of 41 per cent for companies in 2023.
2. Focus on core industries, building coal production poles 2.1. Outward M & A plus endogenous growth, reversible expansion of gene growth, coal-based focus on core coal industries, and domestic and foreign M & As expansion.
It was launched in 1998 to host four high-quality mines, from coal to coal, in Hingjung Estate, Nantun, Bao Shop, and East Beach Coal, with a combined capacity of 22.2 million tons. After the market, the company acquired 9.9 million tons of coal from the consortium, bringing together 9.9 million tons of coal from the Jinning II and Jinning III mines. In 2004, the company successfully acquired coal mines in Southern Land, Australia, and established the Coal Australia.
In 2006, the company acquired 98% of Shanxi energy from the group and successfully expanded the coal industry. In 2020, the company’s controlling shareholders, the Quantino Minerals Group and the Shandong Energy Group were successfully merged into the Shandong Energy Group, while the company successfully acquired quality coal-related wages from the group, such as the Lunan Chemical Industries, Future Energy, etc.
To date, the company's main business has been coal, with mines located in Shandong (the Ministry), and in Shandong (the Ministry of the Interior).
In Shanxi, Inner Mongolia, and Xinjiang, the main operators include the company’s headquarters, Jaeze Energy, Rusi Mines, Shanxi Energy, Ordos, Wu Shein Coal, and Xinjiang. The company’s offshore mines are located mainly in Australia, and the operators include Luang Coal International.
In terms of the volume of resources and reserves, as of 2023, the total amount of resources available in the company ' s territory (including the Rusi mining and Xinjiang capacity), the total amount of resources available in the mining areas under Chinese national standards is 46.807 billion tons, and the amount available under the jorc regulation is 6,158 million tons.
The amount of resources available under Chinese national standards is 46,807 million tons, with a capacity of 4,588 million tons. Of this amount, 552 million tons, or 9 per cent, could be extracted from the Shan Dong Base (mainly the company’s headquarters, the Jai Zeg energy industry, and the Luzi mining industry); and the Jinmong Base (mainly Shanxi energy, Ordos energy, Inner Mongolia mining, Wu Sein coal, future energy sources) could be used.
The extraction capacity was 2,688 million tons, or 44 per cent; the Australasia base (mainly coal Australia, Coal International) had production capacity of 230 million tons per year, and the company could produce interest capacity of 142 million tons per year at the end of December 2023; and, internally and externally, mines in the country had production capacity of 121 million tons per year and interest capacity of 86.62 million tons per year.
Tons/year; offshore mines with an authorized capacity of 109 million tons/year, with an authorized capacity of 55,83 million tonnes/year. Companies have been expanding their capacity over the last three years by buying and buying more and growing inwards, and are expected to expand continuously. Offshore capacity: in 2020, companies acquired 10 per cent of their share in Australia's Moraben coal mine, and the share ratio rose to 5.58 million tonnes/year.
Inland capacity: 2 million tons of capacity increased in 2022 from the gold-kidnoke coal mine; in the same year, the coal mine entered a joint venture with a projected increase of 2 million tons in 2024; and in the fourth quarter of 2024, the Manfu mine is scheduled to be newly established, with an estimated new production capacity of 10 million tons and an equity capacity of 3.88 million tons. In addition, the mine has a design capacity of 20 million tons, currently approved.
Only 10 million tonnes are expected to continue to increase after delivery. A total of 11.8 million tonnes of approved capacity will be added, and 5.47 million tonnes of equity capacity will be added, at which time the company’s approved capacity for mining wells will be 242 million tonnes/year and 148 million tonnes/year.
In 2023, the company ' s coal production grew by 32.58 million tons, up by 33 per cent, as a result of the decline in production by the Australian subsidiary, which resulted in a 5 per cent reduction in the company ' s overall output. In 2023, as a result of the combination of the Luzi and Xinjiang industries, the company ' s coal production grew by 32.8 million tons.
By 29 per cent; 28 per cent, 28 per cent and 15 per cent, respectively, of Shandong, Shinjong and Xinjiang; by 2023, only 76 per cent of the company ' s capacity was utilized as a result of the natural depletion of coal resources in Shandong and the ability of its subsidiaries to climb.
The company’s mining capacity, such as Shandong Headquarters, Jaizawa Energy, and Luzi Mines, is lower in 2023, at around 60-70%. Inner Mongolia’s mining and Wu Sein coal industries are affected by new mineral climbs, and the company’s coal production is currently below capacity.
2.2. Relying on the Shandong Energy Group, there will be great space for future industrial policy support, and there will be a marked trend towards integration of the coal industry. The 14th Five-Year Plan for Coal Industrial Development proposes to promote the restructuring of coal organizations, build large coal consortia and increase industrial concentration.
In the context of industrial policy support, there has been a marked increase in the integration of the coal sector. The group combines Shandong energy with a significant increase in primary coal production.
The combined effort was reorganized into the Shandong Energy Group, with the restructured Shandong Energy Group with a total assets of over 680 billion yuan in 2020, while coal production rose significantly from 166 million tons to 291 million tons, the third largest in the country, with a market share of about 7.58%.
From 43.47 per cent to 48.38 per cent, industrial concentration has helped control the coal supply order, improve the coal supply grid, and facilitate the development of the flagship enterprises led by the Shandong Energy Group, which, by the end of 2022, had a coal resource reserve of 90.872 billion tons and a mining reserve of 18.855 billion tons.
Tons, or approximately 55.78 years of remaining mine harvest, or an authorized capacity of 323.7 million tons/year. After the elimination of publicly listed companies, Shandong Energy still has a coal resource reserve of 17.750 billion tons, a mining reserve of 5.686 billion tons, and an approved capacity.
As the third largest coal company in the country, corporate resource advantages are highlighted. The unlisted coal resources of the group are expected to be injected.
For historical reasons, there are different levels of competition between Shandong Energy Group and Xiaomei Energy in mining, chemical, high-end equipment manufacturing, etc. Shandong Energy Group will address competition with industry in accordance with an open commitment. So it is expected that unlisted coal assets under the restructured Shandong Energy Group will continue to be injected into Xiaomei Energy.
3. High market pricing ratios, fully benefiting from performance elasticities resulting from price increases 3.1. Domestic price-limiting policies have had little impact, and high performance elasticities have highlighted their low impact, low convergence rates and high performance elasticities.
On April 30, 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a bulletin on the identification of price hikes by operators in the area of coal and coal, setting out the criteria for price hikes by national power.
The policy covers only domestic power coal, while company refined coal and overseas coal sales are relatively high and less affected by price-limiting policies. In addition, in 2023, the president of the company agreed to sell coal as a share of only about 26 per cent, while the spot share is 74 per cent, benefiting from which companies will show high profit elasticity in moving up the price of coal.
Figure 9: Corporate Coal Marketing Structure (as of 2023) Figure 10: Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Co. Coal Co. Coal Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Coal Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co.
The company’s coal performance has declined the same year since 2023, as a result of the fall in the global energy climate. Company figure 13: Corporate coal sales revenue and growth (billion yuan, %)
Figure 14: Gross profits and growth in corporate coal sales (Billions of Dollars, %) 3.2. Coal Māori is the leading industry, with high coal prices increasing the company's performance
The main suppliers of soft coal have also always ranked coal in the first place, with internal implementation of the “Thirty” project, which manages “zero defects” and “zero waste” products, and “zero complaints” from users. While the cost of coal has risen significantly since 2021, it has benefited from the company’s “mechanical coal strategy” and from the large increase in coal prices abroad, as well as from the large increase in the average price of the company’s sales.
The company ' s self-produced coal Māori ratio increased from 48 per cent in 20 years to 70 per cent in 22 years, and the gap with high Māori companies such as Mountain Coal International has narrowed, and the company ' s level of self-produced coal Māori is now in the forefront of the industry.
The complex international situation is driving international coal prices up. Since 2021, projected global inflation has driven Australia’s power coal prices at an average of US$ 140 and US$ 343 per ton per year for Newcastlenewc power coal, compared to US$ 59 per year in 2020.
By March 22, 2024, Newcastlenewc had received $131 per ton of power coal spot prices, which remained at 55% split since 2019, maintaining a high shock. The real contribution interest sales in coal Australia in 2023 amounted to approximately 33.1 million tons, with an average annual price of approximately $1063.73.
Since 2016, capital spending on the international coal industry has been insufficient, while global demand for coal consumption has remained relatively stable, underpinning current international coal prices. Thus, it is assumed that sales throughout 2024 are expected to contribute to the mother’s net profit of $5.921 billion.
Table 9: Intra-coal profits ($/ton, $A/ton, $A/ton, $ million) The domestic coal price hub, although falling since 2023, is still historically high. Benefiting from high domestic coal prices, we assume an average of $950 per ton per year for 5,500 kilocalories of power coal in the port of Qin Island in 2024, based on an average of $950 per ton per year.
In 2023, the company ' s combined coal sales price and ton coal cost were measured, which measured a net profit of approximately $13.1 billion from the company ' s 2024 coal plate and about $19.8 billion from the coal plate as a whole. 4. Industrial chain extension, coal industry focussing on high-end transformations
4.1. The global macroeconomic boom and the climate of the coal industry have been rising since July 2023. Since 2022, global macroeconomic growth has slowed, and US chemical pppi has slowed, against the backdrop of the outbreak of the Russian-Turkish war, rising global inflation levels and the persistence of the new crown epidemic.
China ' s chemical pppi has fallen since its height, and the ring has been growing at a negative rate since the fourth quarter of 22 years, and the industry has been showing a marked decline. In June of 23 years, major countries, such as China and the United States, experienced an improvement in their economic growth rate, with an increase in the same rate, superimposition of the occ+ decline, figure 19: gdp in the world ' s major economies the same rate in the current season (%).
Figure 20: US Chemical Pppi year-on-year ratio (%) 4.2. Coalification assets are injected, company capacity continues to expand. Coalification assets are injected, and the industry chain is extended. Until 2020, corporate coalification products were predominantly methanol-based.
In September 2020, after the company announced the acquisition of the future energy chemical industry in the form of cash, it added products such as acetic acid, acetic ethyl acid, polymethyldehyde, fito waxes, synthetic ammonia, and the coal industry expanded considerably to diversify. In April 2023, the company announced the acquisition of 51% of the Xinjiang territory in the form of cash.
Shareholdings, production of products such as methanol, synthetic ammonia, urea, etc. 1 million tonnes/year Acetic acid, 400,000 tonnes/year ethanol, 380,000 tonnes/year ethyl acetic acid, 300,000 tonnes/year hydrazine, 80,000 tonnes/year polymetaldehyde, and 100,000 tonnes/year Fito wax authorized (equity)
70 000 tonnes/year), 1 million tonnes/year for oil and chemical products (740,000 tonnes/year for equity), 1.11 million tonnes/year for urea (0.86 million tonnes/year for equity), 100,000 tonnes/year for dmmn, 540,000 tonnes/year for synthetic ammonia (390,000 tonnes/year for equity), 100,000 tonnes/year for acetic anhydride and 150,000 tonnes/year for butol.
On 1 December 2021, the company’s board of directors adopted the Corporate Development Strategy Framework, which establishes the future direction of the industry: green and low at the high end.
Carbon development, extending the existing chemical industry chain, and building a base for the production of new chemical materials. The aim is to produce more than 20 million tons of chemicals per year in 5-10 years, of which more than 70% are new chemical materials and high-end chemicals. Based on this strategy, the company has been developing new chemical materials projects in recent years to promote high-end, fine-tuning, low-carbon production of coal-chemicals.
Molybdenum energy: 500,000 tonnes/year dmmn production plant phase (100,000 tonnes/year) was put into production in late November 2022, and subsequent work is still under way. Polymethylether (dmmn) is an ideal diesel mode.
And agents and new environmentally friendly solvents, which are the largest single set of coals in the country, methanol-based polymethylenedioxyethether, are important for changing the current situation in the country with high dependence on crude oil imports and high atmospheric pollution.
The company plans to build a new 800,000 tonnes/year methanol-based hydrocarbon device, 400,000 tonnes/year high-density polyethylene device, 400,000 tonnes/year polypropene device, 15,000 tonnes/year 1-butylene device, 50,000 tonnes/year scu device.
High-value processing uses help to increase the clean and efficient use of coal. Lunan Chemical: The 60,000-tonne/year polyacrylate project was approved in March 2023, and when completed, it will reach 140,000-tonne/year. On 28 January 2024, the domestic anhydride industry chain was accompanied by a carbon-saving and reduction integration project.
The construction of the key equipment, the 3000-ton omb powder-pressure gas furnace, will open new avenues for the development of gasification technology in China. Xinjiang energy: the 60,000-year melamine project, which started in July 2022, is under construction.
22 months, under the Extended Industrial Chain project, which produces all the raw materials for self-supply, balancing electricity, steam, recycling water, desalination water and other complementary public works and ancillary works with existing public works. In addition, the Xinjiang project, which allows its subsidiary, Xinjiang Mountain Chemical Unit, was awarded 800,000 tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbons on 17 January 2024.
Batch, the project proposes to add 438.6 million tonnes/year polyethylene and 43.22 million tonnes/year polypropylene production capacity. 4.3. International oil prices continue to rise, and the profits of the coal industry are expected to return to the bottom. Coalification plate Māori rates are highly correlated with oil prices and cyclically fluctuate with oil prices.
Using home-grown coal, the cost end is fixed, but the price of the product is highly influenced by oil prices, leading to a sharper volatility of the Māori rate with oil prices. In 2019-2020, the price of crude oil, in the context of declining crude oil prices, continued to fall, and corporate coalified industrial plates, were among the factors that led to a boom in crude oil prices and a sharp rise in the Māori rate of corporate coalified workers.
In 2024, under the influence of OEC+ and the Russian cutbacks, the global crude oil supply was tight, and the crude oil price was raised all the way up and stabilized at $80 per barrel. As of 5 April 24, Brent's crude oil spot was receiving $93.52.
The increase in oil prices is a cost-support factor for coal-chemical products, and the company’s coal-chemical block profits are expected to rise back to the bottom. The current price of coal-chemical products is assumed to be the average annual price of the company’s coal-chemical products, such as methanol, acetic acid, etc.
Market prices for coal-chemical products, as a neutral assumption of the average price of the company ' s coal-chemical products in 2024, are expected to shrink from 1.3 billion yuan in 2023 to 792 million yuan in 2024, in the context of a steady increase in the price of coal-chemical products.
Longitudinally, companies have been stable in recent years, profitability has increased significantly, and asset-liability ratios have fluctuated thinly. There has been a sharp increase in the net return profit of companies, which in 2021 was $16.259 billion, compared to the previous year’s net return of $16.259 billion.
His four coal companies, with a market value of more than $50 billion, are at the top of the list, and have been on the rise overall for 18 years. In 2023, Roe, with a share of 27.70 per cent, was in the top position of comparable companies, higher than the coal industry, Guangxi energy, Shanxi coal, China Shinhua and China coal.
In recent years, corporate capital spending and depreciation rates have slowed at a rate similar to that of the previous year, and capital spending in 2023 has been significantly increased by the same year by the ability of the Luzi mining industry and the Xinjiang. Capital spending increased slightly between 2018 and 2022, with the impact that capital spending in 2023 was mainly for the maintenance of simple reproduction, infrastructure projects, technological change, technology development, etc.
Corporate interest-bearing liabilities are dominated by long-term liabilities, and the structure of debt has been optimized in recent years. In 2020, the amount of short-term interest-bearing debt owed by companies reached its highest value in recent years, amounting to $32.9 billion, and the share of interest-bearing debt had been optimized in recent years.
Short-term debt service pressure on companies as a whole is relatively low, as the number of barriers is 15 times higher. Cash flow on the company’s books is stable and stable. Net cash flows from corporate operations, benefiting from the rise in coal prices, have increased significantly since 2021, with 63 per cent in 2021 and $36,182 million in the same year; 48 per cent in 2022 and 48 per cent in the same year.
Flows (including monetary funds and financial assets of a transactional nature) are sufficiently stable. (In taxes) each share is sent to a red share of 0.3 shares, with a combined cash share of $11.85 billion (in taxes), a share of a share of a credit.
There is also no significant debt-servicing requirement during the period, so it is expected to continue to maintain a higher share of cash. Our model predicts that the net profit from the return of mining energy in 2024 will be approximately $19.828 billion, assuming a 60 per cent share in 24 years, and the cash share is expected to be $11.897 billion, with a market value of $17.18 billion for the current shares of the corresponding companies and $117.2 billion for the Hong Kong shares.
The cash flow is currently stable and it is expected to continue to maintain a high share of cash. 6. Profit predictions and company valuations
Source, as a comparable company, has an average value of 10 times the value of 24 years, and we expect the price of coal to be high over the next three to five years, and the company, as the largest coal producer in the East China region, has a high spot ratio that is expected to bring high performance elasticity, compared with the average value of the company, with almost 14 per cent of the value of the company's value repair.
Companies are among the leading producers of scarce and sustainable capacity growth, and the stabilization of high dividends and high spot ratios highlights the value of configuration, thus considering the company's combined performance elasticity and high dividends attributes, and covering the first time giving a “buy-in” rating.
2. Lower demand for coal is not as high as expected: there is a risk of declining demand downstream of coal as a result of the macroeconomic downturn, and coal prices may not be as high as expected if the volume of imported coal is added to the expected increase.
The three major financial forecasting tables for Xiaomei's energy have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and are already in possession of securities investment advisory services.