\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
The increase in R & D costs is mainly due to new vehicle-type R & D and the development of core technologies such as hi4. \triangleright s0105211100005
Phev, announces a full-scale electrical transition. 2023 is expected to put in more than 10 new energy vehicles, plus a fast-paced transition.
The first-car dragon and dragon max will be on the market in the second quarter, and the first one will be on hi4 technology, focusing on the "four-drive performance, two-drive price" super-high value-for-money route, and the two-generation big dogs (including the phev version) that are located in the middle of the country are on the market; 2) wey: six large suv blue mountain dht-phev will be sold for $27.38.08 million.
In March, the Great Wall Automobile (60163.sh) was given a fast-forward evaluation of its production and sale: official appearance at the car exhibition, followed by three coffee changes; and (3) Eura: good cat changes have been made to the market.
The marginal improvement in sales is evident, waiting for the new car plus the full power of the channel, with a time discount of $22,000, a new ballet cat show with a reduced start price of $40,000, and 4) tanks: first-boarding -2023/04/10.
The technological tank 500phev was launched for worldwide pre-sale, and the tank 400hi4-t was shown, followed by the 2022 annual report of the Great Wall car (60163.sh): The gram will be fully molded. The channels are being consolidated, the electrical transition is accelerating, and the company’s cycle of strong products is beginning.
Channel reform is continuing, waiting for the big one. With regard to the organizational structure, the company has formed a “strong backstage, \triangleright 3. The Great Wall car (601633.sh) fast-forwarding site in October.
In terms of access reform, companies create the Hafer Fuel + New Energy Network “Long Network”, wey+
In terms of product strategy, companies evaluate the traditional h-sequence, dog-sequence: product structure optimized and profit greatly exceeded expectations by 2022/1.
On the basis of this, the core of the dragon series, the coffee series, the blue mountains, the dragons and the dragons are now on display, the strong product power is shaped by super-priced and intelligent layouts, and the Great Monopoly strategy is the 5. The Great Wall vehicle (601633.sh) is fast-tracked for production and sale in July:
Continued growth is expected to lead to a sustained upward trend in brand sales. In 2023, with changes in organizational structures and channels, product sales continued to recover, globalization accelerated and 2022/08/1 brand new products continued to grow deeper into the market, and firm operations were turned around under the strong product cycle.
Market access reforms, product location focus on main course competition strategies, and the H4 core technology is fully embraced. Watch the company's full-scale transformation and product cycle turning points, and maintain the `recommended' rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.