Wall Car: 2301 short-term pressure, looking at 23 years of new energy transformation, Great Wall Car (601633)
Incident: The company issued a quarterly report in 2023, with 2023q1 earning 29.4 billion yuan, compared to the same period of transformation adjustment for Lu Kamin 1 and a year-on-year decline in sales for the company.
220,000 vehicles were sold, compared to 22.4 per cent in the same brand, and 126,000 vehicles, compared to 24.6 per cent in the same year; 3403 vehicles, corresponding to 76.2 per cent in the Wey brand; 18,000 vehicles, corresponding to 47.4 per cent in the Orapine brand; and 24,000 tanks, corresponding to 6.0 per cent in the same brand;
With 49,000 cards sold, compared to 13.7%, the rest of the brands, except for the pickup brand, have fallen, resulting in a fall in sales of 23q1. Companies this year increased their investment in new energy, research and development, and access.
The organizational structure has changed again, adding new product cycles to watch the company's new energy transformation in 2023. \triangleright has brand integration, Wei and tanks, Ora and Sharon will use a two-brand business model, in which
As a result of this integration, the tank brand ceo Liu Ying Xiao also served as Wei ceo, with high power for new energy sources and global markets; Ora and Sharon focused on pure electricity, with Sharon ceivin flying as Sharon and Eura ceo.
Performance, net profit target of no less than $6 billion in 2023, anchoring minimum performance. With regard to new vehicles, the Department will issue new multi-cars in 2023, such as the Blue Hills dht-phev, Haffron, Dragons.
Risk factors: Unexpected roll-out of new vehicles, under-prospected sales and increased competition in industry.
Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The automobile industry chain is fully covered, focusing on the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, autonomous branding, etc.
Master's degree (M.A.). Has worked at the Toyota Motor Technology Centre and the Joaquín Stock Exchange, one year's work experience in automobile companies and two years' experience in the automobile industry. It covers the entire car, Tesla's industrial chain, electrical intelligence, etc.
Ding, M.A. in Finance, University of Melbourne, covers areas such as smart cabins, electric motors, and whole cars. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.