Greatwallmotorcompanymited (601633) promisingfutureofevtransformationwith majorincrementfromhaval
This is the first time I've ever heard of you.
#risingMarketshare investmentthesis
I've been working for the past few years, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with people.
Be9.68mn (+51% yoy)/8.04mn (+54% yoy), Correspontoapenetrationrateof 40%. marketa subsitethorods: Weestimayevsalestobe 4.7mn (+19.9% yoy), phev
Structure: "2 superpoweandmulti-weakpower"iscliquetotranslationinto"2 superpower and multi-greatpower" . Weexpectmarketshareoftectop9domiceventerprisesto now 77% in 2023 (vs.62% in 2022), while themarketshareofcr2(tlaandbyd)
I don't know if you're going to be able to do it, but you're going to be able to do it, and the marketshareofother companies, includingli, gwm, Geely, andcahnangan, continuestorise. basicdata.
greatwallmotor: frequentlaunchofchannelconstrutute marginalimprovements }historeyview: strongsalesofhavalh6ledthemarketshare increaseofentirairehavalseries, drivingthelastupwardrendofgw'sstockprice.2)
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
The Wall Cars (601633): January exports with Channeltoleadthenextcycle.3)
+25%, terminal: amongwm's sixbrands, oneis
Great Wall Motors (601633): 2022 trade, twoisstabilizing, and theotherstreaming abreakthough.havelis toweringlargevolumestoaccelerateevtransformation.gwmplanstolaunchphev/ev
Quick Performance Report rating: 2022 year-on-year profit ratio thankandnick-upsenjoyastableleashedshipinthemarketsetsegmentwholeora/saloon/wey areabouttolaunchnewhiclestrom2q23, coveringsedan/mpv&otherdifferentated
"Categoriesandacelerationevtransformation.channel: additiontotheexistingoffline soochowsecurities international channelofora/saloon/wey, gwmisabouttosetapenewevsaleschannelsnystem."
♪ Brokeragemitedwouldliketo opnofewstoreswithlaunchofwproductstrom2q23arelikelytocelerateev
I'm sorry, thank you, thank you, thank you.
Researchinstitute, Andinparticular itsemployeesxilihuang and huibeingyang.
The Great Wall Car (601633) Watch the new energy transition!
Under the premise of sound economic growth + car-related policy-friendly, we predict that the country’s new sources of energy will be transported in bulk/high-risk retail sales: 9.68 million (+51 per cent of the year) 80.4 million (+54 per cent of the year).
The corresponding penetration rate is about 40%. The new energy sub-technology route (higher risk caliber, same as): the sales of the ev vehicle type are estimated to be 4.7 million (year-on-year + 19.9%) and the phev type to be 2.67 million (year-on-year new energy vehicle patterns in the country: two more weak to two more than two more).
Nine new energy brands are expected to reach 77 per cent (an estimated 62 per cent in 2022) and the share of cr2 (Tsra+Byadi) has declined steadily (38-39 per cent), ideal plus the Great Wall/Jili/Longan etc.
At the heart of the stock-marketing cycle is the suv industry dividend, Huffh6 was listed for sale, leading to an increase in the market share of Haffer's full-fledged car, which is still centred around the "Blast New Car". 2) The Conclusion of Strengths: the firm, long-term correct thing, that is, the integration of more technology and product power.
The cycle mainly reflects the need for a combination of two dimensions for the design of auto-research +suv products in reverse, and the wheel expects the Great Wall three power/mixing technology to be autonomously controlled + Hover's new energy source new vehicle/independent channel to trigger another cycle.) Core catalytic: technological maturity.
The technology dimension: the Great Wall lemon dht mix was developed earlier, technological maturity and product fuel consumption parameters were ahead of the industry. The product dimension: the six Great Wall brands made a steady three-way break, Hafer positioned the market and accelerated the transformation.
New energy, q2 is expected to launch a multi-car phev/ev and raise the market at a price of $100,000 to $200,000.
Channel dimensions: The Great Wall is based on Ora/Sharan and Wei's Door, with the Huff branding of B+25% and the terminal channel continues to go to the bank.
Long Wall Motors (601633): The average value of four comparable companies in the Great Walla shares in 2022 was 21/16/14 times.
We believe that the Great Wall car should enjoy higher valuations and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
In particular, thanks to Huang Xiaoli and Yang Huixiang, the new energy-car industry in the country will continue to grow rapidly in 2023, and sales will continue at a faster rate, with we expect 96.804 million bulk/retail-calibre sales to be achieved, respectively, at a rate of 51% to 54%.
The high-speed core is underpinned by: 1) policy end: the new energy car policy dividend is still in place and the acquisition tax credit is fully extended 2) supply end: the new vehicle fleet of Biadi/ideal/Jili cars continues to be rolled out and the supply end product matrix is rapidly enriched 3) demand end: the end-to-end acceptance of the new energy source continues to increase, with the price of $100,000 to $200,000 plus one
Based on a comparative analysis of the competing elements of individual car companies in our whole-car framework, let's assume that, under optimistic scenarios: two superstars, Tesla + Yadi, are defensive: a steady drop in share. Middle-high-end market (200,000 +): the core ran out of three, about 4%; the evaluation of the new car cycle in 2023 (Ideal +aito+) is more interesting, with the ideal car being:
Real difference competition with [Texra + Biadi]: 1) single branding with a focus on household markets; 2) focus on mid-to-high-end markets (especially 300,000-500,000 dollars); 3) short-range technology + long-term ev technology. Full price coverage: core out of 3-4: evaluation based on the new 2023 cycle of cars is more interesting, but it is more interesting.
Middle Wall/Jili/Longan: Three companies in the first echelon of the transition speed in autonomous brands. Common feature: 1) Comparative analysis of the competing elements of individual car companies from both sides based on our whole car frame, 2023: 2 overweights, moderate and small drops: 8% Tesla and 29% Biadi.
The confluence of the Great Wall-Jili-Longan (about 8 per cent) in 2023 was still scattered, but the share of head-car companies increased; the phev market moved from Biadi’s unique to a 1-plus-3 pattern, with the desired + Cyrus+Long-Ann taking the lead.
The Great Wall Cars: Changing Products & Channels, Marginal Catalyzing Up, Multi-branding Strategy under the Great Wall Innovative Goods Model, Fragmentation of Product Cycles in the 2022 Supply Chain Crisis, Supply Chain & Technology Preparation in 2023, Mass New Energy Launching of Full Price Conformity Terminal Channel
Reorganizing changes that are expected to start a new product cycle that will boost sales. 2.1. Strength summary: firm long-term correctness, strong technology and product strength.
Product dimensions, companies insist on multi-branding, product-based thinking, brand-based expression, and thus user intelligence. Hafer locates mass markets, pickups, tank/weeds focus up, Ora/Sharon moves pure power, clear positioning, directional focus.
Technology dimensions, where the Wall is leading in terms of electrodynamic/intelligent/platformization. 1) Electrodynamic dimensions, with the Wall using beehive energy and hive vulnerability as the core technology of the central layout electrodynamics, lemon dht hybrid solutions, keeping the industry in the lead. 2) Smart chemical dimensions, where the Wall is developing a snow lake mana data intelligence system based on the Tolmupe Image, multiplied by
To enhance the synergy of data collection/training using the three main operations of vehicles, end-of-end autopilot and smart hardware, and to promote the upgrading of autopilot horizontal capabilities; 3) Platform dimensionality, development of different product production platforms such as lemon/tanks in the Wall to cover products of different sizes/types/fuels.
2.2. Core Catalyzing: Resolute technology breakthroughs & channel changes, accelerated roll-out of new energy products, accelerated deployment of hybrid technology by Biadi, with the Wall/Gili/Gian following up quickly. Biadi/Gang/Gili released the new generation of hybrid solutions in mid-2021 and mid-2021, respectively dm-i/Lemondht
In both cases, the P1+p2/3 dual-power structure was followed up by the registration of vehicles like Qinplusdm-i/Hover h6dht and the Deokol Lei god, with 2023q1 long vehicles officially launching the second generation Idd hybrid system, with a completely new structure for solutions and responsive products.
Restructured organizational structures and intensive management to improve efficiency. Six major brands run under the Great Wall's re-engineering flag, Eura and Salon are fully integrated in organizational management, with Sharon and Eurasia flying as Sharon and Ora brands ceo; Wei.
One channel, one and a half organizations, two brands, and one channel, one and one and a half organizations, two brands, with a greater concentration of superior resources, and an overall increase in operational efficiency and synergy.
The Hover brand independently set up a new energy distribution system to facilitate the transition as a series of new products are marketed. The new channel is separate from the three new energy brands of Wei/Ola/Sharon, while the Hover brand of phev/ev is linked to the transformation of the crowd market. Throughout 2023, the company promoted the creation of a new energy portal to cover mainstream cities across the country.
New Power New Energy Portal, coupled with the q2 Great Wall multi-power new items on the market, is expected to increase rapidly. 3. Profit predictions and investment proposals 34/48/28 times, with the selection of five whole-car companies as comparable companies with a share as Gilly cars, with an average value compared to the average value of the company.
21/16/14 times. Given the company’s continued technological accumulation and its strong product cycle, we believe that the recovery of the Great Wall’s motor vehicle needs by car is less than expected. If the domestic economy recovers slowly, it will affect the consumer’s desire to buy a car.
The Great Wall's three financial forecasts, which I have produced with diligence, independence and objectivity, accurately reflect all my views on the situation.
A statement of the personal opinion of the issuer or of the securities issuer; the specific proposals or views contained in the present report are, or will be, made in the past, present or future, regardless of whether they relate directly or indirectly to his remuneration.