Summary of events: On 30 March 2023, the Wall Motors published the annual report 2022 and the company ' s total operating income in 2022 was $137,340 million, or 0.69 per cent of the year; the net return to the mother was $8,266 million, or 22.90 per cent of the year. \triangleright
After a four-quarter increase in tank sales, the company’s share was $14.28 million, or +24.3%; the Māori rate was 17.9%, the company’s new energy transformation accelerated, the company’s new cars were heavily invested, and the company’s sales were expected to grow rapidly in 2023.
\triangleright announces a full-scale electric transformation. For brands, 1) Hover's product + channel reform accelerates the commotion transformation: Hafer's new energy distribution network is named Haflon, and plans are under way to launch a heavy-pound car-type dragon, dragon max, ha.
Ferguson (with phev) was listed in February 2023. 2) Wey+ tank layout high-end blending market: Wey has been completely molded and plans to launch six smart suv Blue Mount dht-1 Long Wall vehicles (601633.sh) in October
phev, positioning the mainstream household car market, solid brand-up strategy; tank rolls 500 phev, rating: better sales loops, faster globalization, 2022/1 Luxury Landing Suv in positioning, and tank 700 position Luxury Landing totem, further enriching the product
(iii) Sharon + Ola focuses on pure electricity: Eura anchors the female car market, which will be favoured by female users in the future. 2. The Great Wall car (60163.sh) will be reported in the third quarter of 2022.
As the new energy transition accelerates, the pipeline reform lands, and the company's escape point arrives. 3. The Great Wall vehicle (601633.sh) is on the market for sale in July:
Forest ecosystems are active, new sources of energy are accelerating. With regard to the organizational structure, companies have developed a 3.0 version of the organizational structure, “Step back, sustained recovery of production and sales, accelerated globalisation, 2022/08/1 Great Middle and Small Front”, and with regard to the marketing system, companies have developed a “one set of channels,”
4. The Great Wall vehicle (60163.sh) was declared in June: 1.5 sets of tissues, 2 brands, integration of Ora and Sharon, Wei and tanks using a two-brand business model, and an orderly recovery in supply and demand, with sustained improvement expected in the second half of the year-20
In terms of technology, the company recently released a new four-drive power mix-hi4, which allows it to "exercise the four-drive experience, two-drive price, four-drive performance, two-drive energy consumption" and will take the lead on the dragon max, 5. The Great Wall car (601633.sh) will be evaluated on the market in April:
In terms of overseas distribution, the “onegwm” epidemic constrains the release of products, and technological innovation drives the brand upwards - the Global Brand Action Programme helps companies to pool their resources, accelerate their journey to the sea and land in Asia, Europe, and South.
2022/05/10 US market. In 2023, changes were made to the organizational structure and channels, with the strong product cycle, through the palace. Investment advice: taking into account the increased competition in the industry and the continued input of companies in mixed products, the firm was downgraded.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.