Shen Jia's sales continue to improve, and the new energy transition has accelerated. It is proposed to “buy in” the Great Wall cars for 101,000 vehicles in May, Mom + 8.5 per cent, Yoy + 26.2 per cent of the company's sales in May.
The company is accelerating the new energy transformation of the suv whole product through a new generation of hybrid technologies and upgrades of smart cabins, while accelerating the deployment of new energy distribution channels. The company is active.
The overseas market is expected to increase steadily. We expect the company ' s net profits in 2023 and 2024 to be 11 and 7.2 times higher, and we expect the company ' s sales and profitability as the industry ' s disorderly price battles are almost over, and the Department of Commerce ' s promotion of car sales helps to stimulate automobile sales.
Looking forward to a gradual upturn, it is recommended that the aah stock “buy-in.” Corporate sales continued to improve in May, with the new car market forming a new growth point: the company sold 100,000 full vehicles in May, Mom + 8.5 per cent, yoy + 26.2 per cent, and the company sales continued to improve, and the ring has held since this year.
In May, the Huff brand sold 5.56 million vehicles, yoy+33.2%, mom+6.4%, and in late May the dragons and dragon max were on the market.
Long point. Wey brand sells 5770, yoy + 129%, mom + 143% each month, of which wey Blue Mountain dht-phev sells 5136 in its first full month, reflecting a stronger product mix in the medium-sized and medium-sized suv market
Competitiveness: New motorcade dht-phev was on the market at the end of May, seven-day orders broke out, Wey brands launched five, six, and seven high-priced product combinations this year to match market demand and sales are expected to improve further. Picard sold 18.6 million vehicles, yoy+9.4%, and mom-0.2% of tanks this month.
In January-May, the company cumulatively sold 414,000 cars, or yoy-0.8 per cent, of which the Hafer brand sold 234,000 vehicles, or 1.7 per cent; the Great Wall pickup card sold 86,000 vehicles, or yoy+17.6 per cent; Tan, or yoy+30.5 per cent. In January-May, the company sold 98.9 million vehicles, or yoy+100 per cent, overseas.
There has been a gradual expansion of the overseas distribution, with a year-on-year rise in corporate exports, cumulatively accounting for 23.9 per cent of total corporate sales in January-May. Technology and channels have increased, and companies are accelerating the transformation of new energy sources: the company has issued a new generation of blenders.
Motion system hi4, which enables driving experience upgrades and costs are reduced. The system combines and combines a four-drive structure with the configuration of basic power components for start-up and double power, which is simpler and less costly than the existing three-power mixer four-drive system; and the structure is refined.
Power control and fine-tuning energy recovery, wltc feeds up to 100 km to 5.5l and achieves lower use costs. Haver ronmax on the Hi4 platform is a class-a hybrid, with a price range of $159.8 million-179.8 million and is highly competitive in the market.
At the same time, the company is stepping up the construction of a new energy source for the Hover brand, and the company expects to land 350 “Longnet” stores by the end of June, bringing the number to 500 by the end of the year. The recent release of Hafer Dragons will be sold through the “Longnet” channel.
Car sales activities help to stimulate car sales, and we expect the company's sales and profitability to pick up, and we suggest a "buy-in" of the shares.