In-depth research by the electronics industry company, building up the technology depth report, the global memory interface chip tap, the ai transport chip.
To build a new curve of growth, Zhang Shijie Lee.
Global data-processing and interconnection chip designs have led to a deepening of the platform layout. For 20 years, the company's deep-farming industry has continued to lead the ddr2 to ddr5 years of core memory interface chip suppliers in the ddr5 generation. At the same time, the company has followed the trend of arithmetic demand, with high-performance "activities" chips, of which pcierenemer, mrcd/mdb and ckd chips have already been delivered on a scale that opens up new growth curves.
Lines. Company 25H1 continued its high growth trend, achieving gross operating income of 2,633 million yuan, an increase of 58.17 per cent over the same period, net profits attributable to shareholders in the parent company of 1,159 million yuan, an increase of 95.41 per cent over the same period, mainly due to upward trends in the i-industry, strong industry demand, a steady increase in ddr5 penetration, a marked increase in the volume of goods from the company ' s ddr5 memory interface and module packages, and a large release of high performance chip.
With cloud computing development and data centre construction, the ai and high performance computing industry trend upwards, the driving industry has increased its demand for high bandwidth and high transmission rates. Compared to ddr4, ddr5 with a maximum initial rate of 6,400 mt/s, double the rate of ddr4, the maximum single memory bar capacity increased from 32 gb to 128 gb, pushing downward cloud service providers to increase their share of ddr5, and ddr5.
The ddr5 has increased the use of memory interface chips, with a single-asp upgrade, with companies leading the industry as core suppliers, substeps, and second- and third-generation rcd chips increasing. At the same time, companies have first launched mrcd and mdb packages for higher bandwidth modules mrdimm, the first generation has already achieved delivery to downstream customers on a scale, and the second generation has completed the delivery of samples to major global storage firms.
In order to meet the need for expansion, some of them need to increase to 24 retimeer chips to boost the pcieretamer market. The company is one of the two major global suppliers of pcie 5.0 retimer chips.
In 24 years, two manufacturers accounted for 96.9 per cent of the market, and companies, as new entrants, quickly released their share to 10.9 per cent, and the 6.0 product was ready to be delivered. At the same time, with a deep supply of serdes technology and extensive customer resources, the company expanded to pcieswitch chips and actively engaged in the design and development of pcieswitch chips, opening up room for growth elasticity.
Global data processing and interconnection chip designs, platform layout deepening ddr5 iterative acceleration, memory interface chip volume up, high-performance product release, opening up new growth curves.
1.1. Corporate Profile: International Lead Data Processing and Interconnection Chip Design Company (IDPC) International Lead Data Processing and Interconnection Chip Design Company (DDPC) Deepening Platform Layouts. Founded in 2004, the company was listed in 2019 as the first science start-up company to be the International Lead Data Processing and Interconnection Chip Design Corporation (DDPC), dedicated to providing cloud computing and artificial intelligence
High-performance, low-capacity chip solutions. Currently, the company has two major product lines, interconnection chips and a scavenging server platform, which include memory interface chips and memory module packages used by universal servers, as well as products such as pcie retimer, mrcd/mdb, ckd, mxc, etc., for which downstream customers include mainstream players such as Tristars, Hercules, American Light Technology, etc.
1.2. Main business: RAM chip + high-performance `capable' chip platform configuration. The company’s main business includes two main product lines: the interconnection chip and the Jin capture server platform, and the interconnection chip contributes the main revenue. The company collected 92% of the interconnection chip base for 24 years and 8% of the interlocking server platform for 18-24 years.
33.49 billion yuan, or 68 per cent of the annual compound rate of growth, resulted mainly from the global server and computer industry landscape restoration, which led to the recovery of demand for corporate memory interfaces and modular packages, while benefiting from increased ddr5 penetration and high demand for interconnection chips. Revenue from the capture of server platforms increased from $9 million to $280 million in 18-24, with an annual compound growth rate of 77 per cent.
1.2. Main battalion operations: RAM interface chips + high-performance " transportable" platform configurations The interconnection chips include: core business memory interfaces and modular packages, and new high-performance "lift" chips. The memory interfaces and module packages are the company's core bedrock, the company's deep-dr2-dddr5 interface chips have been in stock for many years, with a full buffer/semi-buffer solution from ddr2 to ddr5
The programme’s main supplier, which accounts for a major share of the global market, followed by a gradual increase in ddr5 penetration in the industry, and the company’s dddr5 product, which exceeds ddr4. With the main server that supports ddr5 second generation memory product, cpu, the dddr5 core chip officially opened, the company has achieved a third generation of shipments, and the second generation and third generation of rcd chips have increased their share.
Figure 5: Company ddr5 memory interface chip product 1.2. Main business: memory interface chip plus high-performance chip " power " platform configuration, high-performance " power " product, opening up growth space.
The efficiency of inter-data transmission is one of the key factors determining systemic performance, and therefore the demand for “power” has increased significantly. Companies focus on “power” needs, with a focus on paragraph 4 of the high-performance “power” chip pcierettimer, mrcd/mdb, ckd, mxc to address interconnectivity bottlenecks in their infrastructure. Of these, pcieretamer, mrcd/mdb, and mxc applied to ai servers, ckd
Application to client memory module. Hypervelocity time-series integration core for pcie high-speed data transfer protocol
, retimer can effectively address the high-speed, long-range transmission of data from the data centre.
Core logic mrcd device for the server ' s new high bandwidth memory module mrdim, designed to accommodate applications such as ai and high performance calculations
The chip as defined in the mdb cxl protocol, which is primarily used in the area of memory extension and memory poolization, is capable of effectively increasing memory capacity and bandwidth.
mxc to meet data-intensive applications such as high performance computing and artificial intelligence for use in client memory modules (e.g. desktop udim and notes)
(ckd sodimm) 1.3. Financial analysis: high demand, optimized product structure and quarterly performance
ddr5 penetration rate rises, leading to high demand for memory interface chips; new high-speed lifts have become a new engine of growth. With the company’s growing product lines, the company’s operating income grew from 1.758 billion yuan in 2018 to 3,639 million yuan in 2024, year after year after year, with a high growth trend of 1,411 million yuan in the q2 quarter, an increase of 52.12 per cent compared to the 52.12 per cent and a net profit of 634 million yuan from the parent, the same ratio.
Growth of 71.40 per cent, benefiting from the trend in the i industry, strong demand in the industry, a continuous increase in ddr5 penetration, a significant increase in the volume of company ddr5 memory interfaces and modular packages, and high-performance chip sizes. 1.3. Financial analysis: high demand, product structure optimization, quarterly upscaling of performance
The product structure is optimal, the Māori rate is higher, and the profitability is increasing. With a new generation of ddr5 exits, and the ability to deliver high-value products, the Māori ratio is increasing. Of these, the cross-link chip ratio of 25h1 Māori is 64.34%, an increase of 1.91 pt. The company’s cost control capacity is excellent, the added-scale effect is reflected, profitability is being optimized, and 25h1 is net.
Global data processing and interconnection chip designs, platform layout deepening ddr5 iterative acceleration, memory interface chip volume up, high-performance product release, opening up new growth curves.
2.1.ai outbreak, driving ddr5 penetration acceleration, prompts > cloud computing development and data centre construction, a warmer general server, a steady increase in output, and an outbreak of i server demand: according to idc data, global server delivery grew from 117.5 million in 18 years to 13.65 million in 24 years, weakening downstream demand in 23 years
The impact, the shrinking capital spending of the super-cloud producers, the weakening of global server output, the 24-year acceleration of global computing infrastructure, the significant pull-up of the overall stock of server markets, the same rate of improvement, and the apparent warming of server markets, the upward trend. The demand for the one server became a core driver, with a forecast of 2 million servers per day by 2026, according to the Trendforce data.
A combined annual growth rate of 26 per cent for 22-26 years. 2.1.ai outbreak, driving ddr5 penetration acceleration, triggers mrdim demand. Transfer rate is further increased through the ddr4-dddr5 upgrade phase. dram dynamic random access
The storage is the most common system, the ddr mainstream specifications are currently overstretched to ddr5, and the previous generation dddr4 was launched in 2014 and became the mainstream programme in 2016. The dddr4 quotes increased from 240 to 288 compared to dddr3, with a maximum transmission rate of 3,200 mt/s.ddddr5 was driven by jedec in 2017, and dddr5 changed from a 64-bit single-channel structure to a 32-bit dual channel with a maximum initial rate of 6400 mt/s, compared to dddr4.
It is twice as high as ddr4, with the maximum capacity of the single RAM increased from 32 gb to 128 gb. Intel and md support of ddr5 cpu were released throughout 2023, marking the official start of the ddr5 cycle.
ddr5 opens a large penetration year. Reference is made to the last generation of dd4r penetration rhythms, with ddr4 products reaching about 30% in one year, and about 60% in two years. According to the sk Hercules performance, the ddr5 industry penetration rate reached around 30% in 23 years, with an expected penetration rate of about 50% at the end of 24 years, and a 25-year dddr5 ratio is expected to continue to rise, leading to a large-scale penetration year.
Xerox, mainly benefiting from: 1)ai and high performance computing demand outbreak, ddr5 higher bandwidth, faster transmission rate and lower wear and tear, driving cloud service providers to increase their share of ddr5 in procurement, 2) large overseas storage capacity from ddr4 to high-value new products such as dddr5, 2.1.ai outbreak, driving ddr5 penetration acceleration, generating mrdim demand
The main memory type used by the server is rdimm, lrdimm. The memory bar is temporary data storage devices, exchange data with cpu, and has the advantage of reading and writing fast, large capacity, and supporting random access. In the server 's application scene, the main form of the memory bar is: 1) for the generic server 's memory bar rdimm (a two-threshold-in-the-box memory control module with a sender), increasing the memory on the memory bar
; 2) the memory bar lrdim for high performance servers (low load double-strength-plug-in memory modules), with register chips changed to imb memory-segregated buffer chips in order to reduce the system bus negative charge ... to increase memory capacity.
2.1.ai outbreak, driving ddr5 penetration acceleration, triggers a sharp increase in the demand for mrdim > memory bandwidth, and a new structure mrdim is born to achieve a higher transmission rate. mrdim (multiplexedrankdimm) is a multi-pathic re-use column dimm, with memory supporting two RAM sequences combined with multiple-circuiter re-use buffers
And memory controllers, which combine and transmit multiple data signals on a single channel, together two memory sequences can transmit 128 bytes, according to which a higher transmission rate is achieved without physical connection. The first generation mrdim is planned to support a maximum of 8,800 mt/s, and the second generation mrdim to a maximum of 12,800 mt/s, reaching the final target of 17,600 mt/s after 2030.
Performance calculations provide solutions with higher bandwidth, lower delay and greater capacity. 2.2. Memory interfaces and accompanies chips are expected to rise at full rates. ddr5 generation-to-generation upgrades and memory interfaces and accompanies chips are expected to rise at full rates.
Sending clock buffers and db data buffers. In rdimm, the rcd chip can be used separately, and in lrdim, the rcd chip can be used as a package with the db chip. After the ddr5 generation upgrade, the dddr5 generation rate has doubled to 6,400 mt/s compared to the ddr4, and the ddr5 has applied a lower working voltage of 1.1v than the ddr4.
According to jedec standards, in addition to the clock buffer and db data buffers on the rcd deposit, the ddr5 memory module adds three additional packages for the spd string detection hub, ts temperature sensor and pmic power management chip respectively.
With regard to the  memory interface chip, in the ddr4 generation, the rdimm memory bar is configured with a rcd memory clock drive, and the lrdim memory bar is constructed with a "1+9" structure, i.e., with a rcd deposit clock drive and 9 db data buffer; in the ddr5 generation, the lrdim memory is extracted with a "1+10" structure, i.e., with 1 rcd storage time drive and 10 db data buffers, 1 db is added to the dddr4 generation
Chips. The mrdim memory box has a " 1+10 " structure similar to that of lrdim, with one mrcd sent clock drive and 10 mdb data buffers. With respect to memory interface packages, the ddr5 memory bar has a spd chain core, two ts temperature sensors, and a pmic power source management chip*1.mrdim memory package has the same number of chips.
2.3. The company’s memory interface chip had a significant initial advantage, with the market share leading, and the ddr technology overlapped, with the global memory interface cores down to three, one for technology, one for Rambus, and one for idt. In the early ddr2 era, there were about six core global memory interface chips, including ti, intel, Siemens, inphi, and Jaguar.
Technology, idt, etc.. With the technology going up to the ddr5 generation, transmission rates have increased significantly, work voltage has decreased, jedec has completed further, jeddr5 memory interface chip technical specifications, minimum support for 1.1v work voltage, most recent generation up to 8,000 mt/s speed, resulting in a reduction in the number of major players in the global memory interface chips to three due to the rise in the RAM chip barrier.
Rambus, which together accounted for 93.4 per cent of the market share in 24 years, was the company ' s share of 36.8 per cent, ranking first. 2.3 The company ' s memory interface chip had a significant pre-eminence, with market share leading.
With regard to the kernel layout, the corporate product matrix is well developed, covering the ddr2-ddr5 series of memory interface chips, achieving full coverage of memory interface chips rcd, db, and memory interface packages spd, ts, pmic. The company's memory interface chip product is applied to multiple buffer memory modules, such as rdimm, lrdim, to meet the high-speed and high-capacity requirements of high-performance servers.
Industry leads, second-generation rcd chips have grown over 24 years of first-generation products, third-generation rcd chips have started in the fourth quarter, and fifth-generation rcd chips have successfully sent samples to customers.
2.3. The company’s memory interface chip has a significant initial advantage, and market share leads.
The company has made significant progress in the mrdim memory interface chip, which is used on high-performance servers. The first generation mrcd and mdb suites, with a support rate of 8,800 mt/s, have been applied on an industry scale since 24 years, to the world ' s leading downstream vendor supply chains, to deliver on a scale. The company ' s second generation mrcd and mdb support rate of 12,800 mt/s has been increased by 45% compared to the first generation, and has completed the process of moving to global masters.
The global data-processing and interconnection chip design taps, the platform-based layout is deepening and ddr5 has accelerated, and the memory interface chip volume has risen.
High-performance products are released, new growth curves are opened 3.1.pcie standard rotation rate increases, retimeer chip becomes a signal decay mainstream solution pcie standard overlap update, transmission rate doubles. pcie protocol is a high-speed serial computer extension bus standard, the third generation i/o bus.
Applications cover a wide range of computing platforms, such as pc machines, servers, storage systems, hand-held computing, mainly connecting high-performance peripherals, such as cpu-gpu communications, and web cards, sound cards, solid-state hard disks. Since the release of pcie1.0 in 2003, the pcie interconnectivity technology has been fast and the rate of transmission per rotation has doubled.
16 gt/s from pcie 4.0 to 32 gt/s. pcie 6.0 was released in 22 years and the transmission rate further increased to 64 gt/s. 3.1.pcie standard iterative transmission rate increases, retimer chip becomes the mainstream solution for signal decay.
Rich, in order to satisfy the ai and other high performance calculations, there is an increased need for asymmetric architecture. The application landscape expansion drives a change in the pcle standard. New, with a single-link speed of 32 gbps at pcie 5.0, but with a constant doubling of transmission speed, the transmission distance of the signal is limited. Industrial standards have not been reduced, and the cost of interconnection has increased from 22 db in pcie 3.0 to 28 db in pcie 4.0.
The pcie 5.0 era increased to 36db. 3.1.pcie standard iterative transmission rate increases, retimer chip becomes the mainstream solution for signal decay. retimer chip becomes the mainstream solution for plug-in. pcie plug-in problem resolution includes the introduction of low-fault pcb and signal reconciliations.
Redrive/retimer, etc.. The use of m6/7pcb boards is significant for adding costs, and effective transmission distance is still limited. Retimer adds cdr to redriver to restore the clock signal from the input signal, thereby restoring the principles of the data signal, while compensating for transmission losses and solving problems of interlocking, echo loss, symbol interference and shaking, thereby enhancing the integrity of the pcle signal.
Increasing the effective transmission distance of high-speed signals and performing better as the main solution to the pcie plug-in problem. Chart 30: Comparison of effect with retimmer 29: Comparison of redriver with retimmer programme
3.2.ai servers are in high demand, driving the retimer market expansion > a large cloud service provider ' s budget to continuously focus on the acquisition of the `ai server ' , adding a single server to an increased use, driving the retimer chip market expansion. From single server usage, retimer chip requirements are concentrated on the `ai server ' , the owner of a typical configuration of 8 gpu.
Currentai servers require 8-16 retimer chips to meet expansion requirements, some of which need to be increased to 24 retimer chips. According to Frost Sullivan, the market size of the pcleatedtimer market grew rapidly from $70 million in 22 years to 24 years. 3.3. The company is the global only provider of retimer chips, and the layout of the witch chip opens the elastic space.
The company is one of the two suppliers of the world’s major pcie 5.0 retimmer chip, with two manufacturers accounting for 96.9% of the market in 24 years, and the company’s share as a newcomer rising rapidly to 10.9%. The company’s pcie 5.0 retimmer product supports a transport rate of 32gt/s, compensating up to 36db for the loss of the channel.
The film supports 64gt/s transmission rates, uses the pam4serdes technology, supports a link budget of up to 43db, and can be used for typical applications such as universal and aai service servers, aec and storage systems. 3.3. The company is a global second-rate provider of retimer chips, and the layout switch chip opens up the elastic space.
The company's active pcieswitch chip, opening up the growth space. A single eight-card server needs to be equipped with two to four pcieswitches worth $1.894 billion a year. Market size is expected to reach $5,871 million in 30 years, with a combined growth rate of 18% in 25-30 years. The company has accumulated a deep serdes technological reserve and extensive customer resources, laying a solid foundation for the pcieswitch chip, and is actively developing.
Design and development of the pcieswitch chip.
ddr5 acceleration, memory interface chip volume up, high-performance product release, new growth curves, profit projections and investment proposals.
(a) Profit forecasting and investment proposals: company memory interfaces and supporting chips are basic and industry leads and will benefit fully from ddr5 penetration rates to the extent that downstream demand is less than expected;
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 Python Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor, Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “I” or “Pacific Securities”) has a certificate of approval from the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
This report is issued only to the signatory clients of the service agreement with the Pacific securities, and the exclusive research product for the signatory Pacific securities, and if you are not the signatory customer of the Pacific securities, please cancel the receipt, subscription or use of any of the information contained in this report; Pacific securities will not be received, read or turned off by the recipient.
As an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should make their own investment decisions and assume their own investment risks, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the benefits or losses of portfolio investment is null and void. Researcher’s personal perspective.
My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the public authorities mentioned in the report, and may offer or seek to provide investment banking services to these companies.