Colum Pharmacy (002422). Drugs for big infused raw materials are growing rapidly, and innovative research and development is progressing well.
The recovery of the end of the clinic led to a rapid increase in the company ' s earnings and profits in the first half of the year, a marked decline in the cost rate during the period, continued optimization of the structure of the liquid product and continued enrichment of the generic pharmaceutical variety. 2023h1, the injection plate generated $5,027 million (+14.27 per cent), a Māori rate of 64.21 per cent, and a higher rate of revenue and Māori than other companies in the same industry.
The amount of fluids increased by 3.70 percentage points, with bags, multi-room bags, powdered double-room bags, etc., leading to higher corporate income and profits. Intestine nutrients increased to more than 10 species, and are expected to grow rapidly as the variety continues to diversify. Left-oxyfluorsar ' s share of the sodium chloride injector market is in the top of the list, with sales revenue in the first half of the year.
The impact of external factors, such as class mining, has declined in some cases. Since this year, the company has achieved 29 approved pharmaceutical products, 2 clinically declared 28 products, which have further enriched the company’s range of products in the fields of intestinal nutrition, anti-infection, male specialization, anaesthesia, diabetes.
The promotion of drugs in hospitals is expected to support the company ' s continued growth in generic pharmaceutical operations. > The raw material plate is growing strongly and synthetic biology is progressing well. > 2023h1, the antibiotic intermediates and raw materials as a whole are earning 2,370 million yuan (+14.54 per cent) and 673 million yuan (+19.46 per cent) in Maori.
The company’s synthetic biology project is well under way, with the highest levels of fermentation and purity in the industry, entering the marketing phase, and is expected to contribute to an increase in revenues. The market for penicillin in the first half of the year is rapidly recovering, some of the product markets are in high demand, costs are well controlled, and raw material plates are growing well.
The company's core product, skb264, has been recognized for three breakthrough therapies, and the iii clinical trials currently used to treat the late tnbc, which has been treated through second-line and above standards, have reached the main end of the study, and are expected to be marketed by the end of this year.
Research is moving fast. A166 is on the third line of treatment for her2+bc. A167 for snorting cancer has been submitted for listing and is expected to be approved for listing in 2024. A140 for treatment of the Rasnobic mcrcc is expected to be applied for the second half of the year. With regard to internationalization, the company has continued to strengthen its cooperation with Mossatón, which is led by Mercantón.
Registered clinical research at multicentres is well under way, with the commercial value of major international markets being highlighted. 1. Performance is bright and profitable.
The company was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in June 2010, the holding subsidiary, Kawaning Bio, was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange's business board in December 2022, and in Hong Kong in July 2023 at the Colombote joint.
As of 30 June 2023, the company had 634 medical products of a total of 1007 specifications, of which 132 were liquid products of a total of 297 specifications and 420 were other agents of a total of 626 specifications.
The main products cover diseases such as anti-cancer, cerebral blood, anaesthetic pain, mental, anti-pathogenic micro-organisms, nutrients, respiratory, antiseptic osteoporosis, male specialists, diabetes, hydrolysis balance, diagnostic imaging, hepatitis B, etc. The company competes in the field of infusion and in the field of biological fermentation.
The advantage is to increase research and development investment in innovative medicines, new delivery systems and high-end generics, and to expand resources for internationalization cooperation. Corporate formulations have flourished, have been rich in pipelines and have played an important role in the pharmaceutical industry in the country.
61.53 per cent; net profit on deductibles is 1.349 billion yuan, an increase of 66.53 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, 51.32 million yuan was earned in the q2 quarter, an increase of 10.54 per cent over the same period; net profit on deductions was 592 million yuan, an increase of 2.63 per cent over the same period; net profit on deductions was 560 million yuan, an increase of 2.43 per cent over the same period.
Figure 2 Growth of corporate operating income (millions of yuan) Growth of corporate profits (billions of yuan)
Figure 4 Māori rate and net interest rate changes for companies (%)
The leading leader is the Māori industry. The main infusion is the Köln advantage, with an average annual sales volume of 4.21 billion bottles/bags between 2018 and 2022, with an average operating income of 9.39 billion yuan, with the Köln pharmaceutical industry standing at the top of the industry, both in terms of production, sales and operating income. 2023h1, with the fluid plate yielding $5.027 billion, an increase of 14.27 per cent compared to the total revenue.
46.83%. The Māori rate of the company ' s infusion plates is about 65% higher than that of other companies in the same industry, with production costs lower and production more efficient. The company continues to optimize the structure of its infusion products, increasing the volume of closed infusions by 3.70 percentage points over the reporting period, with bags, multi-room bags, pink bins, etc., leading to higher infusion plate revenue and profit growth in the company ' s large infusion plates with hospitals.
Since 2017, the company has distributed a number of intestine nutrients products, and so far 15 intestinal nutrients have been marketed and are now selling more than 10 different varieties.
There has been a steady increase of 33.08% in sales over the same period; recovery and grass-roots expansion of the number of non-medically protected varieties with a similar increase of 33.56%; and a high increase in sales as a national negotiation product, which was launched this year, thanks to an increase in the capacity of intestinal nutrients to treat them, with a positive increase in sales. During the reporting period, the newly launched sales range included 30% of glucose from medium- and long-chain fat milk/amino acid 16)
Intestine nutrient products such as intestinal nutrient bins and sodium glycerine phosphate are expanding. Sodium chloride from left oxyfluoride is sold at $234 million, an increase of 2.83 per cent. With the resumption of normal consultations, the introduction of new products, and the collection of the increased quantities of the prized products, are expected to support the positive growth of the infusion business.
Figure 8 Income from non-intestinal nutrients products (billion yuan) 2.2. The variety of non-infusion medicines continues to diversify, the variety of generic medicines is increasing and the advantages of niches are increasing.
Over the reporting period, income from the sale of non-revenue medicines increased by 2,948 million yuan to 4,126 million yuan, or 8.77 per cent annually. This represents a decrease of 1,834 million yuan, compared with 8.02 per cent in the same period.
Twenty-nine pharmaceutical products were approved, two clinical cases were approved, and 28 were declared produced, further enriching the company’s range of products in the fields of intestinal rearing, anti-infection, male specialization, anaesthesia, diabetes.
In the male field, there are three varieties, of which Dalpatine is the only globally approved cure for men's early ejaculation disorders, which were seized during the reporting period through multiple channels such as the otc chain market, Internet platforms, etc., with an equal increase of 28.8%.
The catalogue, which is expected to be a point of growth in sales in the second half of the year, has a higher market share for products in the field of diabetes. The company's layout has six new oral sugar drugs on the market, namely, the Engrès net, the Capricorn net, the phosphate sigretine, the Ligretine, the amber trajectories, the hydrogen bromine plating.
Dingles. Of these, the Englesia Net, as a sglt2 inhibitor, is located in the national collection of the winning bid cycle, maintaining a growth trend, ranking the country first in terms of market sales of the same name, achieving sales revenue of $9.12 million over the reporting period, an increase of 97.15 per cent over the same period, and adding a new adult chronic heart condition to health insurance in March 2023, which is expected to lead to a new increase in the product.
▪ Collection of non-infusion agents (billion yuan) 2.3. Strong growth in antibiotics intermediates and raw materials, high growth in profit margins and progress in synthetic biology projects. 2023h1, Antibiotic intermediates and raw materials as a whole
External operating income of 2,370 million yuan, an increase of 14.54 per cent, and Māori of $673 million, an increase of 19.46 per cent.Thonin and its subsidiaries realized revenues of 2,417 million yuan (+21.84 per cent), a net profit of 391 million yuan (+64.82 per cent), a million yuan (-24.1 per cent), a business income of 526 million yuan (+16.27 per cent) and a penicillin intermediate.
Operating income is 976 million yuan (+54.66 per cent) and other products are operating at 187 million yuan (+21.07 per cent). The synthetic biology project is well under way and has reached the highest level of fermentation and purity in the industry and is expected to contribute to the sales phase.
The site recovered faster than expected, with a significant increase in sales of 7-adca and good cost controls, and the company’s overall economy of intermediates and raw materials was robust. 10 drugs, 23 biomolecular drugs) were dominated by tumours, with their own immune, inflammation and metabolic diseases.
In the field of disease, which has created an iterative advantage for disease clusters and products, there are 14 clinical projects at the current stage of innovative clinical research, 7 at the pre-clinical development stage and 12 at the drug discovery stage.
Innovative drugs are moving well and competitively. Innovative drug treatments cut across neoplasms and non-cancer areas, with molecular forms including adc, antibodies, and small molecules. Core product skb264 (trop2-adc) has obtained three breakthroughs from cde, which have been determined to be used for the treatment of triple breast cancer (tnbc), non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc), sexually hormone receptor virtuosom.
Sex and human skin growth factor 2 negative breast cancer (hr+/her2-bc). The iii final clinical trial, currently used for the treatment of late-stage tnbc treatments that have passed second-line and above standards, has reached the main research endpoint and is expected to be marketed by the end of this year and is expected to be the first national production to be marketed trop2-adc.
In addition, the company is actively exploring the potential of skb264 combined a167 or k drugs for multiple physical amplitude I/second-line treatments. Globally, in 2022, the company awarded nine adc products, including skb264, to Moshalton.
Co-operation, with total disbursements of $11.821 billion, and multiple global multi-centre registered clinical studies led by Mercado are under way, with Colombote confirming a revenue of $1.037 billion to Mercado, highlighting the commercial value of major international markets.a166 (her2-adc) has been declared on the market for her 2+bc adaptive treatment on three lines and is expected to be the first.
For breast cancer, a167 (pd-l1 single-line treatment for nasal cancer (npc) has been submitted to the market, and joint chemotherapy first-line treatment (npc) has completed the iii phase of clinical trials and is expected to be approved in 2024.
mcrc expects Nda to apply in the second half of the year, and the small molecule ret hormone inhibitor a400 started in July 2022 with key tests for the late ret+nscls.
Profit forecasting and valuation analysis The company is the main infusion tap in the country and, as the ratio of closed infusion products increases, the structure of the infusion product continues to optimize, the production capacity of the company is in the lead in the country in terms of research and approval, and new products continue to be marketed annually on a public-based basis.
With the Division's strong R & D, marketing and cost control capabilities, the company's non-revenue agent business is expected to grow, and we expect to increase the prices and sales of the company's main raw materials during the 2023 reporting period, with the Tsunin biological management level and the production of the company's innovative drug plate gradually reaching the harvest period, 2023h1 received payments of $1.037 billion from Mossadon, followed by payments of $1.037 billion.
Three companies selected for a share, compared to listed companies in the industry, have a high rate of market gain (2023e16.76) The risk of delayed evaluation of generic pharmaceutical consistency: cde approval speed can affect progress in the evaluation of generic pharmaceutical consistency, which may affect future product block sales revenue expectations if the pace of approval lags short of expectations.
The development of new medicines has not progressed as much as expected: the development of new medicines is characterized by high inputs, high risks, long cycles, and the process of research and development includes a number of complex links, during which deviations in any decision-making and technical errors can have a significant impact on drug research and development, and may even fail, and the previous inputs are zero, causing company losses.
Risks of price fluctuations in raw materials: companies’ main intermediates, price fluctuations in raw materials pharmaceutical products may affect companies’ revenue collection. Market risks: pharmaceutical sales are competitive in the industry on the one hand, run the risk of falling prices, market share being robbed, the pharmaceutical industry is in a period of transformation, the entire industry is affected by policies of health insurance, tendering, clustering, anti-corruption, and pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises are faced with the risk
(a) The continuing downward pressure on sales.Appendix: three series of statements predicting values, using legally compliant data information, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.