A steady growth of the infusion base stone business, three drivers of the Cullen Pharmacy Industry (002422.sz).
The Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry, which was established in 1996 and placed on the market in 2010, has now become a large, integrated pharmaceutical company in the field of pharmaceutical manufacturing, including large infusions, raw materials and intermediates, generics and innovative medicines, as well as in the field of pharmaceutical innovation. Companies have been upgrading and restructuring their industries.
Maintaining absolute leadership in the field of infusion, increasing the full-industry chain advantage of the company ' s pharmaceutical end by imitating the rapid abundance of drugs, raw materials and intermediates, as well as building up and delivering on the innovative drug plate over the years, with the company 'Big Infusion+Synthetic Biology+Innovation' driving three rounds.
Large fluid concentrations increase & structure optimize, and stabilize the operations that are the cornerstones of a sustained profit-contribution operation. The plate collection price is earlier than the generic drug, and the risk of the price reduction is almost clear.
With income of about 50%, Māori contributed more than 60%, benefiting from the rapid recovery of hospital consultations, the HDR is expected to return to a stable growth path. The company accelerates progress in the structural excellence of the fluid products and raises Māori rates, including product specifications upgrades and the promotion of new therapeutic fluids.
Among these, the successful impact of the collection of the intestinal nutrient product Dot, the therapeutic infusion product sodium oxin chloride, etc., has been phased out, the market for multi-, medium- and long-chain products and other therapeutic infusion products has been expanded, and we expect the overall profit from the major infusion business 2023-2025.
The price of the main product of the Choonning Organism remains high, and the synthetic biology mitigation efficiency provides a performance bullet. In 2022, the company’s total income from raw drugs and intermediates was about 21%, with Māori contributing about 9%, but the manufacture of antibiotics and raw materials is currently difficult due to limited policy resistance and environmental stress.
With new entrants, the industry competes well. The supply and demand of antibiotics is currently in a tight balance, with the company's main products 6-apa, penicillin g potassium salt, and sulphate redicillin showing relative depth of 300.
The prices will remain high, and the company’s main business will maintain income growth and increase net interest rates. Under the employee incentive scheme, the company will add at least three new synthetic biology products each year to the system of synthetic biology that are officially produced and generated.
Commercial production of listed products will mark a successful shift from resource-factor-driven to technological innovation-driven, thereby achieving a steady increase in corporate efficiency. Colombote: anadc pipeline is about to harvest.
In terms of the project, skb264 (trop2adc) was the main clinical trial for the treatment of 3l+mtnbc.
The end-point is expected to be the submission of an Nda application by the end of 2023, and it is expected that 2024h2 will be approved for listing. In addition, more than one clinical study on the joint treatment of multiple tumors is under way in Skb264, of which Skb264 and kl-a167 (anti-pd-l1 unit) are working on the first phase of the first line treatment of tnbc patients.
In fact, 86% orr, 100% dcr, we watch the combination of clinical advances and follow-up. A167 (pd-l1) 3lnpc adaptive disorders have been submitted to Nda, and it is hoped that the company will evaluate the colon drug industry (002422);
Approved at 2023H2-2024h1, the 3-clinical treatment of npc for a167 combined chemotherapy first-line treatment has grown steadily, with three major plates resonating to complete patient integration.a166 (her2adc) is based on the critical ii period of 3l+her2+mbc
Data, submitted in May of this year, a140 submission has been made to open up long-term growth space with the accumulation of technological advances in the adc field. • Investment proposals: steady growth of corporate fluid plates, and higher prices for raw materials and intermediates.
I. The Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry: Simultaneous combinations, the Big Infusion Dragons, the Second Growth Curve, the company started with the Big Infusion, built up antibiotics and accelerated the transformation of innovation. The Cullen Medicines industry was founded in 1996 as the Sichuan Corlen Medicines Plant. In 1999, the company expanded its gmp to become the largest major infusion student in the country.
From 2004 to 2009, the company’s market was ranked first in the major infusion industry. On 3 June 2010, the Cullen pharmaceutical industry was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, setting up the Trunchin Beast in Xinjiang the same year and setting up an antibiotic field. In 2016, Colombote was founded as a conglomerate of the Cullen pharmaceutical industry, focusing on innovative drug research and development.
Three major authorized partnerships, with a total contract value of nearly $11.8 billion, were the largest biopharmaceutical cooperation in the world in the year; and Trunchin was successfully listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange’s business board. In July 2023, Colombote was placed on the market at the Hong Kong border, marking the new journey of Colin’s innovative research and development and globalization.
The company’s first shareholder is Chairman Liu Xuan, who holds 25.7% of the shares, and his share is more decentralized. The company has local subsidiaries and production lines to ensure the market share of the fluids, including Hunan Collen, Henan Collen, Lake Norte Collen, Shandong Collen, your state Collen, Cyan Likang and other subsidiaries engaged in production or marketing; it has numerous controls.
Among its subsidiaries, Ishao Trunchin and Sichuan Colombote are listed companies, holding 72.43 per cent and 53.54 per cent respectively, which are the subjects of antibiotics and innovative pharmaceutical operations in the Cullen pharmaceutical industry. Figure 2: Corporate equity structure (as of August 2023)
In 2019-2022, income from the company’s main business, which had exceeded its 2021 year-long net profit for mothers, fell in 2020, mainly because of the impact of the new coronary epidemic, the impact of non-epidemiological clinic work in medical institutions, and the resulting decline in the volume and gross profit of the year from the sale of fluids, non-infusion medicines, and the resulting decline in the cost of medical services.
In the following two years, the company has worked hard to expand the market for its products, optimize the structure of its liquid products, and the continued release of new approved generics has led to an increase in income and profits in 2021 and 2022. In terms of the business structure, the infusion product has been overwhelmingly dominated, despite fluctuations in the income of the fluid plate in the last five years.
Environmental impacts and collections have continued to advance, with sales of some of the liquid products falling and operating revenues of the company ' s liquid plates falling to $9,452 million, representing a total income of 49.97 per cent and a profit of $6,027 million, representing 60.55 per cent of the total Māori; non-infusion plates have been well developed (mainly inclusive of income and generic pharmaceuticals), with revenues and profits on the rise, reaching $8,274 million in 2022, representing a proportionate share of the revenue.
II. Large infusion areas: Sitting at the forefront of the industry, providing a sustainable cash flow (i) The market pattern is stable and Collon is stable. Large infusions are usually liquid fungicides with a capacity greater than 50 ml and are fed directly by intravenous drips.
For bed use, the bulk infusion is broadly divided into five categories: body infusion, nutrient infusion, therapeutic infusion, expansion of blood capacity, infusion and dialysis infusion.
At present, the supply and demand of the big infusion industry is stable, with annual production at around 10 billion bottles (bags). As people ' s living standards rise and medical technology progresses, the market size of the infusion continues to grow, with a global market model of $56.75 billion in 2019 and is projected to reach $83.54 billion by 2026, an average annual growth rate of 5.4 per cent.
The infusion industry, as a branch of the pharmaceutical industry, has gone through three stages of disorderly development, orderly development, and initial integration, and is now in a deep integration phase, with a relatively stable and concentrated market pattern. But the concentration of our major infusion markets is still low compared to mature markets abroad, such as the U.S. Big infusion taps, which account for 80% of America’s market share, and Europe’s Big Infusion Market, which is the largest infusion market.
Four major companies, Featherius, Belang, Bermuda, and Famasia, share in Japan’s market share of Dato’s pharmaceutical industry. The current Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry, as the domestic leader of the bulk of the fluid, has stabilized in recent years at around 4.5 billion bags/bottles, with a city share of about 40%. In addition to the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry, the larger Translators have four meths, echin’s medicine industry, Hua Yun’s cranes, and four companies have joined together.
The city accounts for about 80 per cent of the total, but there is still room for an increase in the concentration of our major infusion markets abroad: 46.73 per cent of sales revenue; Ishigami drug group sales revenue of $5,594 million, or 27.65 per cent; and demand rehabilitation following the release of the disease in the Chinese cranes and eining medicine industry, with product upgrading leading to steady growth.
The size of the market and profitability are expected to recover. The market capacity of the major infusion is closely linked to the number of consultations in the country’s health-care institutions, where patients in hospital are largely treated as basic treatments, and where the number of beds and the number of in-patients increases can lead to an increase in demand and sales of the large infusion products. During the last three years of the epidemic, patients have been in hospitals.
As the impact of the epidemic diminishes, the number of patients and the number of fluids increases, which is expected to lead to a re-growth of the market. According to statistics, the number of consultations in 2022 was 8.4 billion, almost the same as in 2021; in 2023 q1 the number of consultations in 2023 was 1,588 million.
From January to March 2023, the number of consultations increased. In terms of the Māori rate, which was also affected by the epidemic and price wars within the industry, the level of Māori in major companies has been declining in recent years, from 2018 to 2022, with a decrease of 7.42 ptt in the Cullen drug industry ' s rate of Māori in the fluid plate.
Upgraded product packaging is expected to lead to higher profit margins. By type of packaging, liquid products can be divided into four categories: glass, plastic, soft bag and straight soft bag, with soft bags divided into pvc and non-pvc soft bag. Glass bottles are cheaper.
But the use of the air is constantly required to drop the fluids, make them susceptible to secondary contamination, and the use of the vials can cause a fine vascular embolism, which is gradually decreasing. The plastic bottles are light in weight, are easily transported, but less transparent, and there is still a secondary problem of contamination in the fluids. Soft bags use sealed fluids, with their own balancing pressure, to drip the medicine industry without introducing external air.
Since pvc soft bag packaging was produced in order to make the product packaging more transparent, with plasticizers that could cause adverse effects on the human body, in October 2010 the Ministry of Trade and Finance included the use of the fluid in the pvc soft bag in the catalogue of obsolete products, and currently the product of the large infusion market is mainly the product of non-pvc soft bag packaging.
Environmental problems, and the production process, pvc containing plasticization, long-term storage pvc soft bags, solves the problem of air pollution in semi-open fluids.
The internal quality of the reagent fluid, the patient ' s long-term use, easily affects its blood-producing function.
The third generation of liquid packagings is high in intensity, soft bags are small, and there is no need to worry about pollution. In recent years, the share of boars in the use of large fluids has been on a downward trend over the years, with plastic bottles and sacks on the whole rising.
More rapidly, with non-pvc soft bag sales growing at the fastest rate. Glass bottles now account for less than 20%, plastic bottles account for 40% of the market share but decrease each year, and soft bags and various new packages based on soft bags account for about 40% of the market.
With 60% of the U.S. Softbags, and 90% of the U.S. Softbags, despite a high degree of soft plasticization, are still relatively small in the country, and there is still much room for improvement in the replacement rate for plastic bottles. As people’s living standards rise, drug safety awareness increases, and medical technology advances, non-pvc Soft Bags will gradually replace boars, plastics, and pvc Soft Bags, which will grow.
The Māori rate for soft-bag products is significantly higher than for traditional packaging products. According to the Māori rate for sales of bottles, plastic bottles, non-pvc soft-bags from 2018 to 2022, the Māori rate for non-pvc soft-bag products is about 65%, which is significantly higher than for the other two products.
As the share of products such as non-pvc soft bags continues to increase, it is expected that the Māori ratio will increase further. In keeping with the concept of safe infusions, the Cullen Medicines industry continues to push for a safe closed alternative to semi-closed infusions.
Closed: Air is required to enter the container to generate pressure to ensure that the fluid is fed into the veins of the human body and is represented by a bobble and plastic bottle; full closed: the fluid process does not require external venting, but is imported into the human body through the container's own contraction, and is represented by a non-pvc soft bag. According to the company's annual report, the volume of closed fluids increased by 1.91 ptt in 2022.
It is suggested that flexible bag products are gradually replacing boar and plastic bottle products, and that the marketing structure of the infusion products is further optimized. Of these, bags and multi-room bags are uniquely innovative products with an autonomous intellectual property right for Collon, based on the accelerated replacement of new packaging products, and the public-sector infusion business structure is expected to improve further.
Since the launch of the multi-room bag project in 2008, the Cullen pharmaceutical industry has broken technical barriers, with liquid-liquid double bag products (Domongje) and triple bag products (Dotty) listed in 2017 as the country's first home. Over a dozen multi-bag products have been approved, and two powder-liquid double bag products, two liquid-liquid double bag products and two triple bag products have been approved since 2023.
Listed. With the company ' s main products ranging from glass bottle packaging to plastic bottle packaging, soft bag packaging, to stand-alone bags, multi-room bag packing, large fluid safety, enhanced closedness, and increased unit prices, the company ' s fluid business structure continues to improve, and the Māori rate of the fluid plate is expected to increase further.
(iii) Continued abundance of listed varieties, rapid capture of intestinal nutrients products 2022, 63 approvals for company infusion medicines and 30 approvals from 1 January to 31 July 2023.
Projects such as fat milk/amino acid (16)/glucose (30%) electrolytic injection fluids have been approved to further strengthen the company’s product lines in areas such as intestinal nutrition, reproductive health, anaesthetic pain, anti-infection and diagnostic imaging.
According to iqvia data, the global market for intestinal nutrition was close to RMB 10 billion in 2019, and China accounted for 36%, or about $3.6 billion.
In 2022, the company continuously restructured its varieties and expanded its coverage to become a leading domestic company in the field of intestinal nutrition products on the basis of the winning bid in three product countries, generating a sales income of 1,186 million yuan, or 12.55% of the income from infusion products. In 2022, the company sold more than a dozen intestinal nutrition products.
Significant expansion in the range of wide-intestinal nutrient products and in the range of intestinal nutrients outside the fat milk. With the approval of intestinal nutrients, the rapid expansion of market sales and the introduction of new production lines for intestinal nutrients, the additional capacity will be further released this year, contributing to the rapid release of intestinal nutrients.
The fat emulsifiable acid (17)/glucose (11%) injection fluid (Dot) is a large company stock, and in 2021, in the fifth round of national collections, sales prices fell and sales earnings fell by 64.86% in 2022, compared to the same year. Non-collective fat milk (10%)/amino acid (15)/glucose (20%) injection fluids continued to be developed and validated in hospitals after team formation
The urban share rose sharply to 77%. Medium/long-chain fat milk injections (c8~24ve) and long-chain fat milk injections (many quantities) of thallium-3 fish oils were successful in the fifth round of the national collection in 2021, and were eligible for selection and admission in 10 and 15 provinces, respectively, 2022. Table 7: Share of market sales of major intestine-based nutrients products in China in 2022
Trionning Organisms: A high price of antibiotics intermediates, steady performance of synthetic biology (i) and a further development of energy from a reduction in efficiency.
The leading companies in the market for pelvic intermediates, of which sulphate sulphate, sulphate intermediates, and penicillin intermediates, are among the leading industries in the country and form a solid scale advantage. The main products include sulfur, one of which is the production line for sulphate, one of which is the head sulphate, two of which is the production line for bears, and one of which is the crude production line for deoxychotic acid, with a total capacity of about 16,000 tons/year.
The cyanide erythrocyte, the cephate intermediate (7-aca, 7-adca, d-7aca), the penicillin intermediate (6-apa, penicillin-g potassium salt), the bear deoxychotic rough products, the auxiliary enzyme o10 filaments, etc. are one of the leading companies in the field of domestic antibiotics intermediates, full product types and more advanced production processes.
Table 8: The use of the antibiotics intermediate for various product uses. Kawaning bios perform well and have a more balanced product structure. In the last five years, Kawaning Bis' gross operating income has fluctuated from 3.0-4 billion to 3.82 billion yuan in 2022 and $412 million in net return profits, respectively, at the same rate of increase.
The growth rate was 21.84 per cent and 64.82 per cent, respectively, and performance was good. In terms of the structure of operations, the share of income generated by the products of penicillin was about 36 per cent; the ratio of sulphate to cyanide was over 30 per cent and had been rising in recent years; the ratio of income from the products of the sulphate was below 30 per cent and had been declining in recent years; and the income from the auxiliary q10 fungi powder, bear deoxychoic acid was lower, at less than 1 per cent, and other industries were less than 1 per cent.
In 2022, the company returned to its mother ' s net profit of $412 million at a rate of up to 5%. The efficiency gains are evident and are gradually entering a new growth cycle.
(ii) Downstream demand continues to expand, and the volume of major products increases. Antibiotics will continue to be important in the pharmaceutical market for a long time. While the size of China’s anti-infection drug market has slowed in recent years, as the country has managed the abuse of antibiotics, anti-infection drugs are the basis of the market.
The size of our market for antibiotics reached 1945 billion in 2022, the overall rate of growth in the industry remained at over 4 per cent, the rising standard of living of the population combined with the improvement of our health-care system and the overall advancement of the new medical reform and the new farm policy, and it is expected that future market demand for anti-infection drugs will continue to grow steadily and that medicines will grow in the country.
In 2011, the country’s capacity for sulphatic cyanide sulphate rose to 10,000 tons, but, under the influence of limited policy resistance and environmental pressure, many manufacturers have withdrawn from production in recent years. Markets are monopolistic, and Ichangdong Sunshine Pharmaceuticals is the largest company in the world today.
The market for sulfur cyanide is 50.13%, followed by the Tunning organism, with an annual capacity of 3,000 tonnes and a market of 43.86%. Global demand for sulphate is now about 9,000 tonnes/year, and the market is still slightly more than supply in the short term.
Prices have risen and are currently at around $500/kg. Sulphur cyanide exports have risen substantially. In January-June 2023, exports of sulphatic cyanide totalled about 667 tons and exports totalled about $39.91 million, with an average export price of $58.33/kg; exports have increased by 46 per cent over the same period, significantly higher than the same period, with a total export value of approximately $3.99 million.
The average price is slightly higher; the average price for exports in June was $57.70 per kilogram, with little price volatility. Exporters include mainly Shenzhen (global api service provider), Ishakawan, Ning Shathai Yi-Hin, and East Sunshine, the main importers being India, Malaysia, and Thailand.
7-acca is the key intermediate for schizosters, which is now the leading player in the international market for antibiotics. The species of supremons are almost all semi-synthetic products, i.e., the fission of septocinc, which is based on a condensed chemical chain of 7-acaca, so that 7-aca is the key intermediate for synthetic supremols. The global demand for the supremic medicine intermediate is more than 6,000 tons, with domestic capacity.
In terms of prices, the market price for the 7-aca-enzyme method rose slightly in the first half of 2022 to $550 per kilogram and is currently at normal levels of $450 per kilogram.
The price of 7-adca has been rising for the last two years, and has remained stable at $500/kg since March 2023.
6-apa is an important intermediate in the production of semi-synthetic antibiotic silicone silicon (sodium) and amosilin, which are important export varieties; integrated biological fermentation is generally used, with high investment in production chains, high sewage treatment, high environmental requirements and current overcapacity, and the National Directory of Industrial Restructuring Guidance restricts entry of new firms into the industry, so 6-pa rows
There are high barriers to industry. The demand for the 6-apa market is now about 30,000 tonnes/year, with the highest capacity of domestic firms being federal pharmaceuticals, with an annual capacity of about 24,000 tonnes; the Wichida production capacity is about 7,000 tonnes/year, but it is not yet full; and the Chon Ning bio production capacity is about 7,700 tonnes/year, with a market share of 18%, ranked second. On the price side, market prices for 6-apa have been rising in recent years, but are now stable.
In the high figure of $370 per kilogram, the volume and amount have increased and export prices have been flat compared to the same period last year. Exporters include Xin Sein, Ishakawaning, Wichida, Pulo, and federal pharmaceuticals, mainly from India, Mexico, Spain, Singapore, and Pakistan.
Synthetic biology, through a engineering approach, reconfigures the functional codes of organisms, e.g. enzymes, synthetic pathways and metabolics of chalk cells, regulatory networks, to design a new life form with new functions, and to complete a new science for specific uses.
By designing, adapting or even recombining organisms in a targeted manner, biology can achieve new ways of producing material processing and synthesis using synthetic organisms as a tool. As a result of significant advances in the fields of genetic synthesis, editing, synthetic biology has evolved into a model of research and development and fermentation centred on "design-building-testing-learning" (dbtl cycle)
Large production models. Because of multidisciplinary intersections, high demand for technology, cost control, research and development personnel, synthetic biology is strong. Figure 37: Synthetic biology in the dbtl cycle of synthetic biology as an integrated platform with direct output vectors of germ species, catalytic enzymes and processes, downstream response.
For specific scenarios to get the final product and achieve the ultimate value. For chemicals, intermediates, and additives, there is also a need to extend to more applied properties in order to achieve the maximum value at the end. At the same time, some of the tools used in synthetic biology, such as gene sequencing and dna synthesis, have already achieved publicization services, and the tool layer constitutes an independent system.
The main applications of synthetic biology are medical health, scientific research, industrial chemicals, food beverages, agriculture and consumer goods, with better prospects for development and greater scope for growth in all fields.
The analysis of cbinsights shows that the global synthetic biology market reached $5.3 billion in 2019. By 2024, the combined biology market is expected to reach $18.9 billion, with an average compound growth rate of 28.8 per cent in 2019-2024; in the medical health plate, figure 39: the scale of the synthetic biology market in 2017-2024e (in millions of United States dollars)
The sharpcombs (Thonning Institute of Biology Shanghai) are fully-funded subsidiaries of the Trentin Biology and are the subject of the company's development in the area of synthetic biology, where the product areas will be organized around health-care raw materials, bio-pesticides, high-value-added natural products, high-end cosmetics raw materials.
Research is innovative and advanced in the construction of intelligent and efficient engineering loops for the design, construction, testing and learning of bacteria through the development of a platform for the top-down design of computing bacteria, the construction and screening of automated high-throughput bacteria, a platform for the optimization of multiscale fermentation processes and a large data analysis and machine learning platform, and in order to produce high performance through multiple rotations that fully meet the requirements of industrialization.
Engineering bacteria produced to overcome the limitations of traditional biological breeding and to significantly improve R & D efficiency. The company now has five high-quality types of cervix, including coliforms, yeast, streptococcals, sculacillus, gluc acid-like bacterium. The research and development product focuses mainly on natural health and cosmetic raw materials with high value added, biopesticides, etc.
Molecular blocks, medically-American materials, and kinetic products. Since its inception, the sharpcombs have developed platforms for sugar-based compounds, ammonia-based acid derivatives, buttoxone-based compounds, and thorium-based compounds that extend 100+ compounds. In addition, companies have 7 million plus autonomous ip enzymes, 2000+ real enzymes toolboxes, virtual screening, and full-scale simulations, using multiple metabolic pushes.
Power-driven synthesis of products. In 2022, RBP has delivered products such as edol, 5-hydroxyhexyl amino acid, wheat horn sulfur to the Thoning organism through autonomous research and development, in which fermentation levels and purity of edol have reached high levels and have been successfully tested for production, 5-hexyl amino acid,
In 2023, the company proposed to invest in a “green recycling industrial park” in Ishao, Kazakhstan Autonomous Region of Xinjiang Uighur, with the construction of 300 tons of annual production of red ethanol, 300 tons of hydroxylated sulfur, 0.5 tons of wheat horn sulfur, and Ikdoin.
The implementation of this project is an important part of the company's two-wheel drive strategy and is a key step in the completion of the company's synthetic biology selection - R & D - large-scale production of whole-sector chain layouts, synthesizing ethanol, 5-hydroxyaminoic acid, wheat horn sulfur, etc.
Commercial production of biological series products will mark a successful shift from resource-factor-driven to technological innovation-driven by companies, and a steady increase in corporate efficiency.
From synthetic biology selections, research and development, to large-scale production of the entire industrial chain, it increases the cost advantage. In addition to the growth in the volume of new production, synthetic biology can also give rise to the conventional advantage of using its light assets, low energy consumption, and high selectivity to achieve efficiency gains.
It shows that synthetic biomanufacturing can reduce energy consumption, waste consumption, waste emissions and air, water and soil pollution in industrial processes in order to significantly reduce production costs and increase industrial competitiveness. As synthetic biology continues its theoretical and technological breakthroughs, synthetic biology techniques are used to further transform existing antibiotics intermediates in Thonin to produce bacteria to increase fermentation intensity and reduce new production.
Average product R & D cycle, reducing product underperformance, adding to its green, energy-efficient advantages, could lead to further cost savings, IV. Non-infusion medicines: multi-sector drive, growth of new varieties significant through sustained market expansion, improved market coverage, restructuring of products, sustained promotion of new approved varieties
The impact of multiple external factors, such as national and local collections, was strongly addressed, with companies achieving a sales income of $4,126 million in 2022, an increase of 5.51 per cent over the same period. In terms of profitability, the Māori ratio of companies ' non-revenue plates fluctuated with the product changes, but the overall V.C. There were three varieties of men ' s fields, and the Oscid Dharma was maintained throughout the country in 2022.
First, sales revenue of $322 million, an increase of 41.13 per cent over the same period; the first domestic listing in July 2020 of the unsubsidized land of hydrochloric acid; and the western part of the country, which was the company’s approved varieties in 2022 and the company’s focus in 2023. The company has implemented full-scale coverage of the hospital market, the otc chain market, Internet platforms, etc. in the male field, while actively exploring items.
Card marketing, fast-tracking of the "okman" brand in the collenco male field, central nervous field, where Acetic Plum (Bolothe) was the first successful product of the company's national collection, affected by the renewal of the bid by the national coalition of provinces and the fall in prices, with sales revenue of $344 million in 2022, a decrease of 17.74 per cent in the same year; and hydrogen bromine acid.
In the third round of the competition, the Western Xi Phlan (Hitherland) won 15 provinces, largely covering the national antidepressant market in conjunction with the chosen province of Bellothe; the company ' s first-largest species of Onitrogen tablets (Shalonen) in the treatment of schizophrenia came to the market in 2021, achieving a full-line layout of the central nervous field.
The external market also has active access to unrecorded hospitals, with sales revenue increasing by 145.55% on a year-on-year basis. The CPP/LLEC (Cobian) is the fourth national competitive range for centralized drug purchases, benefiting from the continued use of the selected regions and the continued power of the company marketing system, with sales revenue increasing by 25.93% on a year-on-year basis.
As a result of the increase in the number of non-infusion medicines approved, sales in the non-infusion sector of companies are expected to continue to grow. In terms of collection, the seventh instalment countries have selected five products; by the time of the eighth batch, 22 non-infusion drug collection projects have been selected.
Columbote: pioneers in the field of adc, high-level internationalization operations (i) three platforms that contribute to the enrichment of the pipeline, and international cooperation that demonstrates the capacity for research and development.
Associated (adc) pioneers and one of the leading developers have accumulated more than a decade of experience in the development of adc. The company has established three core platforms focusing on adc, big molecules, and small molecules, respectively, as a basis for the discovery and development of innovative drugs to meet medical needs in specific areas of disease, such as oncology, autoimmunology and metabolic diseases.
The entire process of research and development of drug patterns can be integrated into cross-cutting synergies achieved at critical stages of drug development. With the support of three platforms, and with the certification of candidate drugs at the clinical stage, the research and development pipelines in Colombo have a diversity of drug models, mechanisms, and adaptive coverage, and have a synergistic effect on these.
Universal or difficult cancers, such as breast cancer (bc), non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc), gastrointestinal tract cancer (gi) (including gastrointestinal cancer (gc) and colon cancer (crc)), as well as high number of patients and unsatisfied non-resistible non-inflammatory diseases and conditions. As of June 2023, the company had set up 14 lines for candidate drugs for the clinical phase, 5 of which were in the pipeline.
In 2022, Colombote entered into three major deals with Mossadón, with up to nine innovative adc projects and platforms, totalling nearly $11.8 billion, which created a record of foreign authorization of Chinese innovation medicines, not only internationally awarded in China ' s pharmaceutical industry.
Right-to-trade was ranked first in history, and in 2022 was awarded the highest level of authorized trade cooperation in the global pharmaceutical industry. Cooperation with Mercado was an important endorsement of the Colomboteadc technology platform and the adc project, which combines the deep and extensive global development capacity of Mercado with the innovative capacity of Colombote and will create a huge synergy for the development and commercialization of cooperative projects.
By the end of the year, Mercado also became the second largest investor in the Collomboteb Round of Finance, and these partnerships will facilitate the creation of Colombo as a global, innovative biopharmaceutical company. In addition, the company has a cooperative project with llipses and harbourbiomed on a400 and a167.
(ii) adc products: skb264 with great potential, a166 has submitted to Nda 1.skb264: the demand for the Chinese front line trop2adc innovative trop2adc is far from being met. trop2 is a clinically valuable target for adc because
It is overexpressed in a variety of high or difficult cancers and has a low heterogeneity. Trop2adc, which is also the backbone of potential combination therapy combined with other treatments (e.g. chemotherapy, target-to-target treatment, and immunotherapy), shows co-operation in anti-cancer activity in various pre-cancer and clinical studies.
Despite the good clinical activity of trodelvy, serious adverse effects associated with severe moderate particle cell reduction (i.e. lower than normal in blood) and severe diarrhoea were warned by the fda black box. As a result, the need for innovative trop2adc, which is limited in toxicity and maintains strong anti-cancer activity, remains extremely high.
The table below shows the major cancers that are often overexpressed by trop2, including several of the highest or difficult cancers, indicating the great market potential of the innovative trop2adc. It is worth noting that trop2 has one of the highest levels of overexpression in bc (including tnbc and hr+/her2-bc) and nsclc (skb264 major adaptive disorders).
In addition to the skb264, the trodelvy of Giled Science and the third-combined ds-1062 are the only two paragraphs and the skb264 in the world for the tri-stage or more-stage trop2adc of the same pre-guided adaptive disorder. Currently, the trodelvy of Gilled Science is the only trodelvy that has been approved by the United States for late tnbc, late uc, and
Hr+/her2-bc trop2adc is also the only trop2adc approved by the National Drug Control Authority for the late tnbc, with a global gain of $680 million in 2022. There are three trodelvy candidate drugs globally in two or more phases, including skb264, trodelvy (the drug code is immu-132) and ds-1062.
Competing, skb264 is also at the absolute leading level, and the current major competitors, the ec-002 and the poems, the effg-401 of the M.O.O./N.B., are in the i/ii clinical phase, and the skb264, which has acquired the title of the breakthrough treatment, will be listed at a much faster pace, so that skb264 is likely to be the first.
Positioned as the first Chinese national product, trop2adc, skb264, using differentiated drug designs that improvedc stability and maintain arc bioactivity, thereby increasing its target orientation and reducing its de-targeting and de-magnification toxicity, is expected to lead to treatment windows.
In July 2022, skb264 was awarded cde breakout therapy for treatment of local late or transferable tnbc; in May 2022, the right of exclusive development and commercialization of kkb264 outside the Greater China District was granted to Mossadong; in January 2023, the treatment of egfr-tki for ineffectual egfr mutagenic end of nsclc; and again in June 2023, the cde.
In August 2023, the Colombo Proclamation announced that skb264 was used for the treatment of non-surgical late-stage, relapse or transferary tnbc patients ii, who had undergone at least second-line system chemotherapy.
The early validity figures for skb-264 are significantly higher compared to other competitions, where 40 per cent and 43.6 per cent of the orr tested during the tnbc and nsclc clinical ii period were significantly higher than the other two; while blood toxicity remains inevitable, there is no cessation or death due to adverse reactions.
Given the high over-expression rate of trop2 in tnbc and nsclc, and in conjunction with the good results of tnbc and nsclc displayed by skb in the ii clinical trials, we can assume that the target population of future tnb264 is mainly tnbc patients, followed by nsclc patients. As a result of the findings of the breakthrough therapy, the speed of approval for listing may increase.
2.a166: The strong competitor of her2adc is her2 as a cytochrome receptor, expressed in a variety of normal tissues, but it can be expressed through the overexploitation of tumor cells to promote abnormal growth and survival, resulting in bc and gi cancers such as gc, crc and edible cancers.
As a result, her2 has been a mature target for anti-cancer drugs and has been successfully treated with her2 target direction in a variety of ways, of which her2adc is one of the most recent clinically proven strategies. The table below highlights the main cancers that her2 often overexpresses.
Three of her2dcs have now been put on the market in China, including the Viducito single resistance of the Eungchang creature, the Nmetriotol protest of Rhodes, the Viducito single resistance of June 2021, and the sale of 200 million yuan at China’s public health facilities in 2022. According to Frost Sullivan, in 2022, the Nmetriotol single resistance and the Viducito single stand in the middle.
The market share of her2adc drugs is 34.4% and 65.6%, respectively, and Enhertu was approved in February 2023. Of the three drugs, the Euncule toads were used for the treatment of her2+bc and her2+bc in the early stages; Vidisi for the treatment of her2+gc and her2+uc in the late stages; and enhertu for the treatment of her2+bc in the late stages.
Nine state-owned her2adc candidate drugs for bc are in stage 2 or more. A multi-cancer adaptation to high morbidity rates and high medical needs is expected to be the country’s first treatment for her2 positive (her2+)bc. Based on the initial results of the i-dose increment study and the ongoing 1b test,a166 is overheavy.
Even though the treatment of her2+bc patients and her2+gc patients at the end of the period showed good therapeutic effects and differentiated safety relative to herds, enhertu and Aedish, the incidence of blood, gastrointestinal tract and lung toxicity was low in the comparison of non-head-to-head cross-tests. Although a166 showed a high incidence of neuro-related toxicity in and around the eye, the toxicity was reversible and generally good.
Good control. The results show that a166 has the potential to expand the treatment options for late-stage her2+ real cancer patients with different susceptibility to adverse drug reactions. Based on the main analysis, a166 has reached the main end point of its critical ii test for late Her2+bc, which was presented to the National Drug Control Service in May 2023.
In addition to the pilot phase, Colombote also conducted multiple 1b clinical trials in China for a166, exploring the potential of a166 for the treatment of other late-stage her2+ (including gc and crc).
2022asco annual conference 4.8 and 6.0 mg/kga166 group of 58 her2+bc patients who were previously treated with her2 target direction with median
36 orr of her2 positive breast cancer cases assessed for therapeutic effects received four-line treatments, including 100 per cent (58/58) for curly bead resistance, 94.8 per cent (55/58) for her2tki, 32.8 per cent (19/58) for Pattoly discrimination and
Low breast cancer results are 1 pr, 2 sd and 1 pd. 20.7% (12/58) are currently receiving treatment against her2adc, of which 8 t-dm1, median pfs have not yet been reached, and 59% of patients currently disclosing data are still receiving it.
Three were treated by arx-788 and one by taa-013.a166 as a whole orr is treated and the alert patient is still benefiting. One patient in the 4.8 mg/kg dose group received 70.7% (41/58), 4.8 mg/kg and 6.0 mg/kg queued orr was 73.9%, respectively.
A166 has been treated for more than 19 months, 11.5 and 8.3 months, respectively.
The incidence of adverse effects associated with treatment at any level in the group (traes) was 31.6 per cent (18/57 per cent).
100%, with a higher incidence of 3-rate tres, perceptive pertussis (34.5%), visual (19.3%), low sodium sepsis (19.3%). The common 3-level tres include osmosis (22.4%) on corneas and ulcers (10.3%).
Psychiatry (17.5%), hypophosphorus (5.3%) and eye disease (5.3%). 4 patients can recover after a drug-adjusted and treated treatment for an adverse eye event. 2 cases of severe adverse events (sae) may be related to the study of drugs, blood, respectively.
3.skb-315: Mossatun's aid, leading research and development, cldn18.2 is a cell-connected protein, which is strictly confined to the inner layer of the stomach mucus membrane or gastric wall, and which is normally limited to the innermost layers of the stomach wall.
In addition to gc, cldn18.2 was found to be overexpressed in various organ tumours (e.g. pancreas and esophagus cancers) that were not usually expressed. cldn18.2 was selected in part.
The distribution of the most invasive cancers makes cldn18.2 an attractive candidate for the development of target-oriented therapies, including new treatments such as adc. cldn18.2 is a relatively new target for cancer drugs, and no cldn18.2 is currently available globally.
There are currently 13 cldn18.2adc candidate drugs in clinical development globally, most of which are in the early clinical trial phase, adc, leading in-country research and development. In June 2022, Colombote handed out skb315 (currently in the 1a clinical trial phase) to Mossatung.
Commercialization rights. Using differential payload-connection sub-design and self-developed human-sourced cldn18.2 antibodies, skb315 shows good efficacy and safety in several models of intra-clinic tumours expressed in heterogeneous cldn18.2, indicating that they have good therapeutic potential and are expected to move faster to global commercialization with the help of Mossatón.
(iii) Non-adc products: steady progress, reinforced pipe line 1.kl-a167: pd-l1 anti-cancer therapy with skb co-opt potential has become an integral part of cancer treatment. pd-1, its formulations pd-l1 and ctla-4 have become widespread.
Three test sites are considered to be the most clinically proven. Since the National Drug Control Authority approved the first pd-1 in 2018 and the first pd-l1 in 2019, China’s pd-(l) 1 single counter-market has grown rapidly, as pd-(l) 1 is included in the first and second-line treatment for multiple cancer adaptive disorders.
Each year, China’s pd-(l) 1-monopoly market was 18.3 billion yuan, and since 2022 it is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 12.9 per cent to 48.3 billion yuan in 2030.a167 is expected to be the first commercial product and the primary product of the immune treatment line in Cologne, which will be used for the treatment of relapses or conversions.a167
The Nda application for transient nasal cancer (rm-npc) was submitted to the National Drug Control Service in November 2021 and is expected to be marketed in the second half of 2023 or the first half of 2024. Colombote is actively exploring the potential of a167 combined adc assets as early-line treatment to maximize the clinical value of the oncology tubes, starting with two trials currently under way.
Point, including a skb264 jointa167 (joint or non-combined chemotherapy) as a 2nd test of late egfr wildlife and egfr mutagenic nsclc early treatment and a 2nd test of late tnbc combineda167: expected to become China's first Xintosque antibiotic analogue
Egfr is a cell surface receptor that plays a key role in promoting cellular growth and multiple signals for survival. China’s egfr single counter-market increased from RMB 800 million in 2017 to RMB 4.1 billion in 2022, with a compound annual growth rate of 37.3%, and is expected to enter the bio-like drug market and launch a new egfr mono-resist.
At 10.6 billion yuan in 2030, a composite annual growth rate of 12.8 per cent since 2022, two types of egfr resistance have now been approved in China, and two Xindols are in phase 3 or a140, a key three-stage bio-like drug against Xindol.a140 is expected to be in progress.
The country’s first-ever antibiotic analogue, which is expected to be submitted and accepted, provides greater accessibility and affordability for the treatments widely used for many cancers (from the rat sapoma virus to the wild mcrcc, relapse and/or transferability of hnscc (rm-hnscc) and local later hnscc (la-hnscc).
The high demand in China and its inclusion in the national health catalogue were driven by the high demand for Quoteau (sales under brand name Afford), with the annual sales in 2022 of Quetosha in Asia and the Pacific amounting to approximately €441 million.a140 proved equivalency with Quote Pharmacy (pk) in one trial, and clinical equivalency was assessed in a key three-stage trial.
VI. Profit forecasting and valuation analysis (i) operating income and acceleration analysis projections 1)
The gradual release of the company ' s intestine nutrients and the increase in the share of the company ' s high-end infusion products, such as stubble bags, multi-cavage bags, etc. 2) Non-infusion plates: the company ' s non-infusion plates contain mainly raw materials and intermediates, as well as the company ' s new imitation operations, in which the company ' s main products, Cyclopin, sulphate, sulphate, etc., will contribute steadily
Income and profit gains, new synthetic biology products will raise the overall profitability level of Kawaning and achieve the objective of reducing efficiency gains, and the non-revenue medicine component will maintain an over-evaluation of about 30 products per year, a cumulative collection and an outreach strategy for intra- and intra-firm formulations, as well as a stable performance contribution from public non-revenue plates.
3) Research and development projects and innovative medicines: Columbote's innovative product a167 (pd-l1) co-operative chemotherapy treatment for re-emerging problems The treatment of nasal cancer is expected to be approved with conditions at the end of this year or the first half of next year, and skb264 (trop2-adc) single drug for the treatment of triple-negative breast cancer, which is expected to be approved at the end of this year and later next year, Nda.
Major infusion plate: based on net interest rate levels for the e-Hin and meth four (net interest rate for the sale of the e-Hin medicine industry in mid-2023 is the first in the major infusion industry, followed by continuous replacement of high-end products such as bags, the infusion plate will continue to stabilize.
Contribution of income and profits, resulting in a slightly higher level of valuation of large infusion plates than the industry average, 2023, 14 times thepe, corresponding municipality Simulation of pharmaceutical plates: net interest rate levels based on the Kyoto New Pharmacy, the Lyju Group, the Health Dollar (net interest rates reported to the Kyoto New Pharmacy Industry in mid-2023, net return of the pharmaceutical plates to mothers amounting to $768 million ($844 million/$929 million) and reference to comparable companies, the Kyoto New Pharmacy Industry, the Rydews, etc.
Group, health meta-value valuation, 14 times pe in 2023, corresponding to a market value of $10.8 billion. Raw materials medicine and intermediates: based on the level of the Thonim net interest rate, the expected contribution of raw materials medicine and intermediate plates is derived from the mother ' s net profit of 449 million RMB 5018 million/601 million (72.43 per cent of the Tshon Ning biosynthetic biology) due to the development of the Tshon Ning biosynthetic biology.
Rapidly, and with at least three synthetic biology projects delivered each year, and gradually spreading the profits, and with a good competitive pattern in the field of antibiotics, Trunchin is in the vanguard, with reference to comparable company shares in Tianwoo, Orient and Borret medicine, giving raw materials 30 times the price of the intermediate plate in 2023, corresponding to a market value of $13.5 billion.
Innovative Pharmacator Blocks: We have summarized the forecasts of the end-of-clinic line sales in Colombo, estimating a peak gross revenue of approximately $3,844 million for the year 2023-2032 for the company ' s main varieties. The specific assumptions and basis of the dcf model, for example, based on a sensitivity analysis, are that the reasonable market value of Colombo is $16,793 million, attributed to the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry.
A reasonable market value range of $8.815 billion, a steady increase in the Köln drug industry ' s large infusion plates, a rise in the price of raw materials and intermediates, a higher level of external authorization by Kölombote, and a lower rate of product registration than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.