The three major business plates are new, innovation drives the long-term positive shift towards the “triple-driven” final harvest, innovation drives the new growth curve, and in the broader context of a more complex external environment and the continued deepening of the pharmaceutical sector, companies insist that “three”
The development strategy is driven by innovation, growth, and seeks to implement the 20-word business management approach of “full innovation, full-scale marketing, saturation production, compressed costs, and creation of the Blue Sea”. Over the years, companies have maintained a “triple-driven” strategy centred on “big infusion plus antibiotic plus new drug research and development” and are passing through it.
In the wake of changes in industries such as collectors, there was a significant revival of the infusion business, a successful landing of the Trunchin creature, and a near-seafall of Colombote. In the first half of 2023, the company performed well, with an increase of 17.64 per cent in revenue.
• Large infusions: market patterns have stabilized, firm leadership has been consolidated, company prices have been compared to 300 deep trends, the area of fluids has evolved over the years, and market patterns have stabilized.
Upgraded product structures, new product promotion, medical terminal development, and market access actively seek to increase sales. In keeping with the concept of safe fluids, companies continue to promote a safe, closed fluid replacement of semi-closed fluids, with sales of closed fluids increasing by 3.7 percentage points, or 52.4%, compared to the same year.
The marketing structure of the products has been further optimized; efforts have been made to promote the marketing of newly approved liquid products and to improve the quality of the sales: strengthening internal incentives to enhance the development of the end-of-health market, including through equity incentives; insisting on pre-accession and active participation in national and local collections, with the following:
In the first half of 2023, Ishachuanning based on saturation, research and development based on scientific innovation.
The target was concentrated in the areas of health-care raw materials, bio-pesticides, high-value-added natural products, high-end cosmetics, biodegradable materials, and in the first half of the year, operating income was 2,417 million yuan, or 21.84 per cent more than the same year, and net profit was 391 million yuan, or 64.82 per cent more than the same year.
Re-evaluation of scientific production systems, timely restructuring of production structures, adequate matching of existing production capacity design and personnel, and improved utilization of production capacity; continuous improvement in product quality, precision development and expansion of downstream product markets; and the insistence of Guangxicolon on quality as a cornerstone through automation and automation of production equipment
Intelligent upgrading, reduced efficiency gains, and the gradual upgrading of the product structure have further boosted the impact in high-quality markets, resulting in a reversal of losses through production and marketing linkages. In the area of non-infusion medicines, companies have increased market input, improved market coverage, restructured products, and promoted new ones on a continuous basis.
• Innovative medicines: magnified high-end imitations, the next generation of adc taps rises, and the innovative drug company, Colombote, has been separated and officially docked in July 2023.
On several occasions, the company received large-scale piped cooperation from the multinational pharmaceutical company Meshadong, whose head line trop2adc has advanced to clinical stage 3, with 3-cancer breast cancer adaptive status declared as imminent, and 2-stage clinical treatment of non-small cell lung cancer in combined pd-1 overseas, which is being steadily advanced by the partner Meshadong.
The choice of differentiated development strategies based on actual business performance by the different new drug-plate companies resulted in good responses, and in the first half of 2023, corporate R & D investment reached $108,13,863,000, a year-on-year period that is expected to add new momentum to the growth of corporate performance and enhance competitiveness.
(b) Health spending is one of the important tools for achieving social equity and ensuring the health of the population, and it is also a measure of medicine.
According to the Bureau, in 2021, the operating income of the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry above size was 2,228.850 million yuan, an increase of 20.1 per cent in the same year; the total profit was $6,27.14 billion, an increase of 77.9 per cent in the same year; and the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry showed a steady trend. China has a large population base, which is accompanied by an accelerated process of population ageing and a steady increase in life expectancy.
A combination of positive factors, such as the rise in the number of births, the introduction of policies to support the improvement of fertility, and the continued growth of the innovative capacity of market agents, is expected to continue to be positive in the pharmaceutical sector.
The Cullen Pharmacy Industry is one of the largest pharmaceutical conglomerates in the country's industrial and ecological system, covering areas such as medicine development, pharmaceutical manufacturing and commercial circulation. It covers the marketing of pharmaceutical products, high-quality research, registration of domestic and foreign declarations, merit-based production on scale, marketing and marketing, and it covers the entire life of pharmaceutical products.
Companies are rated as state high-tech enterprises, state-innovated enterprises, state-inventive enterprises, and the country’s first model technology innovation companies.
A total of three enterprises were selected for a demonstration green factory and a pilot pilot project on the construction of a green manufacturing system in the Ministry of Trade and Finance, in the case of the Köln pharmaceutical industry and its subsidiaries, Ishachu Trunchin, and Hunan Köln: since 2013, the National Technical Centre for the Köln Pharmaceutical Industry has been evaluated as excellent by the National Development and Reform Commission five times in a row.
The company has a clear equity structure and a large number of subsidiaries, and Mr. Liu Xin, Chairman of the Colon Pharmaceuticals industry, holds 25.77% of the shares as the company's first shareholder in control of the company.
The Colon Pharmaceuticals industry holds 100% interest in more than a dozen subsidiaries located in Sichuan, Xinjiang, Hunan, Hubei, Guangxi, Precious, Shandong, Heilongjiang, Zhejiang, Shanghai, etc.
The board of directors is composed of eight directors, one of whom is a chairman and five independent directors; the senior management of the company has a certain level of authority.
Political background, rich and adequate drug research and development, clinical development, finance, management operations, etc.
The new growth development strategy, which has for many years focused on the development of research and development capabilities and systems for multi-technology categories, high-tech pharmaceutical products (high-end imitation, improved innovation and source innovation) of a fully functional platform, has established a number of national and provincial innovation platforms, such as the Centre for Research on Drug Engineering in New Drug Supply Systems and the National Enterprise Technologies.
The main products include anti-cancer, cardiovascular blood, anaesthetic pain, mental, anti-pathogenic microorganisms, nutrient fluids, respiratory, antiseptic hysteria, male specialists, sugar, etc.
In the field of diseases such as urinary diseases, hydrolysis balance, diagnostic imaging, hepatitis B. As of 30 June 2022, the company had 634 medical products of a total of 1,007 specifications, of which 132 were in the range of 297 and 420 were in the range of 626.
The company produces medicines classified by clinical application, with a total of 24 doses of 634 medicines.
In terms of development strategies, companies will continue to implement a “triple-driven, innovative growth” development strategy, through sustainability.
(a) Industrial innovation upgrading and variety restructuring to maintain Collon's leading position in the field of fluids: building competitive advantages in the antibiotics industry chain, from intermediates, raw materials to pharmaceuticals, through innovative exploitation of high-quality, self-sufficient resources;
1.4 The performance has improved significantly, and the future is expected to improve in a broader environment of more complex external environments and continued reform of the pharmaceutical industry, where companies insist on a “triple-driven, innovative growth” development strategy that seeks to implement “all-round innovation, full-scale marketing, saturated production, compressed costs, creation blues”
In the first half of 2023, the company achieved a net return profit of $1.402 billion, and, in parallel with Piti’s policy, was fully productive. The company’s overall business performance in 2021 was significantly higher than in 2020.
In the second quarter, there was a marked improvement in research and development inputs by the company. 2 In the area of fluids: restructuring, consolidation of leading position 2.1 context: end-of-life fluid taps
Large-volume injection fluids commonly referred to as large infusions (largevolumeparential, lvp), usually referred to as liquid sterilizers with a capacity equal to 50 ml and directly fed into the body by intravenous drips, which, according to their clinical use, are large infusion into five categories: body fluid balance, nutrient infusion, blood infusion expansion, therapeutic drug infusion
And dialysis. Since clinical applications, the packaging of liquid products has changed for three generations, and the package available in the country's fluid market consists mainly of four forms: boars, plastic bottles, non-pvc soft bags, and straight soft bags. Non-pvc soft bags and straight soft bags are the main directions of the technology for large infusion packaging.
In the case of large infusion packagings, the “touch bag” of many patented technologies, developed autonomously by the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry, was successfully launched in 2006 and represents the direction in which China will be developing future liquid packages, making a profound change in the pattern of the infusion industry.
The bag is the fourth new type of liquid packaging and packaging approved by the National Food and Drug Regulatory Authority (Sfda) following glass bottles, polypropylene bottles, non-pvc multi-layered condensed soft bags. It has the following four characteristics: (i) like a multi-layered condensed infusion bag, it can be used as a closed infusion without importing external air.
Effectively avoided secondary contamination. (ii) Increased number of weaknesses due to their ability to stand-up, to conform to clinical protocols for the formulation of bottling and plastic bottles, and to the operational habits of medical personnel, which overcome multiple layers of commolymbrane infusion bags that are unable to stand-up and that are not easy to process.
The product has been warmly welcomed and fully recognized by a wide range of health-care workers since its inception in 2006. (iii) The packageable material is specially adapted for polypropylene for medical use by the Japanese company Chisso.
Sexually, with the advantages of non-toxic, odour-free, chemically stable, corrosion-resistant, drug resistant fluid soaking, it is safer pharmacologically and suitable for transport and storage than other plastics. Dismantling products after waste bags are not toxic and completely avoid pollution and harm to the environment from medical waste treatment, which is an environmentally friendly product.
(iv) The product, which was a four-year-old KLN 50 million RMB successful innovation with autonomous intellectual property rights, was awarded the National Science and Technology Progress Award and several national patents, and was the latest technological achievement in the fluids industry. Models such as sculpting and blowing bottles for the production of bags were designed autonomously, and their unique manufacturing processes addressed the bags.
In the area of fluids, after many years of development and sedimentation, companies are upgrading their industrial innovation across the board and occupying strategic heights of product technological innovation and quality poles, with both high-end manufacturing and new material competitiveness.
The infusion is also the first engine in Collon's three-way drive. Chart 11 contains a picture of the products in the bag. 2.2 Right now: consolidation of the lead.
In 2023, companies actively sought to increase sales from product structure upgrades, new product promotion, medical terminal development, and market access. In keeping with the concept of safe fluids, companies continued to promote the safe, closed, semi-closed, and closed, semi-closing process in 2023.
(a) A semi-annual increase of 3.7 percentage points, or 52.4 per cent, in the marketing structure of liquid products;
In the first half of 2023, the company achieved business income for its total infusion products. The non-infusion areas of the Cullen medicine industry included antibiotics intermediates, raw materials and non-infusion drugs. According to the company ' s semi-annual report of 2023, non-infusion drugs were influenced by external factors such as national and local collections.
For sales of billions of dollars, 8.02 per cent less than the same year, and 21.8 per cent less than the 21.8 per cent. For specific varieties, the sales of the Acetic Xi-Plan film, after the renewal of the bid, amounted to 1,834 million yuan, a decline of about 8.02 per cent from the same year.
The strategy has been adjusted to a sales income of $14.55 million over the reporting period, a decrease of 89.98 per cent over the same period. In addition, products such as rehabilitation new fluids, herbic acid Acephalan (Bolothe), injection of purple filamentol (teprotein combination) (Correfi) have fallen by more than 30 per cent over the same period.
Injection fluids in propofol/Long-chain fat milk (Cobian), sugar-lowing drugs (including the Englele Net (Colyne), the Kaglele Net (Cluster), phosphate sigretins, Ligretins, amber tragletins, hydrogen brominated acids, digretins (Creca) and so forth) in the selected areas.
3.1. Antibiotic drugs are a key component of anti-infection drugs and anti-infection drugs can kill or suppress each other.
The use of pathogenic micro-organisms and their efficacy through oral, muscular, intravenous, etc. The anti-convulsive drug is a basic drug, which is widely used in the treatment of infectious diseases such as bacterial infections, fungi infections, chlamydia infections, viral infections, and other infectious complications resulting from other diseases, and is the most commonly used drug for clinical purposes.
Anti-infection drugs include anti-bacterial drugs, anti-viral drugs, anti-fungicides, vaccines, etc. Antibiotics are the largest type of anti-infection drugs, accounting for about 90% of the total anti-infection drugs.
Unlike antibiotics, antibiotics can be divided into broad groups such as beta-neoamoxins, amino-sugar antibiotics, tetracyclic antibiotics, melanoxone antibiotics, ammonium-based antibiotics, aluminum-based antibiotics. Beta-alumidoxins, dominated by headpoms, and pentolines, currently account for about 70% of the world market for antibiotics.
Drugs can also be broken down into sub-categories such as antibacterial mellitus for penicillin, antibacterial mellitus for cephalymers, β-neoamide inhibitors and carbide and antibacterials for carbide.
3.2 The situation with regard to the pharmaceutical chain of antibiotics has been a great contribution to human conquest since the discovery of penicillin by British bacterial scientists in 1928. As a result of the discovery and use of antibiotics, many deadly infectious bacterial diseases have been effectively controlled and humans have died.
Antibiotics have played a significant clinical role, but in medical practice they have been overstretched, overdosed, long-term use of antibiotics, leading to an increase in resistant strains, which have reduced the efficacy of some of the existing antibiotics. During the decades of use, the abuse of antibiotics and the associated increase in bacterial resistance have increased.
While global markets curb the abuse of antibiotics, the key role of antibiotics as a basic drug remains irreplaceable. The production of antibiotics is accompanied by a certain amount of contaminants, especially the problem of exotic governance.
The country has become the world’s leading base for the production of antibiotics, influenced by environmental protection and domestic production cost advantages. In recent years, our anti-biotic industry companies have been demanding environmental protection, their environmental costs have been increasing, and their traditional chemical methods have been used to synthesize antibiotics at low thresholds and high levels.
The process of contamination has almost been phased out. Currently, the process of producing antibiotics in the country is based on biological fermentation, enzyme extraction of synthetics, i.e., grains, soybeans, etc., which are processed into carbon-containing, nitrogen-based compounds such as starch, sugar, soybeans, etc., as a means of nutrientation for bacterial species, and through microbiological transformation, the production of cerebral bacterium and penicillin industrial salt.
The core intermediates and the further production of synthetic antibiotics are also one of the important antibiotics in the industrial chains of cerebral fungus, penicillin industrial salt, and cyclic antibiotics in their intermediate form are important intermediates for the production of redicillin derivatives such as redicillin, achitocin, ammoniumicillin and caraline.
Hemolycin products can be used directly as animal antibiotics to treat infections caused by vines, streptocococcals, etc., which are resistant to penicillin, and are commonly used abroad as “animal growth agents”.
Chemical production, industrial chain as follows:
Since its inception, the company has been focusing on technological innovations in the field of biomature fermentation, particularly in the production of intermediate antibiotic fermentation, continuing to grow, expanding and leading industrial technological development.
Ning Organisms are the country's latecomers entering the antibiotics intermediate production industry, but with the accumulation of technologies in the field of biomersal development, high-transformation biomation and extraction technologies are being applied first to the industrialization of antibiotics intermediates, and the production and production of these products are now at a high level of productivity and productivity.
In 2022, based on saturation production and based on scientific innovations, Ishachuanin focused its research and development objectives on the preservation of healthy materials, bio-pesticides, high-value-added natural products, high-end cosmetics, biodegradable materials, etc., and successfully landed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange ' s business board in December 2022, becoming the first in the Xinjiang Ipwa regiona
Stock listing companies. Building on the talent and technical advantages of the new Shanghai Peak Zone, further enrichment of the intermediate-rich products of the fermentation technique, development into the area of synthetic biological manufacturing of high-value-added natural products, building, sifting and optimizing the biosynthesis of products through automated intelligence, increasing the expression and production of strains.
In 2023, the Trunchin creature, with its overall objective of “safe environment, profit-sharing” and with its 20-word approach, focused on the four main tasks of ironing out fluctuations in production, automating, building and building the Tian Ning project, and research and development of creative synthetic biology products.
At a cost of 2,873 million yuan, an increase of 14.3 per cent over the previous year, the cost increase was lower than the growth in operating income, leading to a higher rate of company Maori, which, according to the semi-annual report, in the first half of 2023, was invested in the construction of Xinjiang Ishau County.
The Tianning BioGreen Cycle Industrial Park project, a project that was launched in March 2023 and is expected to be completed by the end of this year, is in the pilot phase of production. During the reporting period, work on the production and marketing of the Tian Ning Bios grew in an orderly manner, as a result of the recovery of the market for penicillin faster than expected, a significant increase in sales of 7adca and good cost control, and Tian Ning Bien and others.
Its subsidiaries achieved operating income of 2,417 million yuan, an increase of 21.84 per cent, net profit of 391 million yuan, a growth of 64.82 per cent, attributable to the Chuan-Ning biological mother's division.In 2023, Guangxi-Kullen re-evaluated the production structure in a timely manner and matched it fully through scientific production systems.
Existing capacity designs and personnel to improve capacity utilization; product quality upgrading, precision development and expansion of downstream product markets; and Guangxi Köln's insistence on quality as the cornerstone for reducing efficiency gains through automation and intelligent upgrading of production equipment, leading to a gradual upgrading of product structures, further boosting influence in high-quality markets.
4 Innovative R & D: As of 30 June 2023, there were 33 projects in the innovative R & D pipeline of the next generation, with 10 small, biomagnostic drugs and 23 biomolecular drugs, focusing on tumours, with their own immunisation, anaesthesia, pains, etc.
In the field of diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, which have resulted in an iterative advantage of disease clusters and products, 14 innovative clinical projects were promoted, while 7 innovative pre-clinical phase projects and 12 drug discovery phase projects were developed. 1 January 2023 - 30 June 2023, a total of 14 innovative projects conducted clinical research.
These include skb264, a166, skb 315, skb410, a167, a140, a400, etc., in the area of major diseases such as malignant oscillation, self-immunisation and inflammation; a total of two clinical studies were approved by Nmpa, two research and regulatory communications were agreed to, and one study was declared by the National Drug Control Authority.
a167 pd-l1 Unit resistance: a167 was the first innovative project to enter the new drug declaration phase of the Colombote organism, and the first application was for a pd-l1 unit for nasal cancer adaptive disorders as a critical stage for 3l+ nasal cancer.
In May 2023, a166her2-dc. The new generation of adc technologies was used to stabilize the linker collage antibodies and toxins and to reduce the Nda application for treatment of the terminal 3l+her2+ breast cancer patient study by the National Drug Surveillance Authority.
In June 2023, a166 comparative t-dm1 treatment 2+her2+ for breast cancer was launched. Other expanded lb studies are proceeding as planned. skb264 (trop2-adc): skb264/mk2870 is an autonomous knowledge product of Colombote
The target is a combination of the unique and cytotoxic properties of the anti-cancer surface antigens. Based on preliminary clinical data, skb264 is currently working on needles.
Single drug/combined ii and iii clinical trials for multiple tumors. skb264 at tnbc registered iii studies went well, and in April 2023, skb264 was used for egfr-tki failed egfr mutation of local late or transferary non-nsclciii studies
On 16 June 2023, a clinical study was approved by the ema for the study of the late-stage physical tumor basket for the treatment of the Paboliad single (with or without chemotherapy) or the study of the Nsclc basket for the treatment of the joint Osituney.
Question-ii: On January 11, 2023, Questb264 activated the first line of mutation in egfr to treat non-small cell lung cancer, which was approved by Nmpa as a column in the ii basket study. At the June 2023 Asco Annual Conference, Qkb264 published in the form of a newspaper for treatment.
In addition, the company published in August 2023, the ii-stage clinical trial of skb264 for the treatment of non-surgical late, re-emerging or transferable tnbc for non-surgery removal, which has been treated on second-line and above.
The company published in August 2023, and the skb264 will be published in 2023 at the esmo Congress (20-24 October 2023), in the form of an oral report, clinical hysteria/prosthesis data for breast cancer patients who are treated with transfer hormone receptors (hr+) and human surface growth factor 2 negative (her2-).
(a140egfr single resistance: Sytosque antibiotic analogues. The study of the first phase of the study has been completed in a 277 kweek opioid receptor agonist (small molecules): the first case of urinary irritation was completed in April 2023 and the testee was scheduled to enter the group.
a223jak1/2 inhibitors (small molecules): The rheumatological arthritis phase study has been completed and has been submitted to other i-phased projects, including skb378 (tslp single resistance), skb336 (fxi/fxia single resistance), a296 (sting small molecular agonists): all have been carried out with a clinical study of the hysteria phase and are scheduled to move into the group.
Diagram 17addc, anti-coupled drug (adc), which is chemically reacting to traditional small molecules for anti-cancer drugs and recombinant monoclons. The antibodies form new molecules by connecting molecules.
1980s, but until 2000, the first anti-coupled drug (commodity name Mylotarg, pfizer) was approved by fda for treatment of acute cellular leukaemia. To date, adc has grown to the third generation, represented by enhertu.
The country’s adc research started relatively late, but there are now a lot of players, and the Cullen Pharmacy industry is one of them. Its subsidiary, Collombote, established an adc platform with autonomous intellectual property rights a long time ago, before the company had three adc drugs in its clinical phase.
Authorised cooperation (msd is a short name for Merkers in Rowe, New Jersey, United States), including: 1) licensing another early clinical project, skb315 (cldn18.2adc), to develop, produce and commercialize globally.
Allowing another early clinical projectb to develop, produce, and commercialize globally. An enabling collaboration with Mossa Dong is an important recognition of the Colomboteadc technology platform and the adc project, which combines the vast and extensive global development capacity of Mossadung with the innovative capacity of Colombote, and will develop and commercialize collaborative projects.
These collaborations will facilitate the creation of Kuala Lumpur as a global, creative and innovative conduit for up to seven different pre-clinical adc candidate projects, either globally or outside China, Hong Kong and Macao in the form of a global monopoly or exclusive licence option.
Research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization. The project to preserve the partial granting of exclusive licences and the project to retain the right to grant exclusive licences in mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macao, where research, development, manufacturing and traders have entered into authorized cooperation with msd, is an important endorsement of the Colomboadc technology platform and the adc project.
Combining the deep and extensive global development capacity with the innovative capacity of Colombo will create great synergies for the development and commercialization of collaborative projects. These collaborations will facilitate the creation of Colombo as a global, innovative biopharmaceutical company.
A400/ep0031 (ret small molecular hormone inhibitor, kl590586) Project has received a new application for clinical research on malignant neoplasms for ret from the U.S. fda, a Spanish regulatory agency, from the British Overseas Partner. The study was approved for a400/ep0031 to initiate a global i/ii phase of clinical research.
In many other projects, domestic and foreign mandates are entering the phase of negotiations on business terms, and companies will continue to promote overseas rights in research projects to enhance the market value and international competitiveness of the projects. In the first half of 2023, Colombote organisms achieved business income of $1.046 billion, of which msd confirmed.
The income is equivalent to RMB 1,037 million, while the affiliates lost RMB 31 million in the first half of the year, a decline of 88.51%. Overall, the innovation transition in the Cullen pharmaceutical industry has entered the harvest period, and its adc platform is more visible and recognized by large pharmaceutical companies abroad, and the Collombote creature, a company of the Collen pharmaceutical industry, is expected to join the first ranks of innovation companies in the country.
Figure 18 Progress of innovative drugs in the collen drug industry 5 Improved research and development of generic medicine industries, expanding overseas. Innovation-driven transformation is a core task in the development of the pharmaceutical industry, currently in the context of national incentives for innovation.
During the 13th Five-Year Plan, our research and development of new medicines has also stepped up. New targets, new mechanism drugs have been heavily distributed, the time lag between foreign and Chinese products has been significantly reduced, a product has been registered in parallel, and new medicines authorized abroad are increasing.
In nine years, Colon has initiated research on more than 300 drugs for domestic and foreign markets, including 308 generics and improved innovations with clustering, difficulty, characteristics and cost advantages, 33 innovative small molecules and biotechnological drugs with me-better designs.
A total of 4.576 patents have been filed, including 1.502 patent applications for inventions, 2.438 patent applications for practical new applications and 469 patent applications for foreign design and 167 international patent applications for pct. The number of authorized patents has reached 2,083 (578 patent requests for inventions, 1,283 patent applications for practical new applications and 222 patent applications for foreign design).
Colum's innovative patent results were supported by international cooperation in 2023. 5.1 In the field of intestinal nutrition: enhanced market coverage. Intraintestinal nutrition is provided from the vein as nutritional support for patients before, after and after surgery and at risk.
Intestine nutrients are provided via the intestinal route. Intestine nutrients (pn) are the nutritional elements needed to supply patients via the verbular route, including calories (carbohydrates, fat milk), essential and non-essential amino acids, vitamins, electrolysis and micronutrients.
Intra-intestinal nutrition and partial supplementation of intestinal nutrition. The aim is to maintain the patient’s nutritional status, weight gain, and trauma healing, so that the young child can continue to grow and develop.
In the first half of 2023, intestinal nutrition products, which are important in the field of corporate fluids, were continuously restructured and extended to cover, becoming a leading domestic provider of intestinal nutrition products. During the reporting period, the company ' s intestinal nutrient products were sold to more than 10 different varieties, and new or initiated marketing varieties included medium- and long-chain fat milk/amino acid (16)/ grapes.
Sugar (36 per cent) injection fluids (multiple) and medium- and long-chain fat milk/amino acid (16)/glucose (30 per cent) injection fluids (manufacturing) two industrialization trictonic bags, cotrimino acid (15aa-/)/glucose (10 per cent) electrolytic injection fluids (multifluorous and new points) are increasing in number of species being sold, with a significant expansion of hyperintestinal nutrients.
The product range is extended to other categories outside the fat milk of the intestinal nutrients.
Long-chain fat milk/amino acid (16)/glucose (36%) injectable fluids (multiple) as a national identity product, which was launched this year, thanks to the 625ml specification to meet clinical needs and improved capacity for intestinal nutrients treatment, which showed a good increase in sales during the reporting period.
In the second half of the year, the Department will continue to promote clinical treatment and regulation of intestinal nutrition, increase competitiveness and market share in core hospitals, and achieve the twin goals of sales growth and brand value enhancement.
The export of sodium chloride sodium sulfonic osteoporium injected in the fifth round of national collections in 2021 continued to increase, with the market share ranked first among the selected firms, with sales revenue of $234 million achieved during the reporting period, an increase of 2.83 per cent over the same period.
5.2 In the area of anaesthetic pain: overall promotion 2021, there were four different types in the area of anaesthetic pain, with new or activated species including Cobian (Porpo/Long-Lat milk injection fluid), physio level (Lingue injection fluid for sodium carbonate).
Since 2022, the company will increase its external cooperation in the field of anaesthesia, through the introduction of superior products and the formation of product clusters, and will promote the overall promotion of anaesthetic pain products and increase competition in the area of anaesthesia pains.
Chart 21 Cresseau's product map, Figure 20 Cobian's product map.
5.3 Central nervous field: achieving full coverage. In 2021, there were three central nervous field sales, the largest of which was in the Belloth (Assy with herbs) and the highest of which was in the Brahma market, as a result of repeated and concentrated purchases of the new crown, with equal sales in the antidepressant market.
The company ' s sales income from Bellothe grew by 38.99 per cent over the same period, thanks to the efforts of the company ' s sales team. In 2021, Heeta (the hysteric hysteric thiplan film) was selected as a selection for the collection and was largely achieved in 15 provinces, including Guangdong, Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Shandong and other economic provinces.
At the same time, in 2021, new sales were launched in the central nervous field to market Salonen, the first-largest class of Onitrogen tablets in the treatment of schizophrenia, to achieve a full-line layout of the central nervous field.
Lonning's new selection in the provinces of Guangdong and other provinces has also been increasing in 2022 in its sales contribution to the central nervous field. 5.4 Male health area: branding status. 3 of the company's men's fields are on the market.
The first male health product in the company is the cure for early ejaculation. During the reporting period, the company adjusted its market price strategy to take advantage of the market through multiple channels such as the otc chain, Internet platforms, etc., and continued to be a leader in sales, with a 28.8% increase in sales at the end, but an impact on the income end.
Largely, sales revenue for the reporting period decreased by $14.55 million, or 89.98 per cent. To facilitate the transformation of branding, the Department has continued to strengthen market influence in the male field, and the recognition of the “okman” brand has continued to rise.
5.5 Imitation Research: Imaging High-end Imitations, transitioning from 2012 to the present, Clenium Pharmaceutical Research and Development has successfully changed from a simple infusion to a full, integrated, inclusive development.
Simulation and consistency evaluations have led to 410 studies, 152 products having been approved between 2017 and 31 July 2023, which took 10 years to further consolidate industry leadership in the Chinese market for fluids, the establishment of neoplasms, intestinal nutrients, bacterial infections, body and fluid balances, anaesthesia pain and male specialists, etc.
Product cluster advantages in the area of diseases, starting to move into cardiovascular, diabetes, phantom, hepatitis B and other diseases, and continuing in 2023 to introduce quality-priority strategies and cost-priority strategies firmly into the research and development system of generic pharmaceuticals, market-oriented, enhanced cost-accounting, 1 January 2023-31 July 2023, achieved
Twenty-nine productions were approved, two clinical cases were approved, and 28 were declared to have been produced. In 2023, the eighth national collection resulted in a total of seven Köln products, the winning number being the highest in the country; by the time of the eighth national collection, Köln had achieved a cumulative of 43 species, and Köln had become the head of the national collection.
1 January 2023-31 July 2023, 29 drugs were approved for listing (first imitation/first 7 items), of which thira-3 glycerin triester (2%)/Long-chain fat milk/amino acid (16)/glucose (36%) note
The company ' s product pipelines in areas such as intestinal nutrition, anti-infection, diabetes and diagnostic photography have been further reinforced by successive approvals for projects such as radial fluids, oral Xydrin/glucose injections, thorium / sodium chloride injection fluids, hydrobrominated dilates, thibreol injection fluids, etc.
1 January 2023-31 July 2023, Colon declared 28 imitation drug products (of which the first/first declaration was 5), injected with meropenan/sodium chloride fluid, long chain in lysium-3 fish oil, fat milk/amino acid (16)/glucose (30 per cent) injected fluids, butate chlorvithid fluids, and bubika lactose infusion.
Declarations of varieties such as radial fluids, octafluoropropane-based microballion fluids will further enhance product line value in the areas of Cullen anti-infection, intestinal nutrients, complex formulations, etc. 5.6 International business expansion: continuous structural optimization.
Despite the complex international situation, the volatility of the exchange rate, and the high international freight costs, companies continued to expand their overseas markets. On 21 December 2022, their subsidiary, Colombote Biology and msd (msd is New Jersey, United States)
Columbo-Thai works with msd on up to seven adc projects with its own main intellectual property rights.
The option forms research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization on a global scale or outside China’s mainland, Hong Kong, and Macao.
The Monopoly Licensing and Co-operation Agreement came into force on February 14, 2023 Beijing time, following a review of the United States ' hsr antimonopoly.
Enabling cooperation with msd is a major challenge for the Colombo Bioadc Technology Platform and the adc project, which, in recognition, combines a deep and wide range of global development capabilities with the innovative capacity of the Colombote creature, will create great synergies for the development and commercialization of cooperative projects.
A 400/ep0031 (ret small molecular hormone inhibitor, kl590586 capsule) project has been co-operatived overseas, and the UK's ellipsespharma has been acquired by the U.S. fda, a Spanish regulatory agency for ret genetic modification.
The approval of this study is a key step in launching a 400/ep0031 full-blown cylindrical research. The Colombote creature has been paid for the corresponding development milestones.
In the future, Klen continues to actively explore global markets and foster a global image of the company’s brand. First, using Japan’s gmp certification advantage, it will continue to promote exports to the Japanese-represented regulatory market; and second, to actively promote new corporate models.
Pharmaceuticals registered abroad in preparation for future exports; third, expansion of the Central Asian and South Asian markets through the feed-in effect of production bases in Kazakhstan and Sri Lanka; and fourth, strengthening cooperation with leading international research institutions to upgrade profit forecasting and investment proposals
The company has been a pharmaceutical research and development producer for many years, with a wide range of operations and a revenue structure that can be divided mainly into the infusion and non-infusion sectors. In 2022, 49.98 per cent of the infusion and non-infusion sector contributed, 43.75 per cent of the non-infusion sector contributed, and a significant milestone income was received by an innovative pharmaceutical subsidiary, the Columbotai Biology, which led to an increase in the share of the parent company ' s research and development portfolio.
This trend is expected to continue over the next three to five years. The company is a large domestic infusion tap with a large number of infusion products, with a total of 294 specifications for 129 varieties, starting with the 2019 collection, and the company ' s profit on the infusion business fell in 2020, starting with a gradual recovery in 2021.
In the first half of the year, when the effects of the epidemic were phased out, medical consultations were restored at all levels of health care and there was a significant increase in the operations, and we expect that the company will continue to optimize the marketing structure of the liquid products, taking into account the future of non-infusion areas such as antibiotics intermediates, raw materials, non-infusion drugs, etc., and that the Tunning organisms will continue to use synthetic biology as a means of synthesizing biology.
Production methods gradually gained a certain advantage in the field of antibiotics intermediates, falling in 2022, and recovered well in the second half of the year, but with the rise in raw materials and changes in downstream demand, the first half of the year saw a slight increase.
Among the pharmaceutical companies that produce and sell drugs that combine drugs and innovations, we have selected companies that are close to the Cullens Pharmacy, similar to the collection, profitability or development patterns, such as the Sin Litai, Enghua Pharmacy, Heung Swe Medicine, Transpo, People's Blessed Medicine, which adheres to the "triple-driven" final harvest, and innovation drives new growth curves.
In the broader context of a more complex external environment and the ongoing reform of the pharmaceutical industry, the company insists on a “three-way drive, a new growth” development strategy, and on a two-crossing approach to managing “a full-scale innovation, full-scale marketing, saturation production, compression of costs, and creation of the Blue Sea.” Over the years, the company has insisted on a three-pronged approach centred on the “Great Infusion + Antibiotic + New Medicines Development”
The strategy, which was successful after changes in industries such as harvesting, the re-entry of the fluids, the Tunning biological success, the launch of the Clenbote, the firm's performance in the first half of the 2023s, and the same growth in the bulk of the fluids: the market pattern was gradually stabilized and the leading position was consolidated.
During the first half of 2022, companies actively sought to increase sales from product structure upgrading, new product promotion, medical terminal development, and market access. In keeping with the concept of safe fluids, companies continued to promote safe, closed, alternative, semi-closed, semi-closed, with a 2.87 percentage point increase in the share of closed fluids.
The marketing structure of liquid products has been further optimized; efforts have been made to promote the marketing of newly approved liquid products and to improve their quality; internal incentives have been strengthened to enhance the development of the market for medical end-uses through such measures as equity incentives; and proactive participation in national and local collections has been maintained, with price compression at the bottom as the “take-over” process moves forward.
• Non-remitting fluids: Ipwa Trungin, in the first half of 2022, based on saturation production and based on scientific innovation, focused on health-care raw materials, bio-pesticides, high-value-added natural products, high-end cosmetics, biodegradable materials.
Guangxi Collen has improved its production capacity utilization through the re-evaluation of scientific production systems, timely restructuring of production structures to fully match existing production capacity designs and personnel; product quality has been constantly improved, precision developed and the downstream market has been broadened; Guangxi Collen has insisted on quality as a cornerstone, reducing efficiency gains and yielding production through automation and intelligent upgrading of production equipment
The gradual upgrading of the product structure has further boosted influence in high-quality markets, with a reversal of losses through production and marketing linkages. In the area of non-revenue medicines, companies have actively responded to incalculable risks by increasing market inputs, increasing market coverage, restructuring products, and continuing to promote new approved varieties.
• Innovative medicines: a coded high-end imitation, with the next generation of adc dragons rising up, the innovation company, Collombote, has been listed separately, and officially landed at the port in July 2023, and the public clinic, which is being promoted steadily by its partner Mossatón.
The company’s success in the development of generic and innovative medicines, and the gradual entry of research and development inputs into the harvest period, is expected to boost the growth of the company’s performance and enhance its competitiveness. The industry’s policy risk is that, as the cost of health-care coverage deepens, the country’s procurement policy becomes fully operational, and a series of policies move forward.
(c) The risk that R & D will not be as fast as expected: the pharmaceutical industry has a high investment in innovation, a long cycle of research and development, and a high risk. The path to innovation is wide.
In the event of uncertainty, research and development will be exposed to a corresponding risk of failure; Approval access will not be as high as expected: Trinzarud may be exposed to less than expected clearance in the application for registration, etc.; follow-up line clinical progress may not be as high as expected;
Cost escalation risks: The cost of raw materials, human resource costs and environmental costs are on a rigid upward trend, putting pressure on companies to control their costs. The therapeutic industry, primary market investment and secondary market research experience.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.