Erie shares (60887), food and beverages are rising steadily, with hundreds of billions of dollars targeted at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Summary of performance: The company achieved a business income of 68.7 billion yuan (+12.6 per cent) in the first three quarters of 2019, a net profit of 56.63 billion yuan (+11.6 per cent) and a non-net profit of 5.26 billion yuan (+123 per cent). Of this, q3 achieved a camp, maintained faster growth under intense competition, increased penetration and continued product optimization.
In the third quarter, income grew by 12.6 per cent, and double-digit growth was very difficult to sustain in the face of intense market competition, with liquid milk, powdered milk and dairy products, cold drinks and 56.1 billion, 670 million and 550 million yuan respectively: 1) warm and pyrolymic milk: gold fairs, Ammush, light and coyotes, among other priority products, showing a similar growth momentum.
It is clear that there has been a further increase in the city's share; 2) low-temperature milk: due to increased competition in the industry and a drop of 1 percentage point in the same ratio of low-temperature milk, companies have been actively adjusting to be active in product innovation and channels;2 from the point of view of the channels, the company channels have continued to increase their penetration, and their share has steadily increased, particularly through the sinking of three or four-line cities, reporting that
During the period, there was a net increase of 1674 to 12278 corporate distributors, further strengthening the network of channels, and increasing their terminal control. At the same time, the company set up the Department of International Enterprise to open up the opening of overseas markets through the acquisition of overseas dairy companies and sources of milk.
Product upgrades ease cost pressures and keep costs stable. 1 - 3rd quarter Māori rate rises by 0.02 percentage points to 38.6%, original milk costs are now rising by about 7% this year, and companies maintain Māori flat through higher smooth cost pressures through product structure upgrades. 2 - Cost is generally stable: 1) sales cost drops by 1.5 pp - 1.
23.7 per cent, although the end-marketing competition remains strong, in the context of the continued rise in the prices of raw materials, the relative restraint of dairy companies, a slight decrease in the cost of q3 over the year, the possible impact of quarterly fluctuations, and the continued high level of promotion; 2) administrative costs for the same year +44 per cent, an increase of 1 pp to 4.3 per cent in the management rate, mainly in the form of a new enterprise.
As a result of the increase in the number of personnel and the increase in staff salaries (Ministry of International Enterprise, Cheese, Healthy Drinking Industries); net interest rates have fallen slightly from 0.07 pp to 8.2 per cent; equity incentive programmes have been adopted with a view to long-term development.
The General Assembly adopted the target of locking in a compound increase in net profits (equity incentive costs and non-recurring gains and losses) over the next five years. While performance is not fast, there is a stronger emphasis on sound ahead, and equity incentives bind management’s core interests for long-term development.
Iri shares (600887), buybacks for equity incentives, swords for 500 billion (2019-04-09) Ili shares (600887); 18q4 performers out of expectations.
Eli shares (600887), acquisition of the Thai ice cream department, and the global knitting network has advanced steadily (2018-12-03) and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.