Daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco: three-quarters of Ily shares: more rapid growth in regular fluid milk support, improved reporting loops: a company announcement in the three-quarters of 2019, with 68,207 million yuan in principal revenues in the first three quarters.
Fluid milk support income is growing faster. Low pressure. Milk powder and drinks are not as good as expected. Liquid milk, milk powder and dairy products, cold drinks, 19.930 billion yuan for sales, 2.29 billion yuan and 1,153 million yuan for sales.
Although the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) has been larger and declining, the Ministry of Liquefied and Milk has continued to grow by nearly 16% in the third quarter of the year.
The 12-month maximum/minimum wholesale channels, especially at the level of the three or four-line cities and counties, have grown faster, providing strong support for income and performance.
Eli's share: stock rush, lack of preparation slows the growth rate of pure milk and Amushi, but at the top of the program, organic and fruit smell optimizes, hopefully, to make up for it.
And the higher-than-expected growth in yogurt milk is also an important reason for the better performance of liquid milk.
Income continues to grow, penetration continues to rise; milk powder and healthy drinks are increasing at a slower rate than expected.
Ely's regular, low-temperature, infant and child milk powders (January-August) have changed by the same amount of market share (600887), and according to the regional segment, the South China region has continued to grow steadily and the number of dealers has increased in the past three quarters.
134: There has been a better recovery in North China: other areas have seen a more pronounced growth in the ring, but the number of distributors has decreased by 136.
Māori rates are stable, cost rates are improving, net profit growth is increasing, reporting rings are improving, Māori sales in the third quarter of the single quarter are improving by 0.22 pct, which is a steady decline in the second quarter. Eli’s product structure continues to upgrade, aggregate prices are up, and the pressure on Māori rates is mainly high.
At the end of the spectrum, the price of raw materials and packages is likely to rise mildly, at the cost level, with a 21.81% sales rate, which is a marked improvement in the same/ring ratio, and is the main reason for the increase in net interest rates. The mid-autumn period is marked by a decrease in inputs due to an underestimation of competitors.
It is the core cause of the decline in the cost of sales, with relatively larger and pre-costed inputs on the national holiday, but the overall cost of sales remains within the range of implementation in the four quarters alone, with higher annual sales rates expected to be compared with annual increases, such as remuneration, and the amortization of the cost of the equity incentive programme in recent years.
The management cost rate will continue to be high, but the three cost-to-income ratio is expected to decline gradually. The Maori rate is stable, the cost rate is improving, resulting in a rise in net interest rates by the same year for the third quarter alone, and profit growth.
Improved reporting on performance. Combined with balance sheet and cash flow statement analysis, accounts receivable, advance receipts and net operating cash flow round ratios performed fairly well and the quality of statements was healthy.
Eli's sales performance will be better this past four quarters, and the growth rate of the statements, whether income or profit, is expected to accelerate further, possibly leading to a quarterly improvement in the window of time. All year 2019, it is judged that the approximate rate of income meets the target and the profit is expected to be higher than the guidelines for the beginning of the year.
The company’s 2019 equity incentive scheme (revised) was adopted by a general meeting of shareholders, considering that the amortization cost was lower than the original scheme, and we adjusted the profit forecast and the pss for the next three years.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.