china innermongolialiindus-a add (nochange)
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know if you're the only one who's been there.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm gonna be able to do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it.

We$25,055m markcap: reducedispricing promotion9m19, whichledtoaspimprovementofc.2%.itsgross
3 pptyoyto 35.5%in3q19, sincemetemixupgradeandpromotion averagedailyturnover: reductionfuloffset anotherawmilkpriceinstream.
Yoyin3q19and7% yoyin9m19, duotostrongtownstreamdairydemand.yili currentshareso/s: continedtogainmarketsharein9m19, gaininga2pptyoymarketshareforriguildmilkto
Freefloat: 38.8% byend-3q19.accordingtoacnieldata, theindustryvolumegrorowofliquid milkwas 2%in9m19 withnormaltemperaturemilkup 3%andlowtempertureproducts
The keychangesinthisnote fy19fepsincreasedby 1.5%.
I don't know what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about.

I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
LowtemperatureSalesgrovetorurntoposiveyoyinfo20f, from-1% yoyin9m19, and yilitocontinuetoupgradeits producemixtodiveapmarginsin4q19fandf20f. explatingnewbusinessopportunities
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, markfeedback.this, yililaunchedminerdalwaterproductsandwillexpandits watercaptainty 20-21f.curently, yilihasc.2,000distorsforitshealthrydrinks, halfethemexistingdairydidribustersandotheremaininghalfew.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
Intheg&aexpensesratiof 1.3% ptts, leavingtoopmimprovementof0.8% pptyoyto 9.6% in3q19.managementsotherawmilkpricetoincrease5-6% yoyinf20f, which wouldleadtoreforminmotionlevels.
Wemaintainingouraddrating, sincevelikeyili'sproductpremiumizationandlowerpromotionlevel.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know, bythenumbers sources: cgisresearch, conpanydata, bloomberg sources: cgisreresearch, copanydata, bloomberg
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, notbetkenasanindication oroaranteoffutureperformance, and noorientationorwarnty, expressorimplied, irmadergardingfutureperformance. the recipientofthithrestouldunderstandandcomprehensenttheinvestivesanditsrelaedriss, and whereencececessaryconsultt theinancialavisersprincipatementation.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Allopinionististesreflexthejudgmentoftheanalystonthedateofthithreportandaresubbjecttochandewothoutnotice.chinagalaxyinternationalland/or therevantpartnersherebydisclaisoftheirlibilisirisingffromtheinauracy, incorrectnessansandincompletessofthisreportanditsatattachment/sand/or anyactionorororororororororogormissionmadeotherof.accordedingly, thisportmustbereadinjunjactionwiththisdisclammer.
Id. (6881.hk; 601881.ch) is thedirectand/orindirecting companyofthegroupofcompaniesunderagenagalalaxyinternational financial force.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
chinagalaxyinternationalelevantpartiesmay, to theextentpermitbylaw, fromtimetotimeparticipateorvesinfinancringtransactionswith the securitiesofthecompany(ies)mentationinthisreport, performsercenceforsolicitbusinessfroomsuchcompanyy(ies), and/orhaveaposibilityholding, orthormaticinterest, oraffectttransactions, inschesciritationsortionsotheron, orthormentsrelatedherto.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
(b) ortradein thesecrities overediediversesearchresearchrechrebrousissuesday afterthedatateofissuesueofreport; (c) serveasan officeofofofthehongkong-listed companisedinthisreport; and (d) havenyfincianinterestsin thehonkong-listedcompaniescoverenthisreport. wearetransferringotheratingmechanismmbrombuy, sell, "hold" to "add, reduce, old".
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I'm not going to do it.
20/f,wingoncentre, 111 connaughtroadcentral, Sheungwan, Hongkong.generalline: 3698-68888.