Iri shares (600887), cost recovery, growth, long-term development logic, Iri shares.
The company is one of the dairy industry's double-hatted companies, the company's product package: the company's three-quarterly report is up to expectations. 19q1-q3 achieved operating income of 68.517 billion yuan, same as
The areas of advantage include liquid milk, milk powder, cold drinks, etc., where the quarterly harvests increased by 10.39 per cent on a year-on-year basis, net repatriation profits increased by 15.49 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and profits increased at a higher rate in three quarters, mainly as a result of lower sales costs.
Focus on liquid milk, which continues to slow down channels, Māori rates have declined, and sales costs have fallen as the main reason for the higher rate of profit growth: the overall Māori rate of 19q1-q3 has been flat compared to the same period last year.
(b) Changes in the structure of the company's products resulted in liquid milk (lower than 35 per cent) accounting for 82.2 per cent in the previous three quarters.
The company's wholly-owned subsidiaries, Goldport Holdings, acquired New Zealand by 1.58 pct more than in the first half of the year, while their share fell by the cold-drinking product (the Māori rate was higher, 45 per cent); in addition, the company's channel sunk and its penetration in the three or four-line cities rose, to 86.2 per cent in the first half of the year.
Low-line urban expansion has also had an impact on the Māori rate, with companies selling outside the mature dominant regions of North and South China, with a cost-side rate of 21.8 per cent for the third quarter, a decrease of 2.34 pct compared to the same period last year, and a decrease in the level of the first half of the year, which is the main cause of the higher rate of profit growth in the third quarter.
As a result of the continuing double-hatting competition, the Elemon cattle are seeking higher penetration rates and market occupancy rates, which are currently as high as 89 per cent, Monx 88 per cent, advertising promotion and brand value-led penetration, and third-quarter corporate reductions in sales costs, with some negative impact on the growth of the pick-up end, with three-quarters.
The growth rate was only 10.39 per cent. The net operating cash flow of companies fell by 20.23 per cent over the same period, while the decrease in deposits by major departments, Elie Finance Ltd., resulted in reduced interest income and a reduction in cash inflows due to the non-refund of taxes and fees received by subsidiaries during the period.
The fall in sales costs in the third quarter has resulted in higher profits, followed by higher costs being invested or maintained, with a focus on horizontal cuttings, and on the cultivation of new products. The absolute share of staying in the warm milk market is the lifeline of the company seeking greater development, with the rapid growth of the cooler industry and the combination of Ili cross-products.
Research assistant: Jang Dong-shek, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Corporate development efforts shift from profit-side to market share, with the emphasis on horizontal goods. The former priority product “Golden” “Anmush” has enjoyed a better penetration rate, and sales have increased faster. The company is now focusing on new products, such as the super-high milk “Golden Scroll” and the multi-tasking An Muschi, to enable performance growth. The company’s newly established Healthy Drinking Industries Department is primarily recruiting for the “Eichmann Springs” mineral springs, and the prices and prices of the new products are in line with those of the company’s new products.
The 100-year-old mountain is close, and is currently being piloted only in Huwa and Hote, Beijing, Tianjin, and Xian, and because of the differences between the beverage and dairy channels, it is expected that after that time a full-scale and large-scale rollout will begin, and that the beverage industry will be a new growth point in the future. In the medium term, there will be a difference in the heads, and in the longer term, there will be a gradual increase in the selection of dairy products.
We believe that the focus on low-temperature milk will be gradually dissipated, that Eli and Monx will gradually move towards differentiated competition, that Eli will focus on moderate advantage, that horizontally, that the mousse will continue to expand, that the dairy industry will continue to grow deep based on upstream pastures and cold-chain resources, and that high industry barriers will continue. Time for space will remain the main theme of the dairy industry for the next decade, and that we will remain firm about the long-term value of Eli’s shares.
Profit forecasts: The company ' s performance in the three-quarterly report is in line with expectations, the development logic has not changed significantly, and the level of the original forecast for profitability has remained unchanged.
East Hing Securities Co. reported that Ely shares (600887), with high profit margins and long-term development logic, research on materials, retail trade, social services, light paper, agro-forestry and fisheries, and textile clothing.
The research assistant gives a brief overview of the study by Chang Dong-shek.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.