q3 performance rate returns to double digits, and the company's in-house growth momentum is strong.
The company published three quarterly reports in 2019, and in the first three quarters it achieved gross operating income of $68,677 million, i.e. +11.98 per cent, net profit return to the mother of $5,631 million, i.e. + 11.55 per cent, basic eps 0.93.
34.47/20.55 There has been a marked improvement in the profit chain over 19h1. Overall, 19q3 companies have returned to double-digit revenue/profit growth rates to respond effectively to competitive pressures in the industry, with a strong endogenous growth momentum, a small increase in the Maori rate and sales
The main reason for the slight decline in the cost rate has been the increase in performance. The same ratio +0.19 ppt. Although the original milk price has entered the upper cycle, the company has improved and upgraded its structure through enhanced milk source control and product composition, which has ensured a small increase in the Māori rate.
There has been a significant increase in the cost of original milk in q3 and a reduction in the overall promotion of the industry. However, vertically, sales are still at a high cost in the last five years, and we still need a longer window to observe the competitive dynamics of the industry.
Upgraded milk source control to respond to cost pressures and lower catch priority product development to increase the combined Māori rate \triangleright, with 30% annual growth in key products such as gold syllables, Ammush, light, gold crowns, benevolence, etc.
The ratio of organic products (including gold-column organic, light organic fermented milk, etc.), new packaging products (pet packaging, etc.) is the company’s main driver of product upgrading. The cost of purchasing at the same time may even rise by more than 7%, and the original milk price will fall after September, precipitatingly.
The cost pressure is still high, taking into account an increase of about 6% in the original milk costs of the company during the first three years. The company is gradually facing a rise in the cost of the global milk supply, including by completing the acquisition of New Zealand by strengthening the Ily shares (600887).
Westland announces the cost pressures and business risks of acquiring New Zealand excellence. In the first half of this year, the company completed the second largest dairy cooperative in New Zealand.
Westland buys at a price of 0.98/0.07 times the price for fiscal year 17/18. The acquisition will guarantee the company a supply of high-end, high-quality and stable milk.
The equity incentive programme has been slightly adjusted and the income and market share orientation will be long-term. \triangleright October 1, 2019, the company’s board of directors adopted the modified restricted equity incentive programme.
The main difference in the original programme was the conversion of 183 million shares of the original programme from total equity incentives to 152 million shares from equity incentives, while the remaining 305 million shares were written off and the share of equity incentives decreased from 3.0 per cent to no less than 70 per cent of annual cash transfers.
Third, profit forecasts and investment proposals, product sales are below expectations, Māori rates are falling significantly, marketing costs are rising significantly, and food safety issues are not so difficult.
Jujie, Bachelor of Economics and Master of Arts, Beijing University. Entered the securities industry in 2011, and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.