The performance of new energy sources has improved significantly, and 4gw efficient silicon investment has accelerated the development of new energy operations.
On 22 January, the company issued its " Performance Increases 2016 " , which shows that the announcement also announced the " Production of 4gw high-efficiency silicon cells per year for the investment of the subordinate company " .
At the same time, it benefited from the release of the 630 policy of 2016, which brought together about 77gw installed at the national level by the end of 2016, adding about 34.24gw, a record high, which contributed to the growth of the company ' s new energy business.
Investment in 4gw high-efficiency silicon to speed up new energy operations.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) Establishment of 4gw high-efficiency crystal silicone cell production project, mainly for high-efficiency silicone cell production, up to 12 months/minimum in yuan
R & D and sales, total investment in the project is expected to be RMB 5 billion, second and third phases of the project after the first phase, and after the delivery of the project, the company's high-efficiency crystalline silicon cell capacity will be on a scale that will show the combined effect, and the fishing light will be new.
By 7.3gw, the size of the company in this area will be further highlighted, while it is expected that the post-partum period will be followed by a profit point-to-profit (600438) company with an additional revenue of 7 billion yuan per year, which will facilitate the realization of the company's “world-class clean energy generation”
Meanwhile, at the beginning of the month, the investment target was Li Gianlongki Silicon Materials Limited.
The joint venture’s registered capital was 800 million yuan yuan, of which Lungi contributed 480 million yuan and held 15% of the shares. This time, Etsang’s shares went to the single crystal market, which was conducive to the use of the Etrange stock.
The advantages of the luminous industry of certifierpfrm and the further expansion of diversified operations help to secure the realization of the promise of lasting equity. And also to accelerate the deployment of the new energy industry.
and development, with the multi-crystal silicon industry at its core, actively expanding and improving the entire industrial chain for the development, promotion and application of the Tungwee shares from multi-crystal silicon, single-crystal silicon, silicon slice production to solar cell components, solar photovoltaic power and photovoltaic products, in an effort to create a world-class world.
A significant improvement in the performance of new energy sources, the 4gw investment in efficient crystalline silicon to accelerate the development of new energy operations
The bright spots, storage and distribution grids are new opportunities, saying that single crystals will be one of the directions, and the market share of single crystals will be at the same level as the crystals in about 2020. Currently, the photovoltaic industry will move into a “new normal” scale. The additional capacity of the photovoltaics will be “XII” during the 13th Five-Five.
It is worth noting that the State has given preference to distributed light voltage. During the 13th Five-Year Plan, the cumulative size of distributed power stations will reach 60gw, with a 10-fold growth space, with annual compound growth of more than 55%.
According to incomplete statistics, the proportion of single crystals is about 60% of the target of the runner’s plan. At the same time, national policies tend to be distributed in favour of further expansion of single crystal markets.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: In the context of the continuous release of supportive policies and technological advances in the photovoltaic industry, companies contribute to the growth of their profitability projections by further refining the photovoltaic industry chain through investment crystals.
The acquisition of new energy is not as expected, the complementarities of fishing light are not as good as expected.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report