Tungway shares (600438) Farming and Fishery Feeding forts, strong alliances, subsidiaries marching into single crystals-Tomway shares (600438)
On 4 January, the company issued a joint venture with the Western Anlongki Silicon Materials and Light Company Ltd. and the Changzhou Tianxing Energy Company to establish a joint venture to invest in monocrystal holding companies. According to the announcement, the investment target was Ligang Lungi silicon material.
The subsidiary of Tonway's shares, Sichuan Yongxiang, Lungi and Tianyungumi, are planning to co-invest in the 5gw single-crysilicon stick project " in order to achieve the goal of strategic cooperation " . The registered capital of the joint venture is RMB 800 million, of which,
Lungi shares contribute 480 million yuan, with 60% of the shares; Tsimyo can contribute 200 million yuan, with 25% of the shares; Yongxiang shares will contribute 120 million yuan, with 15% of the shares. This time, Esquito shares will go to the single crystal market, with the advantage of the windmill industry, which will make it possible to make a lasting share, as well as to expand its diversification.
Total equity/flow (millions) is conducive to the fulfilment of performance commitments to safeguard the eternal share.
Rapid new energy industry layout and development, with the multi-crystal silicon industry at its core, actively expanding and improving access to 12 months of maximum/minimum shares from multi-crystal silicon, single-crystal silicon, silicon slice production to solar cell assembly, solar light
Voltaic power generation and the entire industrial chain for the development, promotion and application of photosynthetic integrated products, dedicated to New Tung Wei: The Future and Results - New Energy Aids, World-class clean energy companies.
Second Rise of the Power -- 2016/11/27 " The Middle Report has seen a huge increase in performance, and the photovoltaic business has become a new investor strategy report " Annual Investment Strategy 2017 (PV) - Distribution and Poverty Reduction are Lights "
A profit-point - a 60438 shares company - a bright spot, a storage and a net is a new opportunity - says that a single crystal will be one of the directions - 2016/09/04
The market share of monocrystals will be equal to that of polycrystals in about 2020. For now, the photovoltaic industry will move into a “new normal” on the scale of the loading machines. The additional capacity of the photovoltaics during the 13th Five-Year Period will be more than three times the capacity accumulated during the 12th Five-Year Period. In particular, it is worth mentioning the country's distribution light.
During the “13th Five-Year” period, the cumulative size of distributed power stations will reach 60gw, with a 10-fold growth space, and annual compound growth will be higher than 55%. The single crystal market share is about 60%, according to incomplete statistics, in the case of the pilot's planned target.
At the same time, national policies tend to be distributed in favour of the further expansion of the single crystal market.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: In the context of the continuous release of supportive policies and technological advances in the photovoltaic industry, companies take stock through strong alliances, subsidiaries marching into monocrystal-Tungwee (600438)
Investment crystallizes, further improves the light-voltage industrial chain, and contributes to the increased profitability of companies.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.