Big banks, high revenues, low valuations, high dividends, high profile performance in 2019, expected rate of growth, company profitability.
The company's share price is now about 20% lower than the industry's average price in 2020, and we think that as the company's basics improve the valuation discount, it is possible to repair it, add up the crop, keep it up, and make up the value of the low-valued high dividends.
In 2019, the net profit of large banks increased by 10.98 per cent on a year-on-year basis, down 2.2 percentage points from the previous three quarters, of which 20.47 per cent increased on a year-on-year basis, down 2.7 percentage points from the previous three quarters (23.19 per cent).
But the growth rate is expected to remain at the top of the stock market. Since 2019, a marked improvement in the company’s interest differentials has together contributed to a sharp increase in revenue from fees and fees.
By the end of the quarter of 2019, the size of large banks ' assets had increased by 8.63 per cent/0.22 per cent, and the rate of expansion had remained steady. In terms of asset quality, companies had an adverse rate of 1.56 per cent and the ring had increased by 2 bp, but the value was still at a low level of equity, and specific adverse generation had to be combined with specific write-offs on an annual basis.
Given the lack of demand for effective credit in 2020 and the impact of the deep push of lpr on interest differentials, the downside of our small economy has led to a higher than expected deterioration in asset quality.
He's qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
The net profit of Grand Bank companies increased by 10.98 per cent in 2019 in comparison with the previous three quarters by 2.2 percentage points; of this, the increase was 20.47 per cent more than the previous three quarters (23.19 per cent) and slowed by 2.7 percentage points compared to the previous three quarters (23.19 per cent), but the rate of growth is expected to remain at the forefront of the shares in 2019.
Since then, a marked improvement in the company’s interest differentials and sharp fee-earning performance have together contributed to a high increase in revenue collection. Against a backdrop of four quarters of growth in the company’s size and relatively stable pace, the expected reduction in interest differentials on a par with the improvement is an important factor in the downside of the growth rate. The company’s profitability has improved since 2019, from 11.77% in the year to 0.22 percentage points in the year.
By the end of the quarter of 2019, the size of the Great Light Bank assets had increased by 8.63 per cent/0.22 per cent, and the rate of expansion had remained steady. In terms of asset quality, the company was at 1.56 per cent and the ring was raised by 2bp, but the absolute value was still at a low level of equity, with specific adverse generation.
The situation needs to be analysed in the context of data such as specific write-offs in the annual report. Big banks showed good performance in 2019, expected to keep their shares up to date, corporate profitability improved, and roe increased from 2018.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)