Big banks, better profitability, better interest differentials, better performance of big banks in 2019.
• Improved profitability, improved interest differentials, higher income and improved profitability
Quarterly (23.2 per cent) slowed by 2.7 percentage points, but the rate of growth is expected to remain at the forefront of the shares. Since 2019, the marked improvement in the company ' s interest differentials and the sharp fee income together contributed to the increase in revenue. Companies ' net interest earnings and fees increased by 30.39 per cent and 17.17 per cent, respectively, for the year.

Capacity, four-quarter single-quarter liability end-of-end cost ratio drops by 6bp. At the end of the asset, consistent with industry trends, corporate end-of-asset returns declined in the second half of the year, but significantly less than peer-to-peer averages.
This is an important factor in the lower-than-average rate of return on the company’s assets. The underachievement rate is lower than the average share-counting rate, and the base of the provision is further strengthened.
In view of the impact of the epidemic, we believe that the company’s retail operations may have increased in the first half of the year. The company’s failure rate is lower than the stock rate, which is based on a market price on March 27, 2020.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Company Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy business The economic downturn has led to a higher than expected deterioration in asset quality.
It's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you, it's good for you.
In 2019, big banks increased their net profits by 11.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, down 2.1 percentage points from the previous three quarters; of this, revenue grew by 20.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, down 2.7 percentage points from the previous three quarters (23.2 per cent), but the rate of growth is expected to remain at the forefront of the shares.
Not to mention the increase of 30.39%, 17.17%. Of this, the rapid increase in revenue from fees is mainly due to bank card operations (22.91%, yoy). Corporate profitability improved by 11.77% in 2019, an increase of 0.22 percentage points.
On a single-season basis, based on our end-caliber measurements at the beginning of the period, the four-quarter interest difference ring has continued to rise by 2bp over the three-quarter period, the improvement in interest differentials is mainly due to better cost control capacity at the end of the liability, the decrease in the four-quarter one-quarter cost ratio by 6bp, and we anticipate that the four-quarter interest differential performance of the company is still better than the average. We believe that the decline in the four-quarter liability end-cost ratio is due on the one hand.
The firm performed better in 2019, with savings rising by 17.3%, 1.86% and savings rising by 1.2 percentage points to 69.2% at the end of the three-month comparison.
The company has a negative end-of-season rate of 1.56 per cent and a 2bp rise in the ring ratio, mainly due to the upturn in retail lending, which is 18 bp to 1.38 per cent higher than at the end of the quarter, and 17 bp to 1.76 per cent lower than the end of the six months. We expect the upturn in retail lending in the fourth quarter to be due to the heightened risk of credit cards, consumer-type loans.
We measure that the company has a negative annual rate of production of 2.0% for the fourth quarter and 55bp for the third quarter for the absolute value ring. Given the decline in the willingness to repay credit cards and consumer-type loans during the first quarter of the epidemic, we believe that the company’s retail operations may have accelerated in the first half of the year. Overall, the company’s negative rate is lower than the average share bank (1.64%, 2019) and the asset quality is forward-looking.
Large banks showed good performance in 2019, expected to keep their shares in the forefront at a higher rate, improved profitability of companies, lower economic performance of roe compared to 2018, leading to an over-expected deterioration in asset quality. Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Down the line, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.