Performance is in line with expectations, with demand in a wide range of areas building growth drivers \triangleright generating $577 million, an increase of 17.9 per cent over the same period, and a projected net return to the mother of 174 million, an increase in the same rate
High viewing in a wide range of areas led to an increase in demand for lightware, and the construction of an important driver of growth in corporate performance: downstream \triangleright cloud to calculate high client capital expenditure, a priori scenario indicator collection data has been maintained for months.
The double growth of the June ring, with an increase of 8.5 per cent, 53.7 per cent, and the first half of the year, with an increase of 54.6 per cent, is strong evidence of the high temperature in the field of data centre traffic, which continues to increase.
The main reason is that many of the company's optical device products are currently equipped with high-end light modules such as 200g and 400g, so that the demand for light modules, coupled with the demand for light modules, is effectively driving the growth in demand for many of the company's optical device product lines.
With the severest form of the epidemic in the first half of the year, the company continued to achieve a 17.9% and 26.1% increase in net profit on revenue and repatriation. At the same time, high demand in the digital sector contributed to the company’s continued overseas income ratio.
Research assistant Maja Wei, with good exchange rates in the first half of the year, has had some positive effects on the company’s performance. The fast-speed light engine is going well, and will continue to make a positive contribution to performance: the company’s 2021 collection.
The \triangleright project, “The high-speed light engine construction project for 5 g and data centres”, is dedicated to vertical integration of the existing source and sourceless light devices and the development of one-stop integration solutions for the optical and sender engines.
In the first half of the year, income grew by the same year. According to the announcement, the company is now evaluating a steady growth in performance and a high foreign demand & exchange rate.
The expansion of second-generation capacity, which is expected to continue to increase in the second half of the year, is expected to contribute positively to corporate performance with sustained growth and release of capacity. Performance is strong, with high-speed light engines active to generate second-high growth.
Accelerating progress in the area of laser radar, further opening up the future growth space of the company: the area of laser radar, common \triangleright curve 2022/04/20
The Division's many-year-old optical device development platform, using the accumulation of basic materials and components, optical design, integration, communications (300394.sz) and other areas such as performance containment, focuses on the provision of compatible optical device products and source seals for downstream laser radar manufacturers
Resilient, waiting for the rise of new business to build new growth poles in the future.
Further expands the scope for corporate growth. \triangleright solution provider, traditional no-source business is strong and active business is synergized with no-source device business
Prominent platform attributes, companies grow strongly as the share of overseas income continues to rise, the high-speed light engine project achieves volume production on a scale and cross-cutting emerging business accelerates.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.