Mid 2022: h1 over-expected performance, ring ratio steady upwards, high-speed light engines and laser radars expected to continue on a continuous basis
Revenues of 577 million yuan, an increase of 17.92 per cent in the same year; net profit returns of 174 million yuan, an increase of 26.08 per cent in the same year; net profit deductions of 155 million yuan, an increase of 22.17 per cent in the same year; net profit returns of 174 million yuan, of which the net profit of the mother in the second quarter of 2022 was $91 million, the ring.
The company actively coordinates logistics and production to ensure stable delivery of orders, achieving double growth in business income and profits. On the one hand, it benefits mainly from the continued steady growth in demand for lightware products from the global data centre construction; and on the other hand, it uses the “Focus 5g and data” for fund-raising.
The Centre’s high-speed light engine construction project generated higher revenues than in the same period of the previous year; on the other hand, the company’s external sales were dominated by the United States dollar, and exchange rate fluctuations had a positive impact on the company’s profits.
The country’s 5g demand is expected to warm up gradually. The “high speed engine construction” project, which is being funded by companies, is progressing relatively well in a number of markets, with revenues rising on a par in H1 in 2022, before the second generation of capacity is being expanded, and is expected to contribute to a sustained increase in customer access in 20222h2.
We believe that high-speed light engine output can help to boost the company's performance: a steady growth in performance, a new race in the unit value of the module as a whole, and a number of market demand drivers will drive the company's future business.
▪ Expanding product lines and opening up new laser radar lanes to release industrial growth: the company, as the head player of the upper optical precision device, continuously integrates the relevant industrial chain vertically, extending the product line, and Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394); 2021
The laser radar and the medical examination track are expanding around optical devices. On laser radar, the company reports a robust growth in performance, a new track, building on the existing mature optical device development platform, providing passive light transmissions to downstream laser radar manufacturers.
Further opening up the growth space and the source-based encapsulation products have now been delivered to small volumes of client products. We believe that corporate luminous radar operations have rapid transformation, mass production capacity, and greater potential for future growth.
Telecommunications (300394); 2021  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: telecommunication markets and digital markets in the company ' s deep-farming telecommunications industry, with quick performance ratings: Illustrative logic continues to grow
Su, we keep looking at the future robust growth of Skyfoo communications and maintain a “buy-in” rating.