\triangleright, 25/08/2022
The net profit from the withdrawal is $154 million, or 21.5 per cent more than in the previous year. From the q2 quarter, the income from the industry was $295 million, an increase of 19.6 per cent, the ring was 4.2 per cent, and the net profit from the repatriation was $90 million.
\triangleright, influenced by the recurrent epidemic and the relatively weak demand in downstream telecommunications markets, continues in a wide range of downstream areas.
17.9% and 25.5% of growth. Overall, the downstream entourage is reflected in many ways, with cloud giant capex high & year-round guidance, with successive year-to-year coops between March and June. Both increases are strong evidence of high twilight in the twilight twigs.
The opportunity of high-end light modules, such as 200g/400g, has led to an increase in the demand for the company ' s multi-lightware product line product line (S01052111003)
At the same time, in line with the growth in demand, companies continue to improve their production capacity, accelerating the conversion of Arctic light power to Jiangxi production bases, while promoting the expansion of production capacity in phase II of the high-speed light engine of the project. On this basis, they are also actively preparing for the establishment of overseas factories to promote the global distribution of production capacity.
Research assistant Maja Wei, the high-speed light engine will be able to produce a mass product and start an expansion, which is expected to accelerate its contribution to performance: corporate \triangleright
The fund-raising project “The high-speed light engine construction project for 5 g and data centres” is progressing well, with the first phase of the product-scale bulk delivery, the company preparing for phase II expansion of capacity, accompanied by a sustained increase in capacity and release in the second half of the year, expected to further contribute positively to the company's performance. Meanwhile, the company continues to increase its research and development investment, focusing on the “highway”
Light engine development with zero components, silicon chip integration into high-speed light engine development, laser chip integration high performance rating: performance meets expectations, needs architecture in a wide range of fields
Projects such as Quick Light Engine R & D continue to build up their competitive advantages in the field of high-speed light engines. Growth drivers - 2022/07/19 2. Fibre communications (300394.sz) reporting in the first quarter of 2022
Laser radar operations ready for downstream demand: the company relies on existing mature optical instruments \triangleright assessment: robust performance growth, high overseas demand & high exchange rate
The development platform, with its own specialization in a variety of fields, such as basic materials and components, optical design, and integrated envelopes, will build up dual benefits - 2022/04/27 - to provide downstream basic element-type and integrated device products.
3. Mobil Communications (300394.sz) 2021: Small batch certification is going well, and companies continue to improve the optimisation process to be ready for a big-scale boost. The future will be accompanied by strong downstream performance, with high-speed light engine activity generating a second growth.
In demand, it is expected that the growth space of the company will be significantly expanded. 4. Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394.sz) reports that performance is strong, waiting for new business to rise to build new growth poles in the future.
Billion dollars, corresponding to a pep multiplier of 31x24x/19x. Companies, as the country's scarce platform-type lightware one-stop solution provider, have a strong traditional no-source business, a clear synergy between active and non-source device operations, prominent platform attributes, continuous expansion of high-speed light engines, a surge in laser radar operations and company growth.
The \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, produces the report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.