23q1 new business and high-end new product support companies showed significant growth in their performance 2022 and 2023q1 performance ratings: the company recently disclosed its annual report 2022 and its quarterly report 2023. In 2022, the company achieved a harvest.
46,829 million yuan, an increase of 10.42 per cent over the same period; net profit on return to the mother is 6,446 million yuan, an increase of 14.24 per cent over the same year.In the first quarter of 2023, the company earned 6,195 million yuan, an increase of 7.65 per cent over the same period; net profit on return to the mother was 2023q1, and net profit on return to the company was significantly increased.
Research assistant: Inmobilization and industrial control, relay protection and flexible transmission of electricity, automated electricity information communication, generation of electricity and movement, the net profit from the collection and repatriation of companies has grown steadily. 2023q1, companies have expanded their new industries.
The development of new products at the higher end of the spectrum has contributed to a 7.65 per cent growth in corporate revenue and to a 3.71 percentage point increase in the Māori rate, thereby contributing to a significant increase in the net return profit of companies. 1.17 per cent, or 6.67 per cent of the revenue.
In the future, companies will speed up their plans for new power systems, and will speed up their efforts to shut down new power systems.
The company focused on market expansion. In 2022, the company accelerated the expansion of the market in the electricity grid, with dispatch and transformation.
Rapid growth in electricity, electricity use, grid digitization and electricity markets; good growth in off-grid operations, with new contracts growing by 25 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with significant growth in new energy generation, storage, environmental protection and meteorology; and a gradual improvement in international operations, with a soft switch to flow valves, and an overall solution for fai
In the future, the company will focus on the internal and external markets of the grid, keep track of the super-high-pressure projects such as gold uptown, Kandong-Shangdong, etc., and actively promote a new generation of dispatchers, a new generation of central control stations, etc.
Large projects are on the ground, increasing market expansion. Research reports, “positive” investors are only suitable for use at risk levels not higher than “medium- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for use in all categories of our Division, who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner and are known independently and objectively.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.