Medical Health Research Center Win-Six buys (first rating) high barriers through non-pest, and two main industries develop robustly.
Industry: The non-false epidemic has led to a super-pig cycle that accelerates the process of scalding: it has had a significant impact on the country's pig-breeding industry, with a 31.9 per cent decline in the same year as July, reaching the largest decline in history, and a slow resumption of the farm-breeding process in the face of the epidemic, which has led to a high rate of time and prices.
The point is going to be higher than before; and because of the weak biocontrol capacity and the lack of financial resources, the epidemic will accelerate the exit, the country’s scalding of pig farming is expected to accelerate, and the leading companies will benefit fully.
At 22.3 million, or 3.2 per cent of the total number of live pigs; at the present stage of the non-pest epidemic and the weekly cycle, model management and pig production are considered to be the core elements of the company's steady production: 1) the “company + farm” model effectively guarantees expansion and cost; the “wench” model is achievable.
The rapid expansion of production capacity, the spread of the Winch model, which is more dispersed and relatively less affected by the epidemic, while at the same time allowing companies to effectively mitigate the financial and land needs of the expansion, fully safeguard farmers' benefits, and support scale expansion; and the cost of effective control of the Winch model: the company in 2017.
The cost is 12 yuan/kg, which is well below the average of 14.3 yuan/kg for large-scale households, mainly due to: (a) the unified provision of goods and services by the Department of Public Administration for cooperative farmers, which reduces intermediate costs; and (b) the level of profitability of the farmers, which is directly linked to the efficiency of the farm, which is actively controlled by the farmers.
2) In the context of the epidemic, pig production capacity is a core asset and the company has an advanced breeding system; the company is the country ' s largest producer of pigs, with a core group of approximately 32,000 pig farmers, and a total of nine breeding sub-firms that have been radioactive throughout the country, effectively securing the supply of seeds during the epidemic period.
The potential for future expansion of companies is well documented: the development of pigs requires adequate land, productive capacity and financial resources, and land is not currently a major constraint under the corporate model. The main factors are capacity and finance: 1) The public sector has sufficient reserves and extensive distribution of productive capacity: the company produced about 31,850,000 head of capacity at the end of 2018 and currently growing pigs.
(b) Shen Jia Yeon is the country's pig-born, yellow-root-headed company, which has clear advantages in terms of management, technology, funding, etc.
The risk of an African swine plague; the risk that prices will not rise as expected; the risk that production will expand at as low a rate as expected; the risk of food safety: the risk of other diseases: equity investment: release of the risk.
1.1 From chicken to pig farming, the development of a stable and integrated layout , formerly a new district set up in 1983, and the creation in 1989 of the “Corporate + Farm Household” model, which was replicated in 1997 for the military pig industry, changed to a limited shareholding in 2012
The company, which in 2015 absorbed the merger of Guangdong Farm Animal Health Co. Ltd. by swapping shares, was listed as a whole on its own business board, and in 2016 the organizational framework was adjusted to establish the Ministry of poultry, the Ministry of Pigs and the Ministry of Agriculture.
▪ As companies have continued to move downstream in recent years, they have now established integrated business models that include chicken and pig breeding, commercial chicken and pork farming, marketing, disease control, feed production and technology development, accompanied by financial investments, farming equipment, dairy and fresh marketing, etc.
(b) In 2018, the company sold 748 million meat chickens, 22,297,000 meat pigs, 31,333.1 thousand ducks, 194,000 eggs, 755,000 tons of original milk and 1.69 million tons of finished milk.
▪ The stock structure of the company is more fragmented, with the Wines family being the controlling shareholder and the actual controlling person of the company; the company does not have a single shareholder with more than 5 per cent of the shares, each with a smaller shareholding and a smaller shareholding; so far, members of the Wines family together hold 16.3 per cent of the total stock of the company, the second largest.
The family holds 4.8% of the company’s shares in total, and it is in the context of full ownership that the common goals, the common interests, and the steady and rapid development of the Winch are linked. Chart 3: Corporate equity structure
In 2018, the company produced 22.3 million pigs, representing about 3.2 per cent of our total sales, 748 million chickens, accounting for 19 per cent of the total sales, accounting for 9 per cent of the country's chicken production, and the company's collection structure.
In 2018, the share of farm farming was 96.89 per cent, of which the share of farm farming was 60.88 per cent, the share of poultry farming was 35.98 per cent, and the share of pig farming and poultry farming were the company’s two main business units.
The company collected $30,435 million, an increase of 20.22 per cent over the same period. The net return to the mother was $1,329 million, at the same price as the pig price, mainly due to the outbreak of the African swine plague, and the company increased its expenditures in the first half of the year, including costs for biosafety control, but the current supply and demand gap is evident as a result of the deproductive effects of non-pestivities on the pig industry.
The prices of piglets are rising and companies are expected to improve steadily in the future.2 Industry: non-pest leads to super pig cycles, and the epidemic is rising rapidly in scale by 2.1 non-pests leads to super pig cycles
Due to the existence of the taronet model and the cycle of pig production, there is a clear pig cycle in the pig industry in the country. • The first cycle was driven by the rapid degeneration of production capacity in the second half of 2007, mainly due to the outbreak of the pig blue ear disease in some of the pig-producing provinces; it was followed by an increase in the price of pigs in the second half of 2008; it was completed in 2008
The impact of the global financial crisis and the April 2009 swine flu epidemic, which resulted in a marked decline in consumer demand for pork, led to a decline in pig prices: pig prices began to rise in the first half of 2010 and peaked around June 2011 owing to higher costs of feed, such as heat disease, snow in the south and maize prices.
▪ Second cycle: Environmental policy was gradually implemented in 2014 with the government ' s policy effect of encouraging pig-breeding, with prices falling down gradually, and industry ' s continued degeneration led to high prices of pig-breeding, peaking around June 2016.
In August 2018, the country experienced its first non-pestival epidemic, with high mortality rates, short-term failure to develop and produce vaccines, rapid de-chemicalization of industrial production, and a high cycle of pig production.  A low-scale pig-breeding and vertical integration of the pig-producing chain can be observed.
At a lower level, external shocks, such as epidemics, disasters, financial crises, often contribute to the creation of a “pig cycle.” The cycle is currently in the upper cycle, with the current cycle lasting longer than ever before and with higher prices.
By July, the hog-rich stock had fallen by 31.9 per cent and the ring by 8.9 per cent, the largest decline in history: taking into account, for example, statistical errors, environmental monitoring points errors and the fact that there are currently hog-rich data or real situations where prices are real market demand and supply, etc.
In response, in terms of the price of the pig and the price of the pig, it can be seen that the price of the pig and the pig rose rapidly in February and February of this year, and that the rise in the price of the pig was sustained, reflecting the serious dechemicalization of the pig and its reduced production and supply, and that the life cycle of the pig was at an advanced stage.
From the point of view of the ability to degenerate, the previous cycle saw a maximum decomposition of 15 per cent, bringing the historical peak in pig prices 21.2 yuan/kg, whereas to date, 31.9 per cent of the current production capacity has been degenerated, and a significant decomposition of the supply end will result in far higher prices for pigs this week than in the past; from the recommenced side, given the catalytic factors of the original cycle.
As a result of the high mortality rate for non-pest diseases and the high uncertainty surrounding the short-term listing of vaccines, the current situation with regard to the rebirth of the farm supplementation system is not positive and will result in the cycle continuing well beyond the past. 2.2 The accelerated scale-up of the African pigpest epidemic.
The scale of pig farming is still low in our country; the scale of the pig farming industry has been increasing slowly since the market in 2007, and the environmental policy introduced in 2014 has led to a significant increase in the scale, with about 52 per cent of the country's large farms in 2017, with the top 20 large-scale enterprises accounting for the largest share of the total.
Compared to about 9.8%, European and American countries like the United States have reached 95% in scale-raising in the last century, and there is still much room for scaling up. The epidemic has led to a significant de-occupancy and accelerated scale-up; in Russia, for example, it is not a plague.
Since the outbreak, small-scale farms have less bioresistance than large-scale farms, and the State has provided a national supply of piglets by subsidizing large-scale farms, the small-scale farms have continued to decline. The impact of the non-pest disease on the country’s pig-breeding industry is now greater than it is on a larger scale.
In the case of farmers, who are less able to prevent and control the disease, and who are relatively weak in terms of financial strength and management, there will be a permanent withdrawal of the family, so that, in the normal course of the epidemic, the country ' s pig-breeding is scaled up3 and the company: it looks at the head of the super-pig cycle.
3.1 Heads of livestock, with robust numbers, were raised by the company for pig production, reaching 22.3 million in 2018, accounting for the total number of pig productions in the country, and in the context of the non-pest disease, the company adjusted its restrictive stock-locking conditions to better motivate its employees.
Restricted stock incentives are the core and legacy of the Winch-Sharing culture, and companies have a strong incentive to achieve the goal of adjusting their gross operating income to 10 per cent increase in 2019 over their gross operating income in 2017. 3.2 Success is key: the Winch model effectively guarantees cost advantages and expansion of production capacity
In the 1980s, the company launched the “Corporate + Farm Household” model, where farmers are contracted to own their produce during the rearing process and to settle for the recycling of raw pigs.
Market risks have been borne by farmers, who have borne some of the risks of farming; after decades of development, companies have continued to optimize their models and partner farmers. In 2018, they had 275 holding companies and 50,000 cooperative farmers (or family farms) in more than 20 provinces of the country (direct municipalities or self-rule areas).
Figure 20: In terms of industrial chains and companies, farmers - The farm model determines the future growth of the company, the Winch model is aggressive, reservable, effective guarantee of the growth rate and cost control two core factors:
Effectively guaranteeing rapid expansion of light assets: easing financial pressure: under this model, pig farm construction is carried out by the breeder or third party, effectively mitigating the financial need for corporate expansion, and corporate asset liabilities are much lower than industry averages, operating robustly; and land pressure: livestock is heavily polluted.
(a) Land demand is tight, but in this model companies work together to farm hundreds to thousands of farmers to build their own pigs farms and use their idle land for rapid expansion;
The farm farm (family farm) model fully protects the interests of farmers. Although the number of co-operative farmers has declined in the last two years, the average size of cooperative farming has increased from more than 500 to more than 700, and the efficiency of cooperative farming households has increased to support the expansion of the company's size.
At the same time, we can see an annual increase in the cost of farm farming for all companies, with rural populations generally earning 240,000 yuan in agricultural production or opting to work abroad in 2018 for all cooperative households, significantly higher than the average income for farmers, and far higher than the return for farmers under the corporate model.
The benefits of out-of-work work can be effectively tied to farmers. 2) Effective cost control: the full cost of a company is far below industry average and has shown a downward trend in recent years at a high management level, with a full cost of $12/kg in 2017, well below the scale,
In 18 years, the cost of raising the cost of biocontrol by non-pessil companies has risen to around $12.53/kg. From a corporate perspective, companies can effectively reduce their supply of supplies, technical services and marketing services for cooperative farmers or family farms.
Market fluctuations in seedlings, feed, veterinary medicines, etc., and effective reduction of intermediate costs; From the point of view of the breeder: the profit of the farmer depends on the recovery of the meat of the pig, the weight on the market, the number of days of maintenance, seedlings and the use of the goods, the level of which is directly related to the efficiency of the farm, its results, etc.