Pd-1 joint folfox4 treatment of late-stage hepatocells was approved for ii clinical treatment, adapted to enhance product potential.
Incident: On 17 July 2019, the company issued an announcement that the combined folfox4 vs. folfox4 first line for the treatment of late-stage hepatocyte cancer was approved by the National Drug Control Service for random, parallel matching, blind, multi-centrism ii clinical research.
In addition, the Kareli Juche (shr-1210) joint kapertabin and Osali pyramus sequences run along Kari, the plateni anti-sulphuric acid treatment has been either late in or transferred to unsystematic treatment; Random, open, multi-centric iii of transvestite stomach cancers (gc) or gastric tube boundary cancers (gej)
The clinical treatment of terminal hepatocyte cancers was approved on line 4 of the Carrillox Unit, and the number of patients with hepatic cancer in China is wide on line 1 of the big disease. Globocan 2018 studies show that hepatic cancer is a cause of morbidity.
In terms of mortality, hepatoctic cancer accounts for 8.2% of the total cancer population. Hepatoctic cancer is the second largest burden for men over women and for developing countries over developed countries. Male hepatitis cancer is the sixth most common cause of death in developed countries and female morbidity is the sixth highest in developed countries.
According to China ' s cancer report for 2018, the number of new cases of liver cancer was 9.59%, and the incidence rate was fourth. The pd-1 product was approved for second-line treatment for overseas liver cancer and is clinically in the country.
First-line cancer drugs are approved for first-line molecular targets, such as Solafini, Dojimei, Rigofini, etc., while first-line treatment programmes for liver cancer in the country include the following: surgical removal (cost approximately 50,000-100,000), liver transplants (generally between 100,000 and hundreds of thousands), angioplasty.
Incoming (about 10,000), radio frequency decomposition (about tens of thousands). Now, the NWV has been approved for second-line treatment for liver cancer through a checkmate 040 study.
Hepatic cancer is on the market, of which Carrelei Jog is in the lead. Previously, the United States fda and China Nmpa had approved a global, multi-centre iii clinical study of late-stage liver cancers in Kareli Jog and China. The control group was Solafini.
The clinical results were excellent during the iii period of carcinoma in the esophagus, with a single anti-combined folfox4 vs. the combined folfox4 line for the treatment of late-stage hepatocyte cancer.
Patients, shr-1210 joint folfox4 programme first line for the treatment of late-stage hepatocyte cancers. Continuing Progress. 2019-07-09 bed test data show efficiency orr at 27.3% and disease control at dcr at 72.7%.
In addition to Carrera Jum, Pepsi State's Reilly Rolling Stone against Hepatocyte Cancer is already 2, Henry Medicine (600276), has been approved to market and speed up corporate innovation.
The treatment of late or transferary stomach cancers (gc) or the iii of the gastroenteral concourse has been approved by the Carretile Jumperus programme, which further expands the adaptive pathology in thousands of cases, with an average of nearly 12,000 diagnosed cancers per day, of which nearly 40 per cent are carcinogens, stomachs, colons, etc., from the global point of view.
Today, at the pd-1 plant in China, with the exception of Hsing Ri-yi, Ninda, Chi-Sang, and Jun-su are now in clinical iii. With the exception of liver, stomach, and stomach cancer, Carrelei is now fighting non-small cell lung cancer, nasal cancer, and dietary cancer.
Clinical iii period, leading the country, the space for products will increase as the adaptive situation expands. Based on firm’s sound business style, diversified product lines, and a rich stock of research and development pipelines, we expect high-volume products such as public pd-1, celeani, violet protein to grow in sales, and rich R & D pipelines for companies.
As industry leaders, companies benefit from the policy’s benefits of innovation and a moderate increase in industry, so we maintain a “buy-in” rating. Corporate bidding for pharmaceuticals is lower than expected: approval of pharmaceutical reviews is less advanced than expected: R&D pipelines are less advanced than expected:
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board