Heung Swe Medicines (600276) High growth in oncology tubes, performing in line with expectations Medical organisms earned $5,059 million in business income in the second quarter, an increase of 29.61 per cent over the same period; realization of credits
The net profit of the mother was $1,220 million, an increase of 27.03 per cent over the same period. There was a slight increase in corporate sales, with net interest rates falling as a result of rising R&D costs, operating cash flows increasing by 9.43 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and companies doing well, performing well.
The oncology product line has been growing. With the company’s innovation medicine on the market, the rapid growth of these products has largely benefited from the rapid release of new products such as protein violet, 19k, and pyrocynics, which have been listed in the past year, several new products are expected to go through the medical profession in the future.
During the reporting period, the company Carrelliad was officially listed with the classic Hodgkin lymphoma adaptive disease, while the Kareli Dalcon was more than expected in terms of clinical progress in major adaptive areas such as liver cancer, lung cancer and dietary cancer.
With the completion of clinical declaration production for other adaptive disorders, the Kareli Pearl Lines are expected to become a big, star-grade, equable breed. During the reporting period, the company’s film-making and anaesthetic lines are expected to continue to grow well.
The research and development of the new drug is progressing well, Rimar Xiallon has been included in the priority reviews, and Rigretine, Heng Gretchen, Haekkupa, etc. are at the clinical or production stage of the iii. In the development of the innovation drug, the company has basically developed an innovative drug application for clinical treatment every year, every 2-3 years.
There are positive developments in the marketing of innovative medicines. The consistency evaluation is continuing, with one product receiving a consistent evaluation batch and seven products completing a consistent evaluation declaration during the reporting period.
The tape was approved in the United Kingdom, Germany and the Netherlands; one application for raw materials was submitted to the United States and New Zealand; the anti-pd-1 antibody shr-1210 combined Apadaloni sulfonic acid line was conducted in an orderly manner.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.