Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Break-through reforms, up sales, innovation drives performance, Heung Swe Medicine.
In mid-2019, Heung Swe's medicine started as an anti-cancer drug, and now has four major companies that publish semi-annual reports for 2019, raising revenues of $10.26 billion over the reporting period.
Blocks: Anti-cancer, surgical anesthesia, film agent and integrated line, research and development with a strong corporate involvement in the pharmaceutical industry in the country with the largest and most innovative inputs, in the field of anti-cancer, anti-cancer, anti-cancer and anti-cancer industries.
25.21 per cent; net operating cash flow of $1,452 million, an increase of 9.43 per cent over the same period. A large number of heavy-pound varieties have accumulated in areas such as cardiovascular, rheumatism.
In recent years, the company has continued to reap the fruits of innovation, the product pipeline has been significantly supplemented, the product structure has continued to improve, and the rapid release of new varieties + the continued growth of older products has led to rapid growth in performance.
The four main operating blocks of anaesthesia, imaging and integration, the release of new and approved varieties in the field of anti-cancer, such as Giuldeni, Ca Relijo, and Sulphur Pefrestin, will accelerate their release in the future if they enter the health care system; the first half of the year, the first half of the intoxicated plate, has seen an increase in income of more than 20 per cent, and the price increase in Butofino is faster this year.
Other varieties, such as Karpofin, have also grown somewhat; the projectile plate, which was undersupplied last year because of capacity problems, has been resolved this year, with incomes growing at a rate of over 40 per cent in the first half of the year; and the composite plate has grown at a slower pace than the other plates, mainly because of the number of older varieties, of which Erisib and UBS have grown at a faster rate in the last two years.
In 2018, the company began a sales division reform, creating the Department of Oncology, Images and Integrated Products by product lines, changing marketing patterns and establishing a specialized marketing system, which has now been built.
The country’s marketing network, with its growing professionalization, is laying the foundation for a strong product, and we believe that the company’s marketing system has changed qualitatively, from traditional end-to-product orientation to more sophisticated, more clinically responsive, not only to the company’s innovative medicine.
Demand, which also provides new growth poles for product volumes, is expected to contribute more to sales growth in the future. In addition, companies continue to enhance the layout of integrated panels, develop retail terminals to capture new profitable growth points, and now have more than 1,000 people on the line, with a future planning of 3,000.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Break-through reforms to raise sales levels and innovation to boost performance.
During the reporting period, companies continued to add up their R & D inputs, increasing their performance in the future, by 1.48 billion, or 49.13 per cent more than in the previous reporting period, and the share of R & D inputs in the year was expected to be higher. During the reporting period, companies submitted 74 new domestic patents, 21 new international pct applications, 13 domestic authorizations and 22 foreign authorizations. Companies were the largest source of R & D and innovation in the domestic pharmaceutical industry.
Businesses, which have accumulated heavy-pound varieties in the fields of anti-cancer, anesthesia, rheumatism and diabetes, are expected to further enrich the company's product lines and drive the company's future.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Break-through reforms to raise sales levels and innovation to boost performance.
In the pharmaceutical industry, a 10-year experience in securities medicine has been a core member of the new wealth team.
The researcher’s own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.