Increased investment in research and development, performance: 30 August 2019, company ' s semi-annual 2019 report, 209h1 operating income
Revenues of $5,059 million (29.61 per cent), net profit returns of $1,220 million (+27.03 per cent) to the mother, operating income of the company maintaining high growth while increasing investment in research and development and performing as expected. • Corporate revenue and profits are growing at a high rate for several consecutive quarters, with 2019q2 continuously accelerating, with new varieties
The company’s oncology line is expected to grow by more than 25%, with new varieties of diazole, sulfur pelican (19k) and protein violet sapienol for the first six months of the year, with revenues of 300 million, 200 million, 600 million, and corporate heavy-pound Carelli pearls won at the end of July.
On a batch basis, more than 600 million revenues are expected to be generated throughout the year, with new varieties including successive releases such as abitlons. Iodine gram sarcophagus substitution effects are evident and are expected to increase at a rate of about 45 per cent; the Video Department, along with the chemate, is selling the existing varieties of cyclophosphamide, Dositas, Aquiku ammonium, heptafluoroane, etc.
In addition, the company recently declared the injection of datocinanda to enhance its international competitiveness, with R & D costs amounting to $1,484 million, an increase of 49.1 per cent over the same period, further increases in R & D inputs, and R & D costs amounting to 14.80 per cent, providing strong support for company project R & D and innovation development, including one.
An international multi-centre iii clinical trial program for hepatocyte cancer has been agreed with fda, and the country has been approved for treatment of unsystematic unrepeated cases.
Clinical trials for terminal hepatocellular cancer (hcc) patients; recent Kareliadol anti-combinant therapy for nsclc first-line therapeutic excellence as the second post-k drug for nsclc first-line prophylac, pd-1 for positive clinical results, and critical adaptive excellent clinical data are continuing.
The roll-out will further enhance the competitiveness of the Kareli Pearls against the pd-1 product market. At the same time, companies will increase their evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency, maintaining the competitiveness of existing varieties, passing consistent evaluations for older varieties such as Gio capsules and ground fluorine, and the approved clinical treatment of right-wing methomic snort sprays.
The species is competitive in a mass purchasing environment, and the combined folfox 4 front-line treatment is late, hepatocytes are admitted to iii clinical treatment, adapted to symptoms.
Dollars and $8,656 million, corresponding to 65 x, 50 x, and 39 x. The marketing of heavy-pound products such as Carrell Pearls, Cyclops, Visilol protein, and the rich R & D pipelines provide a sustained boost to the company’s future development. Companies, as industry leaders, benefit from policy-induced growth.
With excellent clinical results from the dietary cancer iii period, the benefits of innovation and increased concentration of industry, we maintain the “buy-in” rating. Abitron is the first to be marketed, and it's a combination.
Continuing Progress 2019-07-09 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board