The clinical results of pd-1 carcinoma iii were excellent, Abitt.
▪ Events: On July 9, 2019, the company issued an announcement that the Kareli Pearl monolithic second-line treatment of late edible cancers, random, open, chemotherapy comparisons, multi-centre iii clinical studies (in the short term “escott research”) reached the main research endpoint.
For patients with partial late-stage or diversionary dietary cancers who have failed to undergo first-line chemotherapy, the treatment chosen by the Kareli Pearl Monopoly Anti-Pharmacology Researcher can extend the patient’s total survival. At the same time, the company’s heavy-pound acetic acetic acetic acetic aberrations have recently been marketed as the first in the country.
Carrejole's anti-second-line treatment of terminal dietal cancers has reached the main clinical endpoint, and the adaptation promotion is mentioned. The escorpt study is a random, open, chemotherapy match, multi-centre iii clinical study, and patients have been given chemotherapy treatment. In recent days, this study has reached its pre-defined primary study.
The end-point is the total survival period. Research shows that the total survival period can be extended for patients who have failed in the first line of chemotherapy, either at a late stage or at a later stage, or in a later stage, in the case of transvestigated dietary stubble cancer, by taking the chemotherapy chosen by the Carrellite Anti-Pharmacology Studyer.
China has a large population of cancer of the dietary scale. The Globocan 2018 study shows that 572,000 people worldwide were newly diagnosed with carcinomas, while 509,000 died of carcinomas, ranking seventh and sixth among all tumours, most frequently in East Asia, and developed countries like Europe and America.
Relatively few, China is the largest country with carcinomas. According to China ' s cancer report of 2018, the number of new cases of carcinomas is 258,000, with the sixth highest incidence, of which 185,000 are males, 72,000 females, 193,000 deaths from carcinomas, the fourth highest in Asia and Africa.
More frequently in the country, where about 90 per cent of carcinomas are titaneous, clinical phase 3 began on 31 January of the year, with the Sindajdili Single Resistance Tp Programme treating first-line tube 1, Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Kari
The study of cancer was first made public on 21 November 2018, and Bgb-a317 and Rejoo were approved for listing in the state of Pixia, to accelerate the company's innovation product.
2019-06-03, 240 in China, and Swe is expected to be the fastest in terms of overall progress at the home of the national production of the pd-1 plant.
Carricorns are well placed and ahead of schedule against major neoplasms. The company's four major tumors, combined with the foundation of the preparations' exports, innovative medicines, are very aggressive and are expected to be listed in the second half of this year in the case of carcinomas in the diet.
With regard to liver cancer, in the first half of the year, the company submitted a new listing application for second-line drugs to treat hepatocyte cancer, stomach cancer, and the company's joint Apadeni treatment program went smoothly into clinical phase three, while it was not small cells.
On the other hand, the company’s joint drug program is in its third phase. The heavy-pound acetic acetic acetic acetic acetylons are marketed, the product is competitive, and the market space is wide.
The original researcher for Abitron was Johnson, first listed in the United States in April 2011, with prostate cancer, with a global sale of $3.5 billion in 2018. Zeco was approved for listing in China in 2015. Prostate cancer in China is the most common cancer in men’s urinary reproductive system, with a prevalence rate of about 98,000 per 100,000 people.
In 2017, Abitron negotiated access to health care, the cost of medicines fell by 53 per cent, health insurance was included in the accelerated stocking of varieties, and in 2018, the amount sold at Abitronpdb amounted to 325 million yuan.
This represents an increase of 594 per cent, or 8.5 times the volume of sales in 2017. At present, with the exception of Shing Swe, who has been approved for listing, Chengdu has been declared listed (2017.11), Chiru Pharmaceuticals (2018.6), Jung-sun (2018.3), Jiangxi Shang (2018.2) and Reddy, India (2018.10).
Based on firm’s sound business style, diversified product lines, and a rich stock of R & D pipelines, we expect high-volume products such as public pd-1, pd-1 and zirconian protein to grow in sales, and rich R & D pipelines for companies.
As industry leaders, companies benefit from the policy’s benefits of innovation and a moderate increase in industry, so we maintain a “buy-in” rating. Corporate bidding for pharmaceuticals is lower than expected: approval of pharmaceutical reviews is less advanced than expected: R&D pipelines are less advanced than expected:
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board