Heung Swe Pharmaceuticals (600276) has been approved and continues to improve the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company issued an announcement that the subsidiary, Chengdu Sindi Medicines Ltd., had recently received a pharmaceutical register, approved by the National Drug Surveillance Authority, authorizing the listing of the acetic acetic acetic acetic acetic acetic acetylene.
zytiga, used for the treatment of transtoxin resistant prostate cancer, was approved in April 2011 in the United States. Abitron acetic acetic acetic acetylene was transformed into abitlon, which is a synthesizing inhibitor of male hormones and inhibits 17 alpha-hydroxyase/c17.20 - fission enzyme (cyp 17); the product is shared with Punysson or Punysone.
For treatment for non-endocrine treatment or for treatment for endocrine treatment up to a maximum of three months, resistance to prostate cancer (mcrpc), newly diagnosed high-risk transfer endocrine treatment for sensitive prostate cancer (mhspc).
Abitlon’s sales have shown a rapid upward trend since it was listed, with $3.5 billion in 2018 and nearly two years of steady competition. In 2015, Abitlon was approved in China (the commodity is Zeco).
The common type of tumor is also the most common cancer of the urinary reproductive system among Chinese men. The company acetic acetic aberrates Abitros submitted a registration application in August 2017 to the National Drug and Monitoring Service, the country’s first model product, with a clear pre-emptive advantage based on the original research product, which is expected to lead to rapid release.
• Continuous improvement of the oncology product line, with more synergy with pd-1. The company is now focusing on innovation medicine, especially anticancer drugs, and is more firmly focused on innovation medicine in the context of the procurement policy. In the field of anticancer, companies are copying mainstream anticancer drugs, and are constantly copying them.
At the end of May, the company’s super-pound product, pd-1, was officially approved as the third national product, the pd-1 company. Each year, 4.3 million new cases of neoplasms occur in the country and 1.8 million people die, so that the pd-1 domestic market has a large patient base.
In terms of treatment effects, pd-1 will generally be treated jointly in the future, with better combinations. Therefore, companies will ensure that they have more comprehensive oncology product lines, and that future co-medication with pd-1/pd-l1 is possible.
The sales reform and innovation varieties have been approved to catalyze the company into Heung Swe Medicine (600276): a super-pound pd-1 for a new development cycle that drives companies to move from traditional generics to innovative pharmaceutical strategies and to maintain “buy-in”
Obtaining approval, growing the most dynamic in place (2019-06-02) 4. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Heavy pounds of innovation is gaining ground.
Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Elituk has entered into the priority review to open up the export transfer declaration channels No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.