Today, the company released its semi-annual report for 2019.
Period. Income of $10.30 billion, 29.2 per cent of the year; net profit of the mother is $2.41 billion, and company performance of the same year is expected, with a projected rapid release of new approved varieties of neoplasms and cinematographers: the company has achieved a similar rate of increase of about 29.2 per cent, and we expect to sell it with last year's new batch of oncology and film agent varieties.
In terms of volume, new strains of tumours, such as platinum, 19k, and protein violet, are added to the increase in value added tax; research and development inputs continue to grow, and clinical progress in the development of new medicines is expected. The heavy weight pd1 has been approved for sale, clinical progress is higher than expected, and rapid release is expected in the second half of the year: companies are heavy.
Pd-1 (Carelliad) is now on the market, and we expect to do it fast in the first month of the month. The Carlireds have now been approved with classic Hodgkin lymphoma adaptive.
On the market, other adaptive conditions are well advanced, and liver cancer is expected to be declared and prioritized; three stages of lung and cerebral cancers have been completed and better clinical data are expected to report production as soon as possible; others, such as stomach cancer, are in three stages of clinical development.
In the immediate-Henry Medicine Review, 2018.9.25, other major adaptive disorders gradually completed their clinical declaration production, expecting subsequent sales of pd-1. Research and development costs are constantly increasing, early clinical potentials and overseas clinical potentials are expected: first half of the company
The batch of fda Clinics, shr 1702, shr 1701 etc. has been approved by the Clinical Certificate, pd-1 UAPATI Fda in three stages.pd-l1 Uil-15 has been approved by the Clinic. We anticipate that the new bed varieties will contain a heavy load of new drugs, and we recommend that attention be paid to l-17, pd-l1/tgf beta, etc. in the country’s clinical settings.
Clinical progress on new medicines, and progress on a first-line clinical programme for overseas pd-1 co-opaigne liver cancer. Given the company’s performance in selling innovative drugs on the market, as well as the steady increase in domestic and foreign approval of high-quality generics, we maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating.
There is uncertainty about the procurement of generic pharmaceutical belts. There is uncertainty about the progress of research and development of innovative medicines. There is uncertainty about the clinical and approval of generic and innovative medicines overseas.
There is uncertainty about changes in items such as prepaid advances, investment returns, out-of-business expenditures, etc. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, and then an average of the final rating is calculated as the average market investment
Click here to enter text.