The growth in the income of the Heung Swe Medicines (600276) has continued to accelerate, and the growth in R & D inputs has continued to increase significantly, at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Summary of performance: corporate business income of $10.03 billion in the first half of 2019, an increase of 29.2 per cent in the same year; net profit of $2.41 billion in the same year, an increase of 26.3 per cent in the same year; net profit of $2.29 billion after deduction, an acceleration in income growth of the same year, and growth driven by the spread of new varieties.
For $5.06 billion, $1.22 billion, an increase of 29.6 per cent and 27 per cent over the same year, the increase in revenue was higher than 2018q2. The main reasons for the acceleration of income growth in 209h1 were: 1) sales of line products were activated after the distribution of the lines of the company, with rapid growth in the volume of the Ere Scheffer, non-Bubles-based integrated line products; 2) new approvals were granted in the last two years.
The sales of heavy-pound varieties have contributed significantly, with 19k, pyrolyoni, and violet sapol (the protein-combined) having been approved, making no significant gains. The cost rate has remained stable during the first half of the year, with the sales cost rate of 2019h1 per point, mainly due to rapid growth in R&D costs.
Declared, containing 3 1 class and 2 type 1 biological drugs; as of now, the cumulatively declared 1 category of companies continues to be reflected, and the company ' s heavy-pound pd-1 species was approved in May and officially marketed at the end of July; new adaptive conditions at pd-1 are moving in an orderly manner, and the treatment of single-drug liver cancer has been reported; and
The Apalyni campaign for liver cancer adaptive therapy in the United States is expected to be approved at the end of 2019 in an orderly advance of the ultra-short-activist Rimán. The internationalization strategy is continuing. 209h1, in ibre film sulphate in the United Kingdom and Germany.
In addition to the approval of the Netherlands, a request for raw drugs was submitted to the United States fda, and a request for raw medicines was submitted to emerging markets, such as New Zealand; in innovative drugs, the anti-pd-1 antibody combination Apadaloni line, an international multi-centre clinical trial for the treatment of hepatocyte cancer, was conducted in the United States. To date, the company has a package in place.
Eighteen formulations, including injections, oral preparations and inhalants, were approved on Euro-American Day, 63, 48, 38 times the number of pe. Marketing reform and innovation varieties were approved as catalysts to enter the new distribution cycle and to drive companies to move from traditional generics to innovative drug-making strategies, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Obtained, continuously perfected tumor products (2019-07-10) 2. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Super Heavy Pd-1
No one received any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report, for not having been, not having been, or having been, given the approval to do so (2019-06-02).
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.