Research and development has been growing in size and innovation has become increasingly clear-- the Hing Swe has reported an event: Hing Swe medicine published its semi-annual report in 2019, and it was sold in the first half of 2019.
Zhang Jingxian... $1.22 billion (+27.03 per cent) to realize the net profit from non-repatriation of $1,134 million.
R & D costs have increased significantly, and R & D inputs have increased further, totalling 1,484 million yuan in the first half of 2019, representing an increase of 30.36 per cent over the same sales cost, for academic extension and innovative drug specialization platforms.
Market costs, such as construction, rose by 40.39 per cent, significantly higher than total sales costs, suggesting that companies further increased their investment in academic outreach. The first half of the year saw a slight decline in net corporate interest rates as a result of increases in sales and research and development costs.
In the first half of the year, the company's research and development project progressed steadily, with the elimination of heavy-pound product pd-1 from Erica, which was approved for listing, and a number of other innovation varieties that successfully advanced the iii phase.
Ricka started with the company's vast R & D layout, which gradually became clear, starting with the first innovation drug, the Apadaloni monopolized, and now coming from the point to the face, the scope and depth of R & D synchronized to create a full-scale combination of treatment for Chinese patients.
The internationalization of generic medicines has steadily advanced, the internationalization of innovative medicines has opened a new chapter in internationalization, and companies have continued to scale up their internationalization strategies in the first half of 2019, actively expanding overseas markets.
On the Monita study: Breathing films were approved in the United Kingdom, Germany and the Netherlands, and heavy-pound datomoxin was approved in the United States and is expected to be marketed in the United States in October this year.
The Monita study was the only time that the company submitted a drug application for raw materials to the United States of America under the banner of the New Money Group; a drug application for raw materials to emerging markets, such as New Zealand.
Since its inception in 2005, 18 formulation products, including pharmaceutical preparations and inhaled anaesthesia, have been approved in Euro-Americans.
A global multi-centre ii phase of clinical treatment for hepatocyte cancer was conducted for major global investment agencies and companies, and now the industry provides capital market investment strategies, information numbers.
According to industry-related research services, we conclude that, with the approval of several innovative medicines, we believe that companies begin to enter into large-scale asset management, both domestic and foreign.
During the critical period of the restructuring of varieties, companies began to invest more in academic outreach, companies, insurance companies, private fund-raising funds and various types of income, and the pattern of intra-firm distribution of sales teams in the area of disease was also represented.
The company began to move into a professional marketing model that was promoted by the academic community. Driven by the innovation shift in R & D and marketing, the company’s future development continues to be valued.
As a member of China’s most influential financial and media group + top think tank, research and development investment is constantly increasing, and innovative layouts are becoming increasingly clear – a few comments from Secretary-General Hen Swe.
Billion yuan, 29.19 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a net profit of 2,422 million yuan on a year-on-year basis, 26.32 per cent on a year-on-year basis, 2,289 million yuan on a year-on-year basis, 25.21 per cent on a year-on-year basis, $5,059 million on a company q2, 29,61 per cent on a year-on-year basis, 12.20 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and a marked increase in the cost of research and development, with an increasing rate of innovation inputs.
In the first half of 19th year, the company achieved sales revenue of $10.26 billion, an increase of 29.19 per cent, a net return to the mother of $2,412 million, an increase of 26.32 per cent, a net gain of $2,289 million, an increase of 25.21 per cent. In the second quarter of the year, the company achieved a net profit of 50.59 million yuan, an increase of 22.72 per cent over the same period of the previous year.
The company ' s 2019 q2 non-profit rate of growth, mainly in the second quarter of the year, was 40.39 per cent higher than the growth in market costs, such as the construction of industrialized platforms, indicating a further increase in academic inputs. The first half of the year saw an increase in sales and research and development costs, and a slight decline in net corporate interest rates.
Economic indicators grew steadily in the first half of 19 and the main drivers were two aspects, one being the harvest of innovative results, and the start of new innovative medicines contributing to income, which contributed to the growth of performance; the other was the optimization of the structure of corporate products, which, with the restructuring of the company ' s products, was gradually expanding the market in the area of treatment of the company ' s non-resistant products, represented by surgical anesthesia, film-making agents and their respective treatments.
Figure 2: Three major cost rates for Heung Swe medicine in 2019.
Figure 3: Henry's Māori Medicine and Net Interest Rates, R & D innovation from point-to-face, multi-layered product wiring map, corporate R & D projects steadily advanced in the first half of the year, heavy-pound product pd-1 was approved for market, and there were a number of successful innovation varieties.
The recent data released by Erica on wclc in 2019 on the first line of non-synchronous non-small cell lung cancer is particularly bright, demonstrating the capacity of the public to develop and develop compared to the U.S. foreign-head companies. The company pd-1 has submitted a listing application for second-line liver cancer adaptive disorders to cde, in addition to the approved Hodge King lymphoma.
iii Clinics have been completed and are expected to be marketed in 20 years, while Erica's clinical trials for other tumors are in iii bed. Starting with pd-1s against Erica, the company's vast R & D layouts are gradually clear, from the first innovative drug, Apateni, a single dotted form, to the point-to-face, the breadth and depth of research and development is synchronized to create a full-scale combination of treatment for Chinese patients.
In the case of high lung cancer in China, the company's current stock and abundance of products in the field of lung cancer include pd-1 single anti-Irica, anti-vascular drug Apadaloni, egfr-tkiphidini, her 2-tki Arini, multi-chemistry and oncological assistive drugs 19k and hemolytic ethanolamine, the combination of which adequately meets the different conditions of the disease.
In another area of breast cancer with a high incidence of cancer in China, with the exception of the marketed carcinomas and pd-1 single anti-Irica drugs, Cdk4/6 inhibitors, parp inhibitors, her2-adc, oral serd, gnrh receptor antagonists can meet the demand for medications for breast cancer patients in different disease situations. As the clinical progress of individual products progresses, companies build them.
The wiring of powerful anti-cancer products is gradually becoming clear, demonstrating the firm’s strong capacity for innovation and development. Figure 5: The layout and direction of Heung Swe products in breast cancer (Red Shun Siu is already on the market, Blue is on the market, but not yet on the market) The internationalization of generic drugs is steadily advancing, and the internationalization of innovation drugs is opening a new chapter
In terms of internationalization, companies continued to scale up their internationalization strategies in the first half of 2019, actively expanding their overseas markets. In terms of internationalization, the hydrogen sulphate Ibresis was approved in the United Kingdom, Germany, and the Netherlands, and Datomoxin was approved in the United States and is expected to be marketed in the United States in October this year.
In addition, during the reporting period, the company submitted to the United States of America an application for a raw drug; one application for a raw drug was submitted to an emerging market such as New Zealand. The company now has 18 drugs, including injections, oral preparations, and inhalants.
One formulation was approved on Euro-American Day. The future direction of research and development in internationalization of generics is focused on a variety of technical barriers, including overseas stockpiles of counterfeiting tubes, followed by a number of marketable and barrier-free products, such as multiple mammography varieties, protein violet alcohol, palli ketone buffers and boronylene zomis.
With regard to the internationalization of innovative medicines, the pd-1 clinical trial against the Apadeni for first-line treatment of hepatocyte cancer, which was conducted in a global multi-centre iii phase, is now being conducted in an orderly fashion. Summary: With the approval of several innovative drugs on the market, we believe that the company is entering a critical phase in the restructuring of its varieties, and that the company is learning.
The shift in innovation in research and development and marketing is driven by a continuing interest in the future of the company. The company is under the umbrella of a new financial think tank.
El ophthalmological depth report, 23 June 2019 — let's use the time to light it up.
Supply-demand-driven, heating-blood-in-depth report, 2019.
We have good data on the first stage of the treatment of children with amphibious artery dropsters on 16th of 2019, the price increase on 03rd of 2019, the potential benefits of Zhejiang medicine, the slightly over-expected performance on 17th of February 2019, and innovation and internationalization ensure the steady growth of Heung Swe medicine.
On the 15th of February 2019, the industrial boom was followed by a large retailing of medicines, and on the 29th of 2019, Fda was granted temporary approval for a sodium chloride infusion in Hing Ri's right metomy.
December 04th, 2018, a review of the U.S.-US-Fentani incident, November 19th, 2018, Foreign Experience in Retail Pharmacy: The United States and Japan's Road to Growing Chains, November 08, 2018, double-wheel-drive, blue sail medical transition re-starting.
On November 05, 2018, Henry Salmetro applied for an inhaler for Kacone.