The performance of 23h1 is in line with expectations and orders are growing robustly \triangleright has continued to develop in a healthy and high quality manner.
Compared to +14.07 per cent; net profit on return to the mother: 1.974 billion yuan, compared to 14 per cent. Sub-operation: 1) Electricity generation: 23h1 revenue of 2.959 billion yuan, with a stable income level and almost equal income; 4) Electrical Automated Information Communications plate: 23h1 income of 3.018 billion yuan, compared to 9.03 per cent; 5) Integration and its components
In terms of profitability, 23h1 Māori is \triangleright Deng Yongkang.
In terms of rates, the cost was 13.07 per cent for the 23h1 period, compared with 0.7 per cent for the same period; in terms of financial, regulatory and R & D inputs, companies continued to increase their R & D inputs, with R & D costs of R & D for 23h1 amounting to R & D costs of 1,193 million yuan, an increase of 23.59 per cent over the same period, maintaining a higher level.
All the orders went well, with both the Internet and overseas. New orders continued to grow. The company signed a new \triangleright contract of $25,921 million, an increase of 8.51% over the same period.
The share of the winning shares in the transmission equipment, electricity meters, etc. has continued to rise. Outside the grid: there is a good trend, with the new research assistant, Xu Joon-chul, signing a contract with an increase of 27.91% over the same period.
The winning bid is currently the largest in the country, the largest in the country, the Great Tang Bronze Liquid Cold Liquid Refrigerator, and the largest in the country, the Gyaning Heining Hill Heating Power Plant, Phase II Business Repository Project. International: Rapid Regeneration, successful signing of major projects such as the Brazilian cpfl Control Console, the Indonesian home station system, and the Chilean Smart Power System.
Table supply project, Chile ' s first high-pressure straight-flow guarantee project and the Netherlands Shell hydrogen soft design consultancy project, 23h1 achieved revenue of $431 million from overseas operations, a 50.9 per cent increase compared to the previous year.
The world’s first clcc suite is fully controlled \triangleright.
2. National Electric Swe (60406.sh) 3-quarterly reporting point 2022 (Technology) current valves are being delivered in the Ghenan direct flow project; new generation of autonomous controlled stabilizers have completed prototype development; national first steel field sfc systems have been demonstrated applications; and primary 5g lightly quantified terminals in the electricity sector have been developed and tested
Autonomously developed 4500v/30000aigbt was a one-time hit by a network at the Yangqing River Station in Zhang, achieving a total voltage level of 650v-4500v of the gbt device autonomously developed.
Breathing - 2022/08/31 Investment proposal: The company is the second leader in electrical grid equipment and is expected to benefit from the growth in investment in power system construction.q1 Quarterly Review: Significant increase in profitability and corporate performance
This report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for the content and views of the present report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.