In mid-25 years, ICSU reported a positive growth of overseas operations, rapid growth of emerging markets, and upgrading of European markets. 25h1 was long, with emerging regional markets selling 39%. In addition, companies were expanding for high-end markets in Europe.
The first German Wilbert Plant project, as well as the construction of a new Hungarian high machine plant, improves the localization layout. The soil machinery is growing both in and out of the sea, and the core product has a strong edge. Sub-products look at concrete/heavy/ground: lubei_yj@chinastock.com.cn
48.7.83.7.42.9.25.9.19.9 billion yuan for /high altitude/agriculture machinery, respectively, converted to distribution in comparison with the sale model for inner-earth machinery, where the share of the central mining market is at the forefront of the industry, with a doubling of the number of dominant products such as new energy blending vehicles and track hangers; and higher than the same scale of export sales for overseas earth-based machinery.
33% Peng Singa, winning the industry, with the total export sales of concrete and cranes increasing by more than 13% on a year-on-year basis. □ Pengxingjia_vj@chinastock.com.cn
Increased profitability and a robust operating cash flow. 25h1 Māori ratio of 28.15%, same ratio +0.17pt, net home rate of 11.12%, same rate +1.8pt, net interest rate of 7.75%, net non-motherage rate of $29.4 billion, higher than at the beginning of the year, but higher stock turnover rate of same year.
Robotic research and development has accelerated and products have entered the factory. The company has developed three human machines, including one wheel and two pairs, and dozens have entered the factory and have been piloted in mechanical processing, material flow, assembly, quality control, etc., while the company has actively built up its physical intelligence with 120 jobs.
At the end of the industry, sales in the excavator were over-expected in July, and funding was better available, but non-digging performance, such as heavy machines, was also strong. At the export level, the core commodity prices, such as gold and copper, were still higher, with European profits.
The relative depth of 300 shows a downward adjustment & fiscal expansion & an upturn in the economic landscape, and demand is at the bottom of the line. Corporate dominance is strong, overseas operations and earth machinery are growing well, intelligent R & D is accelerating, and the quality of their own business is high.
1. [Galactic Machinery] Company rating: Qualitative performance of Quality of Operations (quarterly report) 2. Qualitative performance of Quality of Operations: Quality of Quality of Operations (quarterly report)
The second growth curve is resonant, and the dividends remain high (24-year editions). I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.