The ratio of overseas receipts continues to rise and robotics are helping to meet the new growth point Events: the semi-annual 2025 report issued by the Central and Heavy Section, with variations in sales rates, management rates, R & D rates, financial rates, respectively
Core products are well-established, and earth machines perform well. 2025h1, the company’s three traditional niche lines of concrete machinery, engineering cranes, and construction cranes maintain a robust development strategy.
Heavy machinery operations received $8,374 million, an increase of 1.24 per cent, and concrete machinery operations received $4,293 million, an increase of 22.11 per cent. The domestic market product structure continued to be optimized and the overseas market continued to grow deep, and the sales of earth-based machinery exports increased more than ever.
33.00%. High machine business yields 2,592 million yuan, a decrease of 34.47%. Hungarian factories are being built with high efficiency, local manufacturing competitiveness continues to deepen, and multi-dimensional layouts accumulate new energy for future growth. Agricultural business collects 1,988 million yuan, a decrease of 15.16%.
Inner cities and cities account for the first two, tractors and rice-mechanical product lines grow in reverse growth during the industry’s adjustment period, and business structures shift to higher value-added areas. A firm push for globalization strategies, with an increasing share of overseas revenues.
In addition, the company furthered the end-to-end model of the Airport + Ground Force + Flight Force, adding to the expansion of overseas R & D manufacturing bases, with a high rate of growth in the Middle East, South-East Asia, and Australasia.
The company has developed three new humans, including one wheeled and two double-footed robots, and has made dozens of them into factories, piloting in mechanical processing, logistics, assembly, quality testing, etc., which will accelerate.
Industrialization helps companies to rise to a new growth curve. At the same time, companies build 120-placed, intelligent training grounds to shut down the entire process of Data Acquisition-Module Training-Amplicatives, and accelerate the evolution of large models of self-owned brands.
A reduction in demand for domestic firms in overseas markets would result in pressure on companies’ performance; and (3) a significant increase in the price of materials would put greater pressure on companies’ performance. Note: “Market index” for this rating system, a share reference point is 300 indexes; the new three-board reference point is three-string.
Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risks”, “stable” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, “positive” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium and high risks”, “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and are aware of it independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.