New Le Sein (stock code: 300502) event: the company issued its three-quarter report in 2025. Rewinding of the ring and steady increase in profitability: 165.05 in the first three quarters of 2025.
Zhao Liang Bing, 6.80 pcts, 2.18 pcts, overall, a slight return on corporate revenue and higher net interest rates. The short-term pressure on revenue will not change the upward trend in demand, and the company’s high-speed light module market will increase even more.
Wang Si Jin: The company's product structure continues to be optimized, and we believe that the short-term roundback of corporate revenue is not demand-driven, cooling but supply-stressed, and that strong profitability is indirectly evidence of rapid demand-side growth and corporate output.
The rationality of the structure of the goods; while the company’s revenues and profits are rising rapidly, the company’s cost-rate controls continue to increase, the absolute value increases and the decline in its share of the revenue are expected to represent the effects of the company’s size, as well as the rapid expansion of its client base and its recognition.
This represents, to some extent, a weak supply of upstream raw materials, a stable supply chain for companies, and a slower pace of price reduction for downstream customers in an environment where market supply is not adequate, and an increase in the share of high-origin products will further strengthen the level of corporate profitability.
Investment proposals: With demand-side growth and high-end trends, a build-up of supply-side Thai factories’ official operational expectations, we believe that the company’s 4q25 is expected to achieve over-expected revenue and profit growth. Less than expected, the risk of increased competition in the light module industry, etc.
1. [Galactic Communications] company review report - New Essom (300502); one season of re-innovation and high demand for power to sustain 2. [Galactic Communication] company review report - New Essom (300502);
High performance continues to rise, and the scale effect is evident
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.