During the evening of October 30, 2025, the Quarterly Report 2025 was released. In the three quarters of 2025, the company achieved operating income of $16.505 billion, an increase of 221.70 per cent over the previous quarter.
Revenue profits increased on a year-on-year basis, the quarterly round ratio slowed down by the phasing out of some products The income end, the continued high demand for arithmetic hardware from overseas, but was affected by changes in the rhythm, limited to some products, and a slight drop in sales revenues from the fresh season, but from market demand and orders
In the third quarter, the company ' s Māori rate rose by 4.91 pct, reaching 47.25%. In the third quarter alone, the company ' s Māori rate rose by 46.94%. At the cost end, the cost of the company ' s period remained stable at a low level, with a high demand from overseas, and the ability of the new economy to climb up, and the share of the new structure was rising.
According to Microsoft's performance exchange after the latest quarterly financial report, cfo Amy Hood says: “Even though several recent reports of the US dollar securities company Research-New Leisure 2024 and the quarterly investment of tens of billions of dollars, companies are still unable to meet the current strong demand for ai and other services.
In the first quarter of 2025, we reported an evaluation of the abundance and profitability of technology, and I thought we could catch up with the pace of supply, but we didn't. Demand is rising, not limited to one area, but in many areas.” Google under the umbrella of Alphabet says,
Geminial's assistant currently has 650 million month-old active users, an increase of 44 per cent over three months ago, Google Cloud.
Total. Based on the strong downstream demand, Amazon, Meta, Alphabet, Microsoft spent $97.2 billion in capital expenditure in the last quarter, up 65% from the same period last year, and the ring was almost flat.
Meta is also expected to raise its capital year-round to $70 billion-$72 billion, up from the projected $66 billion-$72 billion. As a leading supplier of light modules, companies are expected to benefit from the numeracy needs of the global Internet and operators.
The Hong Kong market benchmark is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, and the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the agreed transfer target)
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.