Non-bank financial insurance iii Net investment return (NIS) rose inversely: investment assets at the end of 2016 were 1.97 trillion yuan, an increase of 13.9 per cent over the previous year, with a net investment return of 6.0 per cent, an increase of 0.3 per cent and 0.2 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous half year and the same period last year.
Against the background of the downward shift in the bond-type rate of return, the ni increase is mainly due to the optimization of corporate asset allocation, with a significant increase in the priority share ratio. The total investment return of 5.3 per cent, a drop of 2.5 pct over the same period, an improvement in the return on the main equity-based purchase and purchase price differentials, and a further $18.6 billion in surplus on the statement of accounts, with future performance still guaranteed.
The quality of life insurance operations is at the top of the list: excellent business quality is the basis for a company ' s leading performance, although life insurance has become significantly superior to that of its peers (nearly 90 per cent of the risk channels), but in 2016 it was again marginalized, with a value increase of between 32 per cent and 50.8 billion dollars a year (second-generation caliber), if the rate of return is excluded.
With 27.7 per cent to 1.1 million people in growth and 8.1 per cent to $7,821 per cent per capita capacity, the cost of risk insurance continues to be low: safe production insurance continues to be robust, with a premium of $17,791 million a year, compared to Jung Chun-ming.
The company’s market share reached 21.7%, an increase of 0.6 percentage points in the same year, and the risk-taking of price-fixing and cost-control capabilities in the context of changes in vehicle insurance costs is expected to further increase its concentration. The swaps build integrated financial leaders: corporate Internet finance strategies are increasingly effective, and land equity is controlled.
Together, in the areas of wealth management, inter-agency transactions and consumer finance, the full distribution of the funds has now been completed. By the end of 2016, the cumulative number of registered users of land gold had reached 28.38 million, an increase of 55 per cent compared to the previous year, and Ping and Good Doctors had completed a round of $500 million worth of financing, valued at $3 billion.
A business income of $107,715 million was realized in 2016, an increase of 12.01 per cent over the same period, and actuarial assumptions were adjusted to enhance the credibility of the valuation: as noted above, the firm made adjustments to the actuarial assumptions at the end of 2016, bringing the return on investment assumption down from 5.5 per cent to 5.0 per cent (the risk discount rate remains unchanged at 11 per cent).
At the end of the year, the value in the company was still growing by 16 to 63.7 billion yuan (second generation caliber, second generation method having little impact on intrinsic value), and the downward shift in the return on investment increased the credibility of the company ' s assets and the market ' s acceptance of the valuation of the company ' s share price.
In 2016, China managed to develop smoothly, with a high quality of life insurance operations, a steady recovery in net investment earnings, and an Internet plate running through the company ' s integrated financial landscape. We also looked forward to 2017 insurance, which achieved a net return of $5.9 billion in the single quarter, slightly less than the increase in the net return of q3 and less than expected overall performance in the fourth quarter.
However, performance performance is still far better than that of peers throughout the year (state life - 44.9%, Xinhua - 45.0%). The main reasons for the year’s high performance growth are in two ways: extra-occupational factors (transfer of the Federation’s limited equity to recognize $9.5 billion in profits), but more importantly, excellent business quality and excellent investment capacity.
In terms of net return on investments, investment assets at the end of 2016 stood at 1.9 trillion yuan, or 13.9 per cent more than in 2016, with a net return of 6.0 per cent, an increase of 0.3 per cent and 0.2 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous half year and the same period last year, moving downwards in the bond-type rate of return.
At risk, this will contribute to an improvement in the return on total investment, and statement afs still accounts for $18.6 billion, and future performance remains on track to be a leading individual financial service provider with 130 million individual clients, an increase of 20 per cent compared to 2016; 40 billion dollars in corporate profits will come from personal business, a 2/3 ratio, high sticky individual clients, secure future performance, and one company.
Clients, one-stop shops for a variety of products, have also led to lower loss rates and higher levels of loyalty, creating a good second, life-risk business quality for the company, which is the basis for the company’s leading performance. As agents’ restrictions have been liberalized, the number of safe agents exceeded in 2016.
1.1 million people, at an all-time high, are expected to maintain double-digit growth in the number of agents in the future. If the impact of the downward adjustment (from 5.5% to 5.0%) is excluded, the nbv increase is as high as 49%.
This represents an increase of 32.2%, of which 46.41 billion yuan is the value of the new agent channel, representing an increase of 34.9% in the same year. On the other hand, the silver insurance channel size premium was $11.3 billion, representing an increase of 47.1% in the same year.
The risk to capacity is expected to increase concentration even further.
In the area of inter-structural transactions and consumer finance, a total of 2,838 million registered users had been completed by the end of 2016, an increase of 55% over the previous year, and a safe doctor had completed a round of $500 million worth of financing valued at $3 billion. In addition, the Bank of Peace pushed forward its retailing strategy with a determined approach.
An increase of 12.01% in net profits of 22.599 billion yuan a year-on-year increase of 3.36% in operating efficiency and sustained optimization of the cost-earning ratio of 25.97%, further contributing to China’s safe lead. And corporate securities, trusts, etc., show a steady growth trend, with corporate integrated financial strategies achieved overall.
Excellent underwriting, and Internet finance is becoming a link to the company’s integrated financial operations.iv. The two-generation approach to improving the credibility of actuarial assumptions has little impact on intrinsic value.) The downward shift in the return on investment adds to the credibility of the company’s assets and to the market’s value for money.
China’s healthy growth in 2016, the quality of its production and life insurance operations, a steady recovery in net investment returns, the Internet, and the company’s integrated financial map. We are also looking at the 2017 insurance, especially life insurance, against the backdrop of interest rate recovery.
The capital market has suffered a major setback; premiums have not increased as expected