High growth in motor vehicle q2 performance by the Top Group (601689) and continued advancement of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
q2 performance exceeded expectations and client structure continued to be optimized. During the reporting period, companies continued to grow their sales around established strategies, reduced costs and sustained growth in business performance.
The product-plating strategy is moving forward. Building on research and development innovation and intellectual manufacturing capabilities, the integrated competitiveness of company interior components, light-quantified chassis, heat management operations is increasing.
Sustained growth, 31 per cent in 23 years, the second largest business for the second year in a row. (2) Starting in 21 years, the management system began to contribute revenue, accounting for 7.9 per cent of operating income in 23 years, becoming a new growth point for companies. (3) Automobile electronics orders are beginning to be released, closed air holds, smart power doors, etc.
Postnatal growth is rapid. Automobile e-marketing reached 8.5% in 19-23, and car electronics collection is expected to increase significantly. (4) The company's deployment of a human robot driver contributed its first revenue in 23 years, with 2 production lines officially launched in January 2424, with an annual capacity of 300,000 units.
In the first half of the year, Mexico’s factories were moving fast, with the first plant of the first project being put into operation, and the other three were moving ahead in an orderly manner. The BMW project was designed for a ball-based aluminum control arm.
Single, laying the groundwork for the expansion of the European market. The 23-year share of companies abroad was 29.3 per cent, compared to +0.9 pp, Top Group (601689): platform car parts and components, pioneers, horizontal expansion of outstanding enterprises (2024-06-28).
(a) 10,000 items; the sale of interior apparel features is 980,113.3 million items, respectively;
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.