A key breakthrough on the international tier1 growth path: In recent days, companies have released a fast report on their performance in the first half of 2024: 1.295 billion yuan in net profit earned in the first half of 24 months, compared to 26.06 per cent. Corporate q2 performance continues to be high.
Beyond the big customers Tesla, the company's collaboration with Fortress, Ideals, Biadey, Jili, Mi and others has been growing rapidly, and the amount of the bicycles has been increasing. The luxury car-type question community has been on a multi-tope electronics project.
Wires, closed air hangers, smart disks, top-of-the-line smart electric door systems (pod) are the first to operate without a brush, and there is much collaboration in the heat management system and the transition system. Biadi, Mi, is expected to enter the top five clients, and the client structure continues to be optimized.
Accelerating to become international tier1. Toppod aluminum control arm is the only home country in Europe, showing full recognition by global customers, international leadership, and laying the foundation for expanding the European market. In addition, corporate ibs projects, eps projects, empty.
Total equity/flow (billion shares) Air overhang project, thermal management project, smart cabin project gained one steam, Quilly, and Wall for the race total market value/flow (billions)
The orders of customers like Rice, Ideal, Biadey, Mi, etc., car electronics are starting to be placed, and the output of the closed air suspension system, the smart electric door system, and so on, is growing fast after delivery. Topper's path to international Tier1 is accelerating, with key breakthroughs on a continuous basis.
Europe’s bba customers have made a breakthrough, and Mexico’s factories are expected to build another Hangzhou Bay. In the face of international developments, companies have taken the initiative to adjust the global production layout and, depending on the new orders, have made a strategic move towards the production of Polish factories and the rapid advancement of Mexican factories, the first of which is a project.
In North America and Europe, the company became an important international market for Tier 1, and the Mexican factory, working with Tesla, General and Fortelle, was expected to build a new Hangzhou Bay factory. In Europe, the company had established links with big customers like BMW, Mercedes, etc.
In a relationship, the import of a ball-plated aluminum control arm will provide an important cushion for breaking over the bba customers. Investment advice: the company’s coops are growing rapidly, big customers like Biadey, Mi, and Europe’s bba clients have made a breakthrough, and Mexico’s factories are expected to build another Hangzhou Bay, and Tupou has grown into an international organization.
The tier1 route is accelerated and a critical breakthrough continues. Income is expected to make a key breakthrough on the international Tier1 growth path in 2024-2026.
7th floor, 2nd floor, 2nd floor, 2nd wing, 9th North Street, Beijing, and 10th floor, 10th floor, National Open Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City, 1904th floor, 19th floor, New World Center, East and Lotus Road, Fuda District, Shenzhen City.
988 São Fong Square, downtown Guangzhou Avenue.
The company ' s unified social credit code is: 91530007,57165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.