The performance of 2024h1 has continued to grow, with significant growth in automobile electronics. Tupou Group (601689) semi-annual review of 2024: on 29 August, Tupou Group published its semi-annual report for 2024.
Keeping up with growth and a slight decline in the Māori rate, mainly as a result of the continued growth in global new energy vehicle sales, the expansion of high-quality domestic and foreign customers, and the relatively low Māori rate of car e-business are growing rapidly.
The Tier 0.5 model, which led to the release of business volume, was approved by the company, and the eight major car spare parts business continued to be released. Of this, 2,143 million yuan was collected in the first half of 2024, an increase of 18.03 per cent over the same period in the interior parts business.
3.908 billion yuan, an increase of 24.30 per cent in the same year; 707 million yuan, an increase of 74,359 per cent in the same year, for the chassis system operations; and the heat management system operations, an increase of 74,359 per cent in the number of systems, smart space projects, wire control ibs, wire control eps, etc.
Overseas production can be phased in and continue to open up global markets. In addition to domestic manufacturing bases like Ningbo, Chongqing, Wuhan, companies in the United States, Brazil, Malaysia, Poland, Mexico, etc.
Among them, the first plant of the Mexican Industrial Park Project in North America was launched, and the second stage of the Polish factory was planned. The European market was well under way, and the spherical aluminium control arm of the core parts of the light-quantified chassis was won the BMW Global Project.
Investment advice: The company is the leading company in auto parts and components, and the tier 0.5 cooperation model is accepted by the client community. As new energy cars grow, the company’s eight largest auto parts and components industry grows.
Continuous release: second-growth competition is expected to increase risks in the future as the power-driven systems project is targeted; overseas capacity-building is not progressing as fast as expected; technology upgrades and generation risks; Māori rate downside risks; exchange rate fluctuations risk; geopolitical event risks
Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risks”, “stable” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, “positive” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium and high risks”, “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and are aware of it independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.