Topper Group (601689.sh)
Clients are working with their products, with net profits increasing by 25% on a year-on-year basis in the second quarter alone. Topper 1 battalion collects $122.3 billion, i.e. +33 per cent; in the first quarter, $6.54 billion, i.e. 39 per cent, ring + 15 per cent, ring + 850 million and is expected to be contributed mainly by customers such as the Asking World, Mi, Ideal, Biadi and Kryptonite;
24H1 Tupru achieves a net return profit of $1.450 billion, i.e. +33 per cent; in a single quarter, a net return profit of 0.980519080002 is a steady release of the company ' s multi-product line (engineer + original master industry) and a continuous increase in efficiency gains
The process of globalization has accelerated, and the ball-plating aluminium-control arm has won BMW orders. The process of the Topper Group globalization has continued, and 1) production capacity: Mexico’s factories have moved fast, with the first plant of the first phase of the project having been put into operation, and more.
Three factories are moving ahead in an orderly manner; the co-worker Tupou Polish factory is officially operational, and the overseas factory in Tupou is now being laid out in a variety of products such as heat management coverage, chassis, tremors, accessories, etc. in Europe, North America, South America and South-East Asia; and 2) in the project area: Tuppo Aluminium control arm has been ordered for the BMW project.
Broadening the base of the European market. One of the highest-threshold components of the suspension system is the ball-plating aluminum arm, which, with the full endorsement of a European luxury brand, Tupou has made a full-scale move to higher-end customers through the recognition of mainstream customers. It is the only ball in the country that has been set by a European luxury brand.
Over the year 2024, the end of the vehicle was a Tupoo base plate, and the platforming strategy +tier0.5 model continued.
The 24-year focus is on the continued presence of high-quality customers in North America, China, Ideal, Gilly, Biadei and Mi, and the accumulation of new products: Tupou has now received eight fixed-point projects, at 2304 Tupou (601689.sh) - a continuous increase in profitability, with net profits of one quarter.
Continuous production; line control to achieve six project fixes and officially delivers offlines; wire poles have been set for nine projects; intelligent electrical door systems are gradually producing, while thermal management plants cover China, Europe and the United States.
On the continent, the total output was over 4 million units/year, while the company's executives continued to advance, and the 23-year power drive system, the Tupou Group (601689.sh) — three-quarters of a steady increase in the decline, and the vehicle and robotic belt operations achieved a revenue of $1.85 million, with a Māori rate of 81.3 per cent, was well under way.
The Tuppet Group (601689.sh) - the second quarter net profit has reached a quarterly high, robotic industry Investment proposal: Tesla’s industrial chain core, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
In view of the growth of performance brought about by the company ' s platforming strategy and the maintenance of profitability projections, the performance is summarized as follows: 2.22 billion yuan, or +33 per cent, in Camp 24H1; 6.540 billion dollars, ring + 15 per cent, ring + 39 per cent, ring + 850 million dollars, expected mainly in the field of inquiry, millimeter, ideal, Biadei
In the first quarter, the net profit from the return was 810 million yuan, compared to 25 per cent, the ring + 25 per cent, the non-net profit was 70 million yuan, compared to 15 per cent, the steady release of the multi-product line (the electronic car plus the original main) and the continued growth of the reduction efficiency.
The process of globalization has accelerated, and the process of alumina control arm has won BMW orders. The process of globalization of the Topper Group has continued: 1) in terms of capacity: Mexico’s factories have moved fast, with the first plant of one of the first projects having been put into operation and the other three in sequence; colleagues Tupou’s Polish factory has also been officially launched, and Tupou’s overseas factories are now being laid in Europe.
North America, South America, and South-East Asia, covering various types of products such as heat management, chassis, shock mitigation, accessories, etc.; 2) Project area: Top-up aluminium-exercise control arm gets BMW orders, laying the groundwork for expanding the European market. Ball-up aluminum-control arm is one of the highest thresholds in the suspension system, and this time it is fully recognized through a European luxury brand.
After that, Tupru has made a full-scale move to higher-end clients through the approval of mainstream clients. He became the country’s only supplier of a ball-and-aluminium control arm set by a luxurious brand in Europe.
(c) Six main processes: high-pressure casting, vacuum casting, low-pressure casting, differential casting, pressurized casting, exercise etc.:
(a) Ten main product lines: the type of product produced covers the chassis system, the power matrix, the battery package structure, the body structure of the vehicle and the thermal management valve;
Aluminium alloy materials are not limited to materials on the market, but are also designed to optimize the development of specific materials and to produce a uniquely light quantitative material. They are also treated with heat-free aluminium alloy materials, high intensity and high extension rates, in cooperation with university scientific institutions.
Topper has the full process capability of light alloys required for the chassis and body parts, covering high-pressure casting, vacuum casting, low-pressure casting, low-pressure casting, squeeze casting, exercise etc., which can provide the customer with a full-scale chassis and body parts for the selection of suitable solutions plus.
To achieve full coverage from 100mpa to 350mpa, with extension rates ranging from 2% to 12%. On the basis of the above, Top could provide customized services to clients, recommending the most appropriate light-quantified processes for the use of scenarios and performance requirements.
Core technologies, and the technology and experience gained, are applied to new products and improve R & D efficiency. Based on long-term foundational development and technological breakthroughs, integrated development and system integration capabilities such as generators, electricity, fluids, and software, complete product development systems are gradually being built. In ibs, for example, ibs are highly integrated safety systems, integrated.
Multidisciplinary content such as machinery, electronics, hydraulics, controls, algorithms and, under the rapidly changing car market environment, companies: 1) vertically iterative products: ibsibsproibsred and ibsevo; 2) horizontal extension of product lines: capability-based extension line-based systems based on electrical control, software, manufacturing, bottom-training, etc. (electrically power-guided transfer systems, etc.)
Proactive back-to-back rotation systems, contour poles, etc., heat management system pump valves, air-suspent integrated inflating and control units, smart cabin products, power-drive executors, etc., provide the basis for the company to maintain its rapid development.
The Global Breathing Facility is a long-term competitiveness, plus-intelligent manufacturing and escort, a global distribution of production capabilities, and a near-supplier supply. Topau production bases are located across borders, Europe, the Americas, and South-East Asia, with more than 70 factories. Company 1) is built around the country’s major auto industry clusters, and is already in the Ninning.
Bases have been set up in Bo, Chongqing, Wuhan, Anhui, etc.; 2) overseas to serve international clients, manufacturing plants or storage centres have been set up in countries like the United States, Canada, Brazil and Malaysia, Polish factories have started to produce bulk production, Mexico has been promoted in an orderly manner to provide faster and more efficient services to clients and to further expand global peace.
In December 22, Tupou launched a non-public fund-raising plan for a total of not more than $4 billion, with a total investment of $7.8 billion, for projects such as light-quantified chassis + interior + heat management + smart driving.
The gains will be enhanced by: 1) filling the capacity gap and increasing the capacity to receive the bill; 2) optimizing the capital structure, reducing financial performance and risks and enhancing the sustainability of operations; and 3) enhancing profitability (this is reflected in the quadruple form of the output of the current round of fund-raising inputs over the ability to maintain it).
Core logic: The high-quality client structure of the end of the vehicle and the products of continuous release, with the certainty of performance in 2024. Vision 2024, we believe that the central focus of Topip lies in the certainty of the end of the vehicle business as a result of the high-quality client matrix plus modularised supply capacity, the continued location of the global capacity, and the advancement of the potential implementer business.
1) Basic end of vehicle: Platformed strategy +tier 0.5 model continues to move forward, with high-quality customers such as North American clients, Giuli, Biadei, Huai, Ideas, Ford, Ven and Mi, and new products in 2024, with better certainty in the growth of Tophu performance in 2024.
Near-term supply: Poland, Mexico, U.S. and U.S. clients, Chongqing, C.C. and C.C., An edifice and Biadi, with high-quality, stable customer structure to guarantee medium- and long-term performance certainty. 2) Global production site: November 2023, Tupou Polish plant heat pumps are officially produced and offline.
With a capacity of 500,000 units per year, Mexico’s industrial parks and factories in the United States are moving in an orderly fashion. Investment proposal: Tesla’s industry chain core, maintaining a “better than the big city” rating.
The system of X-y-z line control chassis is gradually being improved, and the electronics of the cars of the support company are entering the release period. On the other hand, the company has recently published information on the recruitment of personnel for the pump valve research and development centre, the power-drive department, the smart surface research centre, the electric-controlled decomposition device, and it is hoped that the company will continue to build up its research and development, design, production, production, etc.
We continue to appreciate the performance certainty and growth of the Group’s product expansion, client breakthroughs, expansion of production capacity. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author