Car electronics show up, global capacity-building supports growth — semi-annual performance rating in 2024
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2024, which generated business revenue of $12,222 million in the first half of the year.
The impact has been felt: in the first half of the year, the company registered a high rate of growth in revenue collection, which, according to the splitting product, was equal to 2,143 million yuan ($3,908 million) / 919 million yuan per year, respectively, in the first half of the first half of the year.
Thanks mainly to the growth in sales by autonomous brand clients such as Cyrus, Mi, Ideal and Biadei, the company, with its leading product technology and manufacturing capacity, has been able to cover the head of the new energy market, both in the country and abroad, and to run a resilient company, Qin JiQin.
It has improved significantly, effectively matching the negative impact on performance of a single customer's sales volatility. In the first half of the year, car electronics were released in a significant way, mainly thanks to the continuous production of products such as air suspension systems, smart cabins, wire control ibs, wire control to eps, etc.
Now, the new growth dynamic for the company. For the first half of the year, the overall Māori ratio for the company compared to 2.02 ptt, split products, the Māori ratio for the second quarter and the R&D expenditure for the company ' s new product was stable, respectively; the same ratio for the first half of the year was +0.11 pt to +0.11 pt.
1.20 per cent, q2 single-season sales ratio - 0.31 pct to 1.06 per cent, corporate sales investment increased in the first half of the year in support of new clients, new project expansion; corporate management cost ratio was equal in the first half -0.17 pct to excellent, making an important contribution to stabilizing profitability; corporate financial cost rate was equal in the first half of the year +0.75 pct to
0.60 per cent in the first half of the year, based on accounting standards, initial and follow-up measurement of debt holding at amortized cost to the progress of debt payable, confirming the financial cost of $44 million, the cumulative effect of exchange gains and losses, the financial costs, steady progress in global capacity-building and the continued growth of new products, projects and companies: the firm remains stable
Recommended global capacity-building to continue to increase client outreach, overseas markets, North America Mexico, first plant for industrial park phase I, two other plants under installation and commissioning, Poland II, and domestic markets, Hangzhou Bay, eight, nine, and Xianan, Jinan, Henan, etc.
The Ningbo Robotics Research and Development Base project is continuing. With new capacity, new products and projects are expected to help sustain the growth of the company, new products, robotic power and drive systems have been able to grow in space, contributing 6.27 million battalions in the first half of the year, and the Māori rate has been reached.
52.32 per cent, better than the Māori rate at the stage of small bulk delivery of automobile-type products; new projects, new domestic energy sources; shorter replacement cycles, which provide companies with more opportunities for new vehicle-type projects; extended prospects for motor electronics customers; and continued overseas breakthroughs with head customers, the first half of the young Quantified Cores.
I am committed to working diligently and independently and objectively to present this report, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.