1. The Tupou Group (601689.sh) series reviews six points: Tier’s harvest is the highest in history; the net return is the same as +25.90%, the ring +25.71%, and the net profit is also the highest in history. The company’s performance has increased in comparison with the ring, for the following reasons:
Tupou Group (601689.sh) Series V: q1 3. Tupou Group (601689.sh) Series IV: Profit 4. Tupou Group (601689.sh) Series III: Performance
5. Tupou Group (601689.sh) series II: running new energy vehicle models under Galaxy, geometry and geometry, leading to increased energy penetration and sales of Gilly vehicles; 2) product structure: 2024h1 interior device/deck system/shogler/heat management system/car electron/electricity
Mainly due to a high increase in air overhang operations, other operations have increased with the growth of major customers; 3) Overseas operations: the company Mexico Plants have moved fast, with the first plant of one of the first projects being put into production and two plant equipment installed and debugging. The European market is well under way, with a soft-quantized core of spare parts.
The company obtained BMW global project orders during the reporting period in comparison with the aluminium exercise arm project. The second phase of the Polish factory is being closely planned, laying the groundwork for taking on more local orders in Europe; The Māori ratio of the bottom plate system/shocks/heat management system/car electronics was 17.08 per cent and 19.83 per cent, respectively.
Among them, the rate of Māori in the new business power-driven system is 52.32%. The decline in the same ring ratio for traditional business is mainly due to: 1) the impact of higher raw materials prices and the price fighting pressure on the mainframe plant; 2) the ongoing construction of factories in Hangzhou Bay, eight, nine, and West An, Jinan, Henan, Mexico, etc., during the reporting period, with short-term costs associated with the construction of new plants
It is a continuous increase in R & D investment and an increase in resource allocation to maintain the R & D lead, through sustained R & D achievement of successive production volumes of air hangar systems, smart cabin projects, wire control ibs, wire control shifts to eps, etc., and the product lines continue to grow. 2024h1 sales rates, management costs, R & D costs
The platform's tier 0.5 sword refers to the global engine. Client +: Strategicly bind Tesla and the new power of car-making to the global supply system.
Long, the strategy now binds Tesla and opens a new round of growth, while entering into global supply systems such as Ford, Fca, Lucid, Daimler, BMW, the general public, Audi, Honda, Toyota, etc. In response to the changes in industrial electric intelligence, companies actively engage with rivian, Uri, Peng, Ideas, Biadi, Gilly New Energy, Cyrus, etc.
The international strategy is accelerating. In addition, the company’s auto electronics business is on the harvest, closed air hangar systems, smart brake systems ibs, electric transition systems eps, smart electric door systems, etc.
Product +: eight product lines to build platform-based businesses. The company’s innovative 0.5-level business model continues to grow rapidly, with the value of one-car packages for head smart electric cars constantly increasing and now has eight series.
Products: Automobile nvh shock system, interior and interior accessories system, light weight quantification, smart cabin components, heat management system, chassis system, air overhang system, smart driving system, one-stop solution with cable control chassis capability, complete heat management module and self-researching of core parts, with a single vehicle set-up amounting to $30,000
There's room for continuous expansion. Active deployment of robots with smart stars. Teslabot can use smart car chips, \triangleright.
Power, algorithms raise awareness, decision-making, and control capabilities, while sharing development costs and reusing end-of-cycle supply chains to achieve reductions. With catfish, the robotics industry is expected to develop in smart electric vehicles, and the qualitative changes brought about by technological maturity plus cost drops will drive full penetration of human robots. According to the World Bank, 2023 was the year of global labor.
With a population of about 3.63 billion people, assuming a unit cost of 250,000 human robots, 11.6% of the workers are replaced by robots, the global market for human robots can reach 105 trillion dollars. Sport executors are one of the core components of robots.
According to the company ' s 2023 report, the company will upgrade as soon as possible and enter the project to develop a production base for robotic power-driven systems using 300 acres of planned land, two power-driven systems production lines will be operational on 8 January, with an annual capacity of 300,000 power-driven executors, and additional capacity has been initiated for the planned design.
Investment recommendations: The company is a high performance elasticity in the Tesla industrial chain and is expected to emerge as a champion of autonomous parts and components in the light of changes in electric intelligence, thanks to the industry ' s leading clients \triangleright exhibition and product extension capabilities; the current machine
It is expected to contribute to the growth in new business areas by gradually building the capacity of humans. Consider changes in and light quantification of the company’s major clients’ needs, intelligent driving systems, heat management systems, growth of robotic executioner operations, and regulations \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.