\triangleright 23/07/2024 \triangleright
\triangleright 1. Tupou Group (601689.sh) Series V: q1 2. Tupou Group (601689.sh) Series IV: Profit
Profits are also historically high. The reason for the higher performance of the company in the same ring is as follows: 3. Tupou Group (601689.sh) Series III: Performance 4. Tupou Group (601689.sh) Series II: Operations
5. Tupou Group (601689.sh) series I. Launching and listing of new vehicles, we expect Cyrus sales to continue to grow; Gilley 2024q2 to build a robotic production base with a million-billion-dollar track.
480 million vehicles sold, corresponding to +29.18 per cent, ring +0.9 per cent. We're looking forward to the roll-out of new energy vehicles under the company ' s kryptonite, collar, Galaxy and geometric brands, which will lead to an increase in the penetration and sales of new sources of energy for Gilly cars; 2) Priority products: platforming strategy continues, company interior features, light-quantified chassis, heat management operations
(c) Other: the company ' s Mexican factory was moving fast, with the first plant of the first phase of the project having been put into operation, and three others had been able to do so.
Plants are moving ahead in an orderly manner, ball-plating aluminum control arm gets orders from the BMW project, laying the foundation for the expansion of the European market; and companies continue to promote such efforts as mitigation efficiency and constantly improve their performance. Platform-type tier 0.5 is the global engine. Client +: Strategic binding of Tesla and the new power of car construction.
\triangleright marches into the global supply system. In the age of smart electric power, the core competitiveness of the company qstp builds on a stable partnership with international, domestic and innovative car companies and major traditional car factories.
Long, the strategy now binds Tesla and opens a new round of growth, while entering into global supply systems such as Ford, Fca, Lucid, Daimler, BMW, the general public, Audi, Honda, Toyota, etc. In response to the changes in industrial electric intelligence, companies actively engage with rivian, Uri, Peng, Ideas, Biadi, Gilly New Energy, Cyrus, etc.
The international strategy is accelerating. In addition, the company’s auto electronics business is on the harvest, closed air hangar systems, smart brake systems ibs, electric transition systems eps, smart electric door systems, etc.
Product +: eight product lines to build platform-based businesses. The company’s innovative 0.5-level business model continues to grow rapidly, with the value of one-car packages for head smart electric cars constantly increasing and now has eight series.
Products: Automobile nvh shock system, interior and interior accessories system, light weight quantification, smart cabin components, heat management system, chassis system, air overhang system, smart driving system, one-stop solution with cable control chassis capability, complete heat management module and self-researching of core parts, with a single vehicle set-up amounting to $30,000
There's room for continuous expansion. Active deployment of robots with smart stars. Teslabot can use smart car chips, \triangleright.
Power, algorithms raise awareness, decision-making, and control capabilities, while sharing development costs and reusing end-of-cycle supply chains to achieve reductions. With catfish, the robotics industry is expected to develop in smart electric vehicles, and the qualitative changes brought about by technological maturity plus cost drops will drive full penetration of human robots. According to the World Bank, 2023 was the year of global labor.
With a population of about 3.63 billion people, assuming a unit cost of 250,000 human robots, 11.6% of the workers are replaced by robots, the global market for human robots can reach 105 trillion dollars. Sport executors are one of the core components of robots.
According to the company ' s 2023 report, the company will upgrade as soon as possible and enter the project to develop a production base for robotic power-driven systems using 300 acres of planned land, two power-driven systems production lines will be operational on 8 January, with an annual capacity of 300,000 power-driven executors, and additional capacity has been initiated for the planned design.
Investment recommendations: The company is a high performance elasticity in the Tesla industrial chain and is expected to emerge as a champion of autonomous parts and components in the light of changes in electric intelligence, thanks to the industry ' s leading clients \triangleright exhibition and product extension capabilities; the current machine
It is hoped that the growth of the production capacity will gradually increase in the new business areas. Consider the changing and light-quantified needs of the company’s major clients, intelligent driving systems, heat management systems, growth of robotic executives, and model-driven profit margins.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.