China's international Tier1 growth path for spare parts: Tupou Group published its semi-annual report for 2024, with 24h1 generating 12.27 billion yuan, with scarce strategic clients able to take the bill, and with China, Biadi, and Mi, growing rapidly.
Beyond the big client Tesla, the company’s collaboration with such companies as Celes, the ideal car, Biadey, Gilly, Mi and others has progressed rapidly, and the amount of the bicycle package has been rising.
The Emerald Gate System (pod) is a global first without a brusher, and it works well in both the thermal and the transition systems. Biadi and Mi are expected to enter the top five clients, and the client structure continues to be optimized.
Dots, the only home in the country, show full recognition by global clients, international leadership, laying the groundwork for expanding the European market. In addition, the company ibs project, the ps project, the air hangar project, the thermal management project, the smart cabin project, each with a single steam, Gilly, and Wally.
Total stock/flow (billion shares) orders from customers such as Rice, Ideas, Biadey, Mi, etc. Automotive electronics are starting to place total market value/flow (billions)
Topper's growth has accelerated the international Tier1 route, making a critical breakthrough. European bba clients have made a breakthrough, and Mexican factories are expected to build another Hangzhou Bay.
The international situation has changed, and the company has been proactive in adjusting the global production layout and, depending on the new orders, has been strategic in moving the Polish factory into production, the Mexican plant has been fast-tracked, the first of which has already been put into operation, and the other three are moving in an orderly manner. North America and Europe have become the international Tier 1 requirement.
Important markets to break through are Mexico’s factories, working with Tesla, General, and Fortelle, which are expected to build a new Hangzhou Bay factory. In Europe, companies have established partnerships with the BMW, Mercedes, etc.
Investment proposals: The company ' s 0.5 level cooperation model has a limited strategic client capacity, with big clients like Texla, Huaieng, Ideal Motors, Biadi and Mi, and European bba clients having made a breakthrough. Mexican factories are expected to build another Hangzhou Bay, and Tupou has made Chinese spare parts.
International Tier1 growth poles. The Pacific Institute, Beijing West Side, 9 North Far East, D Unit, 7th Floor, 2024-2026.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.