Tupou Group (601689.sh) net profits increased by 26 per cent in the second quarter, ushering in a new cycle of multi-kind energy billions, +33 per cent; in the first quarter, $6.54 billion, +39 per cent, ring + 15 per cent, received
+850 million ring margin, expected mainly to be the contribution of clients such as question communities, millet, ideal, Biadei and Gilly; 1,400 million yuan net return profit, i.e. 33 per cent; single-quarter net return profit, s098051908002
Business performance has continued to grow as a result of the steady spread of company multi-product lines (car electronics plus pre-existing majors) and the continued growth of efficiency gains. The globalization process has accelerated, and automobile electronics have increased.
In addition to the ongoing process of globalization of the Tupou Group, 1) production capacity: Mexican factories are moving fast, with the first of the first stage of the project having been put into operation and the other three in place in an orderly manner; 2) in the project: Tupou aluminum control arm has been ordered for the BMW project, all through the main.
A client’s approval is a full-scale move toward a higher-end client. He is the only home country that has a ball-and-aluminium control arm fixed by a European luxury.
Throughout the year, the company platform strategy +tier 0.5 model continued to move forward, focusing on high-quality customers in North America, Huayung, Ideas, Gilly, Biadi and Mi.
Ongoing landings, such as stocking, stacking of new products: Tupou has now received eight fixed projects, in 2304 Tupou Group (601689.sh) - sustained increase in profitability, with a net profit of one quarter and continuous production; line control moves have been fixed for six projects and officially delivered offlines; and the poles have been set for 9.
Projects; smart electrical door systems are also gradually being produced, while thermal management plants cover China, Europe and the United States.
The total business achieved $6.27 million, a Māori rate of 52.3 per cent, and went well. Top Group (601689.sh) – three quarters of a steady increase in recovery, car and robotic belt investment proposal: Tesla’s industry chain core, maintained a “better than the big city” rating.
Performance growth as a result of corporate platforming strategy advances, taking into account the competitive edge of the terminal vehicle market Summary of performance: Topper Group 24h1 collects $12.23 billion, i.e. 33% of the year; in single quarter, $6.54 billion, ring + 15%, i.e. 39% of the year, ring + 850 million, expected mainly to be the question world, millimeter, ideal, Biade.
In the first quarter, the net profit from the return was 810 million yuan, compared to 25 per cent, the ring + 25 per cent, the non-net profit was 70 million yuan, compared to 15 per cent, the steady release of the multi-product line (the electronic car plus the original main) and the continued growth of the reduction efficiency.
Figure 2: Business income and growth in the single quarter of the company 2402 TG Mäori 20.4% ring ratio - 2.0 ptt, same ratio - 2.9 pt, $6.27 million in the second half of the year with clients and production system operations; while Töp Group globalization process continues, 1) in terms of capacity: Mexican factories are fast-growing
Quick advance, the first of which was put into production and the other three were carried out in an orderly manner; 2) project area: Top Aluminium exercise control arm was ordered for the BMW project, and all of them, through the approval of mainstream clients, were able to move to higher end clients. Become the only home country that has a pavilion aluminium control arm that has been identified by a luxurious European brand.
Figure 5: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates Figure 6: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates for the Single Quarterly Figure 8: Quarterly Four Cost Rates
The process of globalization has accelerated, and the process of alumina control arm has won BMW orders. The process of globalization of the Topper Group has continued: 1) in terms of capacity: Mexico’s factories have moved fast, with the first plant of one of the first projects having been put into operation and the other three in sequence; colleagues Tupou’s Polish factory has also been officially launched, and Tupou’s overseas factories are now being laid in Europe.
North America, South America, and South-East Asia, covering various types of products such as heat management, chassis, shock mitigation, accessories, etc.; 2) Project area: Top-up aluminium-exercise control arm gets BMW orders, laying the groundwork for expanding the European market. Ball-up aluminum-control arm is one of the highest thresholds in the suspension system, and this time it is fully recognized through a European luxury brand.
Since then, Top has made a full-scale move to higher-end clients through the approval of mainstream clients. He has become the country’s only supplier of aluminum-plating arm that has been fixed by a luxurious brand in Europe.
The company is a global minority of parts and components with independently developed chassis system modules, mastering the core process of high-strength steel and light alloys, and establishing four one-stop lightly quantified solutions for optimized +6 processes + 10 product lines: *4 optimizations: structure optimization, materials optimization, process optimization, configuration optimization;
(a) Six main processes: high-pressure casting, vacuum casting, low-pressure casting, differential-pressure casting, crushing casting, exercise, etc.;
In the case of aluminium alloy materials, it is not limited to the application of materials on the market, it is also designed to optimize the development of specific materials and form a uniquely light quantitative material. It is also developed in cooperation with university scientific institutions.
Heat-free treatment of aluminium alloy materials, high intensity, high extension material. Topou has the full process capability of light alloys required for chassis and car parts, covering high-pressure casting, vacuum casting, low-pressure casting, differential casting, squeeze casting, exercise etc., which can provide clients with full access to suitable solutions +
Under the different processes, the product wall thickness is designed to be wide enough to achieve full coverage from 100 pa to 350 pa, with extension rates ranging from 2% to 12%. On the basis of the above, Topper can provide customized services to clients and recommend the most appropriate light-quantifiable processes for the use of scenarios and performance requirements.
R & D is a powerful and efficient combination of R & D, focusing on key products and core technologies in the industrial chain in the R & D process and applying the accumulated technology and experience to new products and improving R & D efficiency. Based on long-term foundational development and technological breakthroughs, integrated development and systems integration capabilities, such as generators, electricity, fluids, software, etc., are built on long-term foundational development and technological breakthroughs.
In ibs, for example, ibs are a highly integrated safety system that integrates multidisciplinary elements such as machinery, electronics, hydraulics, controls, algorithms, etc., and companies in rapidly changing car market environments: 1) longitudinal iterative products: ibsibsproibsred and ibsevo; 2) horizontal extension of product lines:
Based on capabilities such as power control, software, manufacturing, chassis, etc., to expand the wiring and steering systems (electrically aided transition systems, active back-wheeling systems, electrical tube poles, etc.), heat management system pump valves, air-suspension integrated gas chargers and control units, smart cabin products, power drive executors, etc., laying the foundation for the company to maintain its rapid development.
Core logic: Quality client structure and continuous release of products. Bringing 2024 performance certainty. Vision 2024, we believe that the core focus of Topip is on the certainty of end-of-cycle operations brought about by high-quality client matrices plus modularised supply capabilities, the continued location of global capacity and the advancement of potential implementers.
1) Basic end of vehicle: Platformed strategy +tier 0.5 model continues to move forward, with high-quality customers such as North American clients, Giuli, Biadei, Huai, Ideas, Ford, Ven and Mi, and new products in 2024, with better certainty in the growth of Tophu performance in 2024.
Near-term supply: Poland, Mexico, U.S. and U.S. clients, Chongqing, C.C. and C.C., An edifice and Biadi, with high-quality, stable customer structure to guarantee medium- and long-term performance certainty. 2) Global production site: November 2023, Tupou Polish plant heat pumps are officially produced and offline.
With a capacity of 500,000 units per year, Mexico’s industrial parks and factories in the United States are moving in an orderly fashion. Investment proposal: Tesla’s industry chain core, maintaining a “better than the big city” rating.
The system of X-y-z line control chassis is gradually being improved, and the electronics of the cars of the support company are entering the release period. On the other hand, the company has recently published information on the recruitment of personnel for the pump valve research and development centre, the power-drive department, the smart surface research centre, the electric-controlled decomposition device, and it is hoped that the company will continue to build up its research and development, design, production, production, etc.
We continue to look at the performance certainty and growth of the company’s product expansion, client breakthroughs, expansion of production capacity, and, given the competitive context of the end-of-service market, lower profit forecasts are expected to be 24/25/26.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject