The Topper Group (601689) has continued to drive down efficiency gains and the Internationalization Strategy has accelerated the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
In the first half of the year, the company continued to grow its sales, lower its costs, and its performance continued to grow. The sales volume of 24q2 major clients grew, the stock of high-value smart electric cars with a bicycle was growing, and the domestic market, where the company and Hua became-Cylis, Ideas, and Ideas.
The company’s innovative business model of 0.5 has continued to be accepted and endorsed by clients, with hundreds of millions of dollars, compared to 744%. The air suspension project, the smart cabin project, the wire control ibs project, the wire control ibs project, and the wire control system.
The production of the order for the eps project began gradually, with the air overhang project growing rapidly, laying the foundation for long-term corporate development. The company's deployment of the human robot driver contributed $18.5 million for the first time in 23 years and $6.27 million for 24h1. The driver's business will create a new growth pole for the company, a supportive company.
The strategy of internationalization is accelerating. In North America, the first plant in the Mexican industrial park has been put into production, and two other plants are being installed. The European market is well under way, with a light-quantized chassis core.
In the first half of the year, the company won a BMW global project order. The second phase of the Polish factory is under intensive preparation, laying the groundwork for taking on more European home-grown orders. In international markets, the company is an innovative company with the United States of America, a customer, rivian, and others, as well as Ford, gm, stellantis, bmw.
Traditional car companies, among others, have developed full cooperation in the area of new energy vehicles. Topper Group (601689): q2 with high performance growth, platforming strategy continued (2024-07-29)
The Topper Group (601689): Platform Automobile Parts and Components Ledges, a horizontal expansion of outstanding enterprises (2024-06-28) has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, neither for nor for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.