The first half of the year saw a significant increase in performance, with platform-type taps growing robustly.
• The company issued a semi-annual performance forecast, with a sustained increase in profitability of 33.47 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of 1,452 million yuan, or 32.69 per cent over the same period. For the second quarter, the figure was 25.22 per cent over the same period and 24.92 per cent over the same period.
• Platform-based strategies drive the build-up of overseas markets, and corporate operations are expected to create new growth points.
The company’s automobile operations now cover high-value, low-intensity products such as thermal management, wire control, air suspension, etc., and are expected to accelerate performance, depending on technology and client advantage. Companies are continuing to promote global chemical production and increase market ownership. The company’s first plant in Mexico is now in production.
Other plants are moving ahead in an orderly manner, and the territorialization of manufacturing further reduces tariffs and freight costs, enhances the security of the supply chain, and helps companies to upgrade their point-to-point acquisition capacity, with a further increase in overseas operations. • Strategic layout ahead, robotic operations are expected to become a new engine for performance development
On 4 January 2024, the company signed an investment agreement with the Ningpo Economic Technology and Development Council for the Robotic Power System Development and Production Base Project. The company plans to invest RMB 5 billion in 300 acres of planned land to build machines in the Ningpo Economic Technology Development Area.
The project focuses on the production and sale of robotic power-driven systems and on the supplier-company depth report 2024.5.28.
Robot line executives and rotation executors, developed by companies, have sent samples to customers on several occasions, and the project is progressing well. Robot business is expected to gain a higher market share in the future, creating a new impetus for company performance.