BluesTech (300433.sz) Electronic components  Other components  Middle-end high end products are expected to boost the new production of new products
The domestic market has grown rapidly, and the share of high- and medium-end products has continued to rise: in the first half of 2017, the company ' s domestic market market sales revenues rose significantly by 88.7 per cent to $1.53 billion in the same year, higher than the overseas market ' s 47.3 per cent increase. And, in terms of Māori rates, the Māori rate in the company ' s domestic market has risen by 5.9 percentage points in the same year.
This shows a positive growth in domestic business, with companies arguing that the rising share of higher value-added medium- and high-end products is the main reason for the rise in the Māori ratio in the domestic market.
A 2.3 percentage point rise in mobile products in the same year was 23.8%, while a 3.4 percentage point decline in the tablet was due to a proactive marketing strategy. It is a matter of concern that 22.6% of the income from other screens, including metals, sapphires, ceramics, increased by 74.7%, making the company the fastest growing.
The product segment, with a small increase of 0.2 percentage points in the Māori rate, is well advanced at the downstream end of the channel, and is expected to be a promising growth point for companies to focus positively on in the future.
The gradual release of new products will stimulate future performance growth: the company did not disclose a forecast of its performance for the three quarters of 2017, but the company believes that in the second half of the year, traditional production will be on the verge of a strong season, with the main client's power, the engine type will be released faster, and the new product is expected to adopt more non-metal designs in the appearance.
In the first half of the year, the company was already working on capacity-building and people.
The construction of the base is moving towards stability, with the market gradually entering a large supply extreme, the second half of the year, and the missing LansyTech: performance fell slightly in 2016, and performance in the second half of the year is expected to increase effectively.
LanceTechnology: The curve shows that back-curve innovation drives industry leaders. LanceTechTechnology: Better end demand in the second half of the year, rising in the future, leading to a decline in corporate profitability; new product lines and new production capacity are being built at a slower pace than expected, and the rate of climb is not as fast as expected.
- Quarterly performance rating: significant growth in revenue collection and cost containment of profitability Companies achieved $8.66 billion in sales revenue in the first half of 2017, an increase of 53.5 per cent in the same year, of which $4.55 billion in sales income in the second quarter, an increase of 52.7 per cent in the same year, mainly in terms of increased market share and increased productivity utilization, resulting in sales and sales volumes.
Over the next few years, smartphone backheads will gradually shift from metal material to non-metal material that is primarily represented by glass, and companies, as backbone firms in the consumer electronics-protected glass industry, are expected to benefit significantly from this change. The company achieved a net profit of 311 million yuan in the first half of 2017, a 25.9% increase over the second quarter.
At a higher level, and since the second quarter, the company has been pre-employing a large number of new employees for the new production base at the Park, in the second half of the year, to reserve large amounts of new products from large-scale households, with higher human costs and significant investment in research and development, which are the main reasons for the company’s net profit growth and revenue growth.
The company ' s main business in the first half of 2017 was 24.0 per cent, an increase of 1.3 percentage points over the same period, with a gross interest rate of 23.1 per cent for the second quarter, a decrease of 1.0 percentage points for the second quarter. The rise in labour costs as a low season for consumer electronics and the fall in prices for traditional products accounted for the decline in the second quarter.
The increase is mainly due to increased research and development inputs and salaries of employees, while the company's new merger and acquisition of the Eastern Pine Hills Lake Base is still in the process of consolidation and technological transformation, with increased depreciation and amortization costs.
In the first half of 2017, corporate sales earnings from overseas markets rose by RMB 7.10 billion, or 47.3 per cent, and Māori by 26.2 per cent, or 1.1 percentage points, compared with the corresponding increase of RMB 1.53 billion, or 88.7 per cent, and Māori by 12.3 per cent.
This represents an increase of 5.9 percentage points. The company ' s Māori ratio has recovered in both domestic and foreign markets, and domestic market revenue and profitability have grown rapidly, mainly because the share of high- and medium-end products with higher corporate value added has continued to rise. (ii) The backbone business has maintained high growth, with high potential for new products.
A breakdown of products shows that mobile phone window protection products earn $5.58 billion, an increase of 47.6 per cent, or 67.4 per cent, of total income.
The product breakdown shows a 2.3 percentage point increase in the company ' s mobile phone window shield business over the same period last year, mainly due to an increase in the demand for home-grown mobile phones, an increase in the company ' s market share, and an equal increase in the volume of orders and sales. The flatboard screen decreased by 3.4 percentage points from the same year, mainly because of the company ' s aggressive marketing strategy, which resulted in a significant increase in its market share.
(iii) Performance guidance: the second half of the company's performance awaits the release of new production capacity The company did not disclose the forecast of its performance for the first three quarters of 2017, but the company believes that in the second half of the year, the traditional production season is approaching, the main client's mainframe will be issued faster, and the demand for the consumer electronics industry, represented by smartphones, is expected to be higher
Thermality, consumers may turn the higher expectations of leading a brand-new flagship model into a demand for real purchases, thereby triggering a round of rapid growth in the entire consumer electronics industry. As the company’s supply begins to move into a large volume phase, and the major production bases are fully operational, performance will be released in the second half of the year.
(b) Price competition for major products leads to a decline in corporate profitability;
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data