The South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
3d glass provides a new engine of growth: as the mobile phone market enters an age of stock competition, individualized demand rises, a large trend of super-loding 3d glass market is about to break out. The company has a full-scale layout from the heat bender, the fine sculptor to the cnc mill. In response to the growing demand for 3d glass, the company has adopted a set increase.
With 3d glass produced at the end of this year, it is expected to produce 50 million units per year. Hundreds of millions of dollars, 240.0 billion dollars, and 34.65 billion dollars, as the leading business in window glass, Lance benefits from this new market by means of capital, technology, and the depth of its three main advantages.
The backcap glassing trend identifies and opens several times the market incremental space; as the radio frequency environment inside the smart device becomes more complex, middle- and high-end mobile phones will be fully covered with glass, and the twin glass + metal middle frame program will return the king. At 45% penetration of the back glass cover in 2019, there will be an additional 740 million items of demand.
Crafts, plating, fingerprint protection, silk prints, pvd, etc., set up a very high industry barrier, and then 45% corresponds to 21.890 billion, 34.72 billion, 48.26 billion in the rear glass market space. Deep-cultivated sapphires and advanced ceramics take over a full range of brittle materials big markets: companies respond positively to new changes in the industry.
In the area of precision ceramics, the company's innovation process, autonomous research and development of specialized equipment, with embryo manufacturing, sintering, back processing, independent manufacturing of high-end smart watches, etc.
Ceramic casings and structures for mobile phones, forward-looking layouts in the new material field, which provide for companies to grow in the future, horizontal expansion and vertical layout, building one-stop solutions for consumer electronic parts and components: taking into account the high demand of large customers for good rates and quality and the characteristics of the industry itself, companies are continuously breaking down consumer electronics.
Horizontal expansion, integration of various components, increasing the value of clients, one-stop resolution programmes for clients, entry into the front plate glass plus touch control module/bioidentification module (Ionization, fingerprint recognition), metal structures (glass plus metal structures), back plate glass plus antenna, etc., next round high for companies
Rapid growth has laid the foundation for a new engine of growth. The chain company’s valuation and the company’s high growth expectations for the last three years have given the company an 18-year 30-fold valuation.
1.1 The Global Consuming Electronic Conservative Glass Lead Company is a global leader in the consumer electronic protection glass industry, with over 30 per cent of the world ' s cities, one of the largest window protection glass suppliers for apples, and one of the three star major suppliers.
With regard to the company ' s shareholder structure, the controlling shareholder, Lanthyscheft (Hong Kong), Ltd., holds 75.15% of the shares of the listed company, the shareholder, Changsha Tunhin Investment Advisory Company, Ltd. holds 7.33% of the shares of the listed company, the indirect control of the natural person, and the owner of 100% of the shares of Lanthysty (Hong Kong) and 85% of the shares of Chang Sha Tsin, together holding 81.38% of the shares of the listed company.
Jung Junlong, a natural person, holds a 14.7 per cent share in Chang Sha Qunhin and holds a total of 1.17 per cent of the listed companies.
The promotion and application of new materials in consumer electronics, the autonomous mastery of industrial kits, molds, specialized equipment, raw supplements, process development design and manufacture, the production of mature sapphire crystals, sapphire production, the production of the entire industrial chain for subsequent processing, the manufacture of fine ceramic embryos, scalding, back-stage processing capacity, 3d curled glass
The bulk production capacity, as well as the bulk production capacity of sophisticated metal structures, biometric modules, etc., is widely applied to windows such as medium- and high-end smartphones, tablet computers, laptops, smart-wearing devices, digital cameras, players, gps navigation devices, car meters, smart homes, etc.
The company's glass base plate is supplied mainly by Conning, followed by Xiamin and Xiamin, three of which are the company's glass base. Figure 4: Lance's main supplier. 1.2 Māori rate is stable and harvests are steadily increasing.
Up. In 2016, as a result of fluctuations in consumer e-market demand, the company experienced a slight decline in its performance, yielding $15.2 billion, 12 per cent lower than the previous year, resulting in a net return of $1.2 billion, a return to sales of 25.3 per cent, and a recovery in consumer e-business in 2017, with the company ' s performance increasing by 34 per cent in the first quarter of the year compared to the previous year, with the growth in traditional demand during the second half of the year, adding two new operations (3d window glass, backcap) this year.
In 2017, the company’s profits are expected to increase considerably. In 2016, more than 60% of the company’s operating income came from cellular protective glass, 10.7% from tablet-protected glass, and the company’s overall collection of protected glass products has increased over the past six years.
▪ Mobile-protected glass, flat-plated glass, other products, mobile-protected glass, flat-plated glass, other products, other operations.
In the first two quarters of 2016, there was a slight decline in corporate gross revenue, but it was quickly pulled back in three or four quarters, and it was maintained at normal levels in the first quarter of this year. The net profit on corporate returns was maintained at a reasonable level, except for minor fluctuations over 16 years.
The area of downstream use of window-protected glass is used mainly for consumer electronics such as mobile phones, tablet computers, etc. The demand for consumer electronics is seasonal in nature, as a result of holidays and people’s consumption habits, usually from March to August, and from September to February.
Rationalizing production, product sales cycles, and therefore window-protected glass, ahead of the end product market cycle
Industrial technology leads: The production of consumer electronics protective glass is characterized by high processing accuracy and difficult processes. The Division has entered the consumer electronics protective glass industry at the earliest, has acquired core technology and technical know-how in the production of Windows and rear-stamp protected glass products, and has a deep technological accumulation and advantages in the areas of 3d glass, sapphire, precision ceramics, etc.
In 2016, the company was granted 162 new patents, 14 of which were inventions: 370. In addition, the company applied nine new patents through pct to countries and territories such as the United States, South Korea, Japan, etc.: four patents were applied to the United States, South Korea, and four patents were granted in South Korea through the Paris Pact.
Rapid R & D and operationalization: A high rate of technological upgrading of consumer electronics, significant investment by companies in research and development of new technologies, new processes, mature, efficient, fast R & D and operational capabilities that provide a strong guarantee of customer demand and a one-stop shop
RMB 1.38 billion, or about 9 per cent of total revenues, an increase of about 21 per cent over the same period. Sustained and steady investment in technology research and development will facilitate the smooth implementation and production automation strategy of new materials, new processes, new products and priority projects for companies to continuously improve the quality of their products, enhance their value and earn customer trust.
Autonomous research and development of specialized equipment: autonomous research and development by companies and joint research and development with equipment manufacturers, commissioning equipment manufacturers with confidential agreements to produce specialized equipment and, for a period of time, exclusively supplying companies with most of the work-packages, molds, accessories used by companies for their production.
To ensure that R & D and STI continue and maintain the technological excellence of products. Excellent quality control: companies strictly enforce product customer quality standards and enterprise quality standards, improving product quality from the selection of suppliers to the monitoring of product line quality, and the testing of finished products.
Global Quality Clients: Over the years, the company has worked hard in the area of consumer electronics protection glass, and has won a number of high-quality, stable customer resources, including three stars, lig, Amazon, Microsoft, Nokia, Tesla, Huaiang, oppo, vivo, Mi, Union, and other well-known national and international brands.
As can be seen from the company ' s sales of major customers in the first quarter of 2017, Apple and Samsung remain the company ' s largest customers, accounting for more than 70 per cent of the company ' s total sales in the first quarter, and from the last six years, the ratio of the sales of the two major clients to the company has fluctuated, but has remained generally high, consistently exceeding 60 per cent of the total sales, and apples have remained constant.
In recent years, with the rise of national product plates, companies have been active in developing their customer relations abroad, and the mainland China’s share of revenue has been increasing. At the same time, companies have diversified their client agencies, with a concentration of large clients of 2 glass blue sea: 3d over-blank has opened several times the market increase.
Consumption rises sharply, and according to international experience, when the per capita gdp of a country or region exceeds $7,000, a new round of consumption rises in the form of a more branded and good-quality product, with much less price sensitivity, a smooth growth of the future global smartphone industry, and a faster growth of medium- and high-end products.
In the 3d surface glass area, the company continuously optimized its processes and processes, and new developments designed a number of key production equipment, based on prior research and development and small-volume production, which significantly increased the company’s process in 3d panels and back-stamp glass.
The quality of the process and the quality of the process, with the first four-sided 3d glass processing methods, and the achievement of exclusive supply of vivo, Hwa, the new four-faced 3d glass panels and the back cover, have led to brand-value upgrading and a better economy for both companies and clients.
Dozens of them, mostly located in South China East, have invested capital in 3d glass in recent years, plentiful upstream glass sculptors, driving the industry’s rapid growth. In 2016, the size of the mobile glass market (combined positive and negative) was 40.13 billion, and the trend in the use of double-faced glass for mobile phones increased by 3d.
With the rapid increase in glass penetration, we predict that cellular glass (combined both positive and negative) will have nearly 100 billion market space, with 38.1% projected, by application scenario, a total of 57.42 billion glass was projected to be covered by 2019 and 48.26 billion glass used by the back cover, respectively.
LansyTech used the US Conning's base plate glass. In 2016, Samsung and some of the country’s product plates (oppo, vivo, Huayau, Mi) were increasingly introduced.
3d glass design, industry is in a state of outbreak. By industry chain data, 3d glass prices are several times 2.5d (five times four and three times twice two). The 3d bottleneck is the soft-led screen, which is currently monopolized by Samsung, but successive expansions in Kyoto East, Tianma, Visino and Fai will lead to a rapid increase in 3d glass penetration.
The rapid increase in the penetration of double-faced glass and 3d glass will create a huge market space ... The company has made a huge effort to expand production, accelerating the construction of the "3d-curve glass production project" with high standards and stringent requirements to drive forward the procurement and development of equipment, innovations in the 3d glass sector, the accumulation of a large number of new process methods, new specialized equipment and experience, efficiency and good efficiency.
Rates have improved considerably, and production capacity has begun to release. Faced with tens of billions of dollars in the 3d glass incremental market, there is an increase in inputs from all sectors, with three main players in the market: 1) Metalshell Manufacturers (vertical integration): Biadi
2) Other spare parts suppliers (horizontal layout): Sioux Tech 3. Former market participants: Bourne Optics, Lancets, Table 3: Recent partial 3d glass extension
In 2016, the 3d surface glass sheet application rate was only 5% of the front-cover glass market, and we expect that with the production capacity of the 3d glass-backed oed screen and the improvement of the manufacturing rate and process of the associated equipment, the oed softness screen will continue to be available, reaching 10%, 25%, and 35% penetration over the last three years.
More than 14 brands, in addition to Chinese, Samsung, Mio, Opo, vivo, Naking, Moi, Nubian, I plus, will be added to the 3d element; with the production of the oed screens of manufacturers such as Tian Ma, we predict that the market penetration rate of 3d glass will reach 35 per cent by 2019 or will become a reality.
In the process of growth, we measure the income of 3d window glass as follows: 3 pairs of glass trends are determined, back caps are doubled, stock games are a time of declining consumer recognition of hardware indicators, and the marginal effects of improved hardware performance are changed.
Good things are weakened, homogenous competition is high, and “micro-innovation” becomes an important competitive tool. Mobile operators tend to improve product recognition and achieve “circle powder” by optimizing their operating systems, fine-tuning their designs, shaping and infusing their brand culture, so that smart phones in the hands of consumers are gradually becoming a symbol of identity, taste, affection.
The most direct and obvious ways of differentiation, smart phone casings have experienced different billions of plastics, glass, metals, ceramics, etc. The company has been active in expanding production to respond to demand. The trend of non-metal machine casings to replace metal casings has become more inventive, and, due to the value of glass, process maturity, and capacity to measure production, the design of the “double glass + metal frame” will be definitive over the next three years.
Currently, only three stars and Mi are using glass backboards in their flagships, and the new Apple generation of iphones in 2017 will use double-faced glass designs that are expected to serve as an important catalyst for national product tags to follow. This year, the company ' s 2.5d glass capacity will expand by 50% to more than 600 million pieces to respond to a client ' s need for new glass backboards.
On the basis of the penetration rate of double glass in recent years, we have measured the market space for cellular backboard glass as follows: it is expected to reach $21.89 billion in 2017, with an increase from 0-1 and thus up to 43.1.3 per cent.
In order to respond to the demand for new orders from large clients using a double-faced glass design, the 3d-curved glass production planned by the company at this stage is mainly designed to meet the Andre operating system products represented by Samsung, Mi, vivo, oppo, and Hua, whose needs are currently met by 27 million tablets/years.
And prepare major clients, such as Apples, Samsungs, or surface-designed tides, for a two-faced glass, and in the future, will be able to open up more energy cylinders, issue convertable debt, increase investment in line with industry trends, plan to add 150 million consumer electron protections, glass production and 70 million glass-protected 2.5d and 3d windows, and have sufficient production reserves to ensure the company's appearance.
In the light of the larger trend of innovation, the benefits have been brought to bear and performance surges enhanced.4 Intense thinking: diversification has led to the creation of one-stop consumer electronic parts and components supply 4.1 horizontal sapphire and ceramics covering the entire series of brittle materials
As a champion of window-protected glass, LansyTech, in addition to continuing to consolidate its strengths in glass and other non-metal materials, has been active in expanding other areas, with successive configuration touch, precision metal, antenna and biometric modules, to create a secondary driving engine for the development of the public administration.
As technology and production efficiency improves and costs decrease, sapphires such as watch never wear off surfaces, precision instrument bearings, etc. The sapphire applications, as an ideal material, span a wide range of areas, such as machinery, chemistry, optical, electronics, and space.
The company now has high-quality sapphire material production and processing technology, and its autonomous crystallized equipment and control systems not only reduce production cycles by more than 30%, and are still being optimized. The technology, whether at energy consumption levels, single-organic output levels, or excellent rates and utilization rates, has reached international leadership levels.
Based on a multi-year technological reserve, the company raised an additional $3.4 billion in 2015 for sapphire production and smart terminal response, based on increased investment and expansion based on the BluesTech (Long Sand) project for the production of original sapphire and the application of smart terminal applications.
The project achieved an annual production capacity of about 300 million sapphire cameras, 240 million fingerprint recognition and protection lenses, and 30 million smart wearing equipment. The project was built for two years, with a delivery rate of 80% in the first year of its construction, with an estimated annual sale of $6.78 billion and a net profit of $1,116 million.
The company raised 3.4 billion yuan in sapphire sapphires in the previous period, with a projected capacity of about 300 million sapphire cameras, 240 million fingerprint recognition and protection lenses, 30 million smart wearing equipment shieldes, with clients covering apples, Samsung, hov, and small years of $6 billion, with a combined growth rate of 28.9 per cent.
Sapphires are used in the main application market, with 78 per cent of them, and smart cell phone lids, camera protections, smart watches, etc., as compared to normal ceramics, which have a physical properties of high intensity, rigidity, low thermal inflating coefficients and, on that basis, fine ceramics, which have excellent lightness, scalability, blistering, and a comfortable sense of far better than other materials, and which also avoids daily sweaty vibes.
The corrosion of the metal material backboards. The thermal conductivity is less than that of the aluminum alloy backboards, but it avoids excessive use, causing residual heat to spread to the skin surface. The above-mentioned advantages of ceramics make it possible to adapt to the current trend of miniaturization and thinning of products.
The supply and demand side of the ceramic shell industry is constantly improving: after Mimix's release, the fire broke, and the application of the rice 6 to the ceramic shell was another major catalyst. Both consumers and brand manufacturers have increased their acceptance of the ceramic shell after two years of cultivation, with other countries branding brands like Hua.
Opo and vivo are also expected to follow up by launching a high-end version of ceramics on their flag ship. Small Mimix has now become available, we judge that the production of ceramic shells in the supply chain has improved significantly, and the follow-up of the company Ramsy Tech, the Tri-ring Group, the Proximity and the Electronics has been expected to further accelerate the application and expansion of ceramics.
Figure 40: Ceramic version of millet 6 The upstream materials in the microcrystal porcelain appliance industry are largely monopolized by Japan, and according to industrial chain research data, foreign powder prices range from about $800 to $1,000 per kilogram and domestic powder prices from one-quarter to one-third abroad.
Industry is catching up, and national production is expected to be replaced over the next few years. Based on the next three years, we will reach $35.6 billion in 2019, with a huge market growth rate of 5%, 8%, and 12%.
The medium constant for zro2 is 32-35, three times the sapphire, and all the other materials are within 10, a feature that is conducive to raising the electron differences in the high and low parts of the fingerprint recognition module, thus making the fingerprint more sensitive, successful and faster, and suitable for a pressure-based fingerprint identification module.
We calculate the whole state-of-the-art ceramic in the market space for consumer electronics based on cell phone appearances, fingerprint identification coatings, and intelligent wearing three sub-ceramic markets. Fine ceramics are characterized by complex processing processes and high processing difficulties, and they are less productive than glass, metal, etc.
The processing costs are high, so the precision ceramics industry also has high industrial barriers and companies have a pre-emptive advantage. In 2011, Rance invested $500 million in technology to create a combined R & D, production, sale, etc. in the Ceramics of China and the Hunanhua Ceramics.
Sex ceramics can be used in large quantities for smart terminals and electric cars to cut into a huge market for new electronic materials. 4.2 Vertically diversified layouts, deep-farming industrial chains, and increased customer value.
1) Front and rear sheet + box in metal 2) rear sheet glass + antenna 3) front plate glass + fingerprint recognition/touch control/Irisme recognition
In 2016, the company acquired assets such as the land, plant and other assets of Dong Ying Guang Plastics Ltd. in the town of Poang in Dongjong City, United Sino (China) Science and Technology Ltd. in the High Technology Industry Development Area of Dong Xongshan Lake, and the surface photovoltaic (Hunanan) Ltd. in the Yuyang Biopharmaceutical Park ... which laid the foundation for the next stage of the company ' s in- and out-of-life development.
4.2.1 Double-bond + metal, hundreds of billions of space-based new starting points, although the big glass trend has been determined, there is still much room for the metal structure, especially since, under 3d glass, its structural strength cannot support the overall body strength, and therefore it must be supported by higher aluminium alloys or stainless steel.
The asp in the alloy box was between 100 and 200, and the high strength of stainless steel required more cnc processing time, so the asp was between 200 and 300.
, which will now be substantially integrated because of the cost of transport and the good rate of transport, either the metal sheller will integrate the glass, or the glass producer will integrate the metal middle frame. The middle-frame market, which corresponds to the double glass, is calculated on the basis of the penetration rate of the glass, as follows:
In March 2017, the company acquired platinum plastics at $215 million and set up a subsidiary of 167 million, which works with cellular antennas and metal structures to strengthen the power of metal-working plates. The project was invested in two phases, one on the ground.
71,000 square metres, with thousands of sets of high-precision machine tools, to be fully built by June 2017 to 2019. Through 70% of Shenzhen Dream's communication, the company quickly cut metal ornaments, metal structures, aluminium zinc amalgams.
The metal-processing area of the gold-polluted cast provides customers with a comprehensive solution for glass and metal components such as the inner frame of the metal and the back cover. 4.2.2 Glass + antennas, all metal casings, affect the internal antenna work of the mobile phone, and glass and ceramic casings will be brought into the antenna industry when they become mainstream.
New changes. The three-stage antenna programme, starting with iphone4, will be history, and more and more antennas have been incorporated directly into the cell phone casings. Three stars are using the new glass backcap decorating technique to make their metal look a little bit unreal. Compared to the whole metal process, the glass backcaps are used.
The manufacturing threshold is low, there are no production bottlenecks, and the cost is much lower than that of the metal process, with the behind-curve membrane process (astronomy and touch electrodes) having such advantages as a thin thickness, non-degradation of the metal layer, good consistency, 3d formation. 4.2.3 glass sheet + biometric/lcm layout
On the basis of the glass, the company distributed the icm module, the biometric module, etc., and supplied fingerprint recognition module products to some of the country ' s product customers. In December 2016, the company acquired plant and production equipment under the United Victory Technology flag to achieve land, plant, and production at low cost.
In April 2017, with US$54 million, the company acquired the factory and machine equipment under the name of Hinghua in Viet Nam to perfect the interface with the world’s most advanced production capacity. The company will use the town of Doonggu City as a base for the development and manufacture of metal-structured materials, and the lake will be branded as the company’s brand-oriented.
Clients 2.5d, 3d protective glass, special feature display product production and development base. Assuming that 1: company cellular window 2.5d glass operations maintain a Māori rate of 24 per cent, 2.5d glassasp is largely stable, mobile phone 3d glass operations maintain a Māori rate of 30 per cent, and 3d window windows for the next three years asps 70, 65,
Assumption 4: Māori rate for flat plate glass protection operations is maintained at 14%, with a stable share of the larger client base, good rate and Māori Scenario 5: Māori rate for other glass protections is maintained at 30%; Assumption 6: Sapphire mirrors are effectively released as they become available in both rooms.
Based on the above assumptions, we project the company's sub-operational income for 2017-2019 as follows:
We have selected the leading shares of the consumer electronic glass industry as a reference for the valuation, namely, Kyoto Easterna, Long-Splendished and Precision, Treasure Group, Star Technology, Sea Conway View, Ophelia. The company is expected to have an eps of $1.32 in 2018, and we believe that the company will be valued 30 times as much in 18 years, taking into account the Apple Chain's valuation and the company's high growth expectations for the last three years.
\triangleright new capacity to release or not to meet expectations.
\triangleright Price Competition or Decline of Māori
The Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been qualified in securities investment advisory business as approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.