The curry glass industry is about to develop a new dynamic, and Lance is expected to be strong.
Yang Minghui, the front line in the glass industry, is back on track. The company is the leader in the cellular glass industry. The company, together with Bourne optics, holds the main share of the market.
The entire market was dominated by oligarchic patterns, ahead of other competitors in the industry. Previously, the company ' s operating income and net profits in the first half of 2016 were influenced by a new downstream terminal, weak demand and price pressure from its customers.
The company then actively developed domestic customers, and its share in the domestic market grew rapidly, returning steady with orders from the big downstream customers, eventually reversing its performance in the second half of 2016, with glass behind the glass +3d glass, and the industry gaining new momentum.
A combination of wireless charge and 5g communications requires non-metal material for the back of the cell. Of the many non-metal materials, only glass can be used on a large scale in the back of the cell phone, balancing quality with cost. 3d glass has a better appearance and is more suitable for soft-led.
With the combination of these two trends, the curved glass industry is expected to grow at a high rate, and the industry is expected to see great prospects. We predict that the 3d glass market space will reach $95.2 billion in 2020, and that the entire curved glass market space will be able to reach 95.2 billion dollars.
The 3d glass industry barriers are high, and Lance is expected to be strong. The 3d glass production process is extremely complex and requires large-scale capital investment, with very high technical and capital barriers.
Over the years, the curry glass processing industry has accumulated a wealth of production experience, with the industry’s leading production technology. At the same time, companies have strong capital power through capital markets.
R & D and capital spending provide a solid foundation. In the process of industrial development, Lance is expected to be strong.
The company has raised funds to invest in sapphire production, and is expected to benefit from the development of the sapphire industry in the future. Ceramics take advantage of strength, grindability, resilience, and plasticity.
The company has set up a subsidiary for ceramics, and has successfully achieved the production of cellular ceramics. As the cost of ceramics declines further, ceramics will give new impetus to the company’s growth.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: The company is the leader of the global curve glass processing industry and has depth.
The industry is facing the twin trends of glass backliding and upgrading to 3d glass, and the company has a technological, capital and customer advantage in the glass-plus industry, and is expected to compete in the new trend, and expand its lead. And the company is in the process of sapphire and new ceramic materials.
• Research and development, production and marketing of the primary business and equity structure of 1.1 companies, with products widely used in mobile phones, digital cameras, tablet computers, laptops, steam
The company’s product quality is in the forefront of the industry, is a major supplier of top international consumer electronic brands, such as a customer and a Samstar, and is widely recognized by its clients. The company has been active in developing new dynamic energy around the glass industry.
The company took advantage of the capital market to finance an additional $3.1 billion in 2016 to expand the capacity of 3d surface glass and sapphire, bringing the 3d glass capacity to the forefront of the industry and successfully entering the emerging sapphire material industry. Through a joint venture with Lanth, Hong Kong, the company was able to develop its own research.
In 2017, the company also completed the acquisition of 100% of the joint venture and completed the change of business register and successfully expanded the downstream industry chain. The shareholders in the company are Quantities, Jung Jun-Long and Jung, who hold 82.57% of the company directly and indirectly.
Ms. Zhou is the founder of the company and holds the post of Managing Director of the company, with more than 20 years of experience in the glass-processing industry, and a great deal of management experience. The company operates through a number of subsidiaries, Quinshan Lanth and Lanshwan, which mainly produce glass products, and Lanshua is the main producer of ceramics and Lanstyren's leading student.
Car-cars are equipped, while Chang Shalanth produces mainly glass, sapphire, ceramics, 3d, vehicle-borne products. 1.2 Client structures are gradually diversified and performance is returning to high growth. The top two clients of the company are a customer and Samsung, which together account for more than 60% of the income.
Actively opening up new customers and now successfully entering the supply chain of domestic mobile phone manufacturers such as China, oppo, vivo, and Mi, the share of income from domestic customers has been rising, reaching more than 15% by 2016, the corporate customer structure is moving gradually and the client price pressure influences, and the company’s operating income has increased negatively. Meanwhile, companies have continued to increase their investment in research and development during this period.
The positive import of 3d glass production has led to a significant increase in management costs and a significant decline in net profits. By the second half of 2016, business earnings and delivery had increased significantly as the top North American customers were gaining market ground while firms actively developed domestic customers.
The company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate declined significantly in 2014, mainly because the company began to channel 2.5d lines in 2014, resulting in higher labour costs due to the recruitment of a large number of new staff, and a significant decrease in the utilization of glass from flat-plate panels, which led to a significant increase in the cost of depreciation of equipment. After almost three years of adjustment, the company ' s Māori rate has stabilized.
However, the level of net interest rates has declined slightly, mainly because the company has been actively importing 3d glass lines for nearly a year and a half, and has invested significant resources in research and development inputs, resulting in higher management costs. By the time the 3d glass product starts to supply its customers in large quantities, the firm’s net interest rate is expected to pick up.
2 glass recaps + 3d glass, new power in the industry, new technology 2.1, new trends resulting from the shift of cellular recaps to glass material. Most of the mobile phones on the market are now covered with metal, but with wireless charging and 5g communications, the metal is being used.
The electromagnetic shielding effect of the back cover is no longer negligible, and non-metallic materials are the inevitable choice for the back of a cell phone. Of the three non-metallic materials -- glass, ceramic, plastic -- only glass materials can balance quality with cost and are currently the best non-metallic materials that can be used in large quantities.
Wireless charging and 5g communications require non-metal backheads. Wireless charging can solve the problem of limited ability to continue mobile phones. It can reduce cellular openings and match the trend of cellular inflammation, while at the same time giving mobile phones real mobility, it will be the dominant method of charging in the future. Wireless charging is no longer just a stop.
To remain in the conceptual phase, it has started to be used on a large scale in mainstream electronics. Three stars have been equipped with wireless chargers since Galaxys 6, and a customer smart watch product has been marked with wireless chargers.
Under the lead, domestic smartphone manufacturers are expected to be heavily equipped with wireless chargers. Wireless recharge technology is achieved mainly through magnetic resonance, electric field coupling, magnetic sensors, and microwave wireless transmission.
It can't be used in a metal-backed cell phone. But electromagnetic waves can penetrate non-metal materials like plastics, glass, ceramics, so if a cell phone is to have wireless charge, it has to use non-metal. For example, the three-star latest flagship galaxys8, which is also marked as non-wire charged, using glass as a non-metal material behind a cell phone.
5g communications technology will be large-scale commercial in two to three years, with the biggest impact on mobile phones being millimetre wave communications and mimo technology. The millimetre wavelengths are long and less permeable, and the heavy shielding of the metal rear caps will seriously affect the millimetre wave signal. 5g mobile phones need to use mimo antenna technology, which makes the number of antennas built into the cell phone significant.
Added, the design complexity that comes with it requires that interference problems be minimized. The metal backlids can affect antenna performance and create shielding or jamming of the beacon, resulting in uneven signals received by the mobile phone, so that the metal backlids are not suitable for mimo antenna technology.
Chart 12: iPhone6s needs to fill plastic material behind metal to solve disturbance problems.
The middle of the backboard is aluminium magnesium alloys and glass is the best non-metal material that can currently be reconciled with quality and cost.
Among the three types of non-metal materials that are currently in the mainstream are glass, ceramics for oxidizing and polycarbonate plastics, glass is the best non-metal material that can be reconciled with quality and cost. Polycarbonate plastics are cheaper in themselves and are thicker and heavy and not compatible with lightly thinning developments on mobile phones.
The trend, coupled with a poor sense of hand, is mainly applied to medium- and low-end mobile phones and is not suitable for large-scale use in the flagship. The more obvious advantages of oxen ceramics in grinding, material resilience, plasticity, and very good hand and face values are seen in the warmness of the six-plate version of rice.
And the immaturity of the process leads to low rates of good practice, high costs, high costs, and not easy to use on a large scale, and there may be part of the flag ship that tries to use ceramic backcaps.
More importantly, the curled glass is supplied with raw materials that are relatively mature, good, low-cost, and suitable for large-scale use. So, in our view, Bob is the best non-metal material that can currently be reconciled with quality and cost.
2.23d glass gradually replaces 2.5d glass as the mainstream option 3d glass, unlike 2d glass and 2.5d glass, refers to a curved glass that is designed arc in the middle and on the edges. 3d glass has a better appearance and a more flexible version of the glass compared to the 2.5d glass currently in use.
The screen has two main advantages, which are expected to replace 2.5d glass as the form of the future mainstream curved glass. 3d glass has a better look. 3d glass has an overall arc, a more round look, a better touch, and a better sense of hand than 2d glass and 2.5d glass.
The appearance is stronger, more stunned, better gripped, while the arc looks are new and new, with more year-old s8s, always contributing to the sale of the three stars' flagship series. 3d glass is more flexible and the oled screen is better.
Soft oled has the advantage of being light, colorful, suitable for a full screen, and adding side action dimensions will be the next generation of mainstream displays. Three stars have successfully applied soft oled screens in multisat phones, a client will also be equipped with soft oleds in the latest generation of phones, and domestic mobile phone manufacturers will be equipped with soft oled screens.
In terms of capacity supply, while currently 95% of the world’s soft-led panels are in the hands of Samsung, ligd, Kyoto East, Deep Heaven, Sinley International, Jdi, and Sharp, many manufacturers are investing heavily in soft-led production lines, and production bottlenecks are expected to be alleviated in two years.
Because the right and left sides of the soft-led display are bent, the soft-led screen cannot use 2.5d glass as a sheet, but must use 3d glass. Since the front of the cell phone uses 3d glass, when the back-top also uses 3d glass, the cell phone will become a rounded whole, folding the glass with an excellent appearance, double.
3d glass phones will be the ultimate goal of the ultra-simplified design style, so we think that double 3d glass will be the most dominant model for the future.
Driven by the twin trends of glass cover and 3d glass, we believe that the future market for curved glass will have a broad picture. According to the data released by idc, 1,471 million smartphones were sold worldwide in 2016, on the basis of which we predict that global smartphone sales will reach 1,530 million, 1,591 million, 1,639 million, and 1,655 million, respectively, over the next four years.
In 3d glass, we expect the penetration of the front sheet to reach 10%, 25%, and in the 2.5d glass for the next four years, we expect the penetration of the front sheet to be 70%, 55%, 30%, 15%, respectively, and the back cover, as the current penetration rate of the front sheet is already high and will gradually be replaced by 3d glass in the future.
We have thus estimated that the market space for 3d glass will be $15.9 billion, $43 billion, 81.1 billion and $95.2 billion, respectively, and the market space for 2.5d glass will be $27.9 billion, $27.8 billion, $28.7 billion and $18.6 billion, respectively, for the next four years. According to the estimates, we believe that the entire market for curved glass will grow in a flash and demand pattern over the next two years.
A dramatic expansion will provide significant development opportunities for firms affiliated to the industry. 33d glass industry barriers are high, Lance is expected to be strong, 3.1 technology complex + scale effects, and 3d glass industry has high barriers.
1) 3d glass processing is a technical barrier, and the 3d glass processing mainly increases the heat curves compared to the 2d glass and 2.5d glass. The heat bend is to heat the flat lobes to about 600 degrees centigrade, until the glass is softened and subdued by the heat bender. In heat, it is often difficult to control.
Temperatures and precisions cause different parts of the glass to break down with uneven heat. At the same time, when operating heat benders, it is necessary to introduce a professional plastic engineering engineer for modeling, sheeting, process parameter adjustment, and companies without skilled engineers will have difficulty in mastering heat bending techniques.
After the hot bending process has been completed, the subsequent processing process has become much more difficult than the surface glass. The subsequent processing difficulty has been concentrated on the three processes of curing, curling printing, and curing.
The development of special polishing equipment and polishing materials, the design of 3d polishing molds and the introduction of professional polishing technicians. In the curve print chain, new decorative processes, such as spraying, exposure, tattoo etching, 3d lass and 3d appliance, need to be developed and equipped with new equipment for the process, and new technical workers need to be introduced.
At the curve line, the development of unique technologies such as 3d-coated protective film, Phillin, etc., as well as the introduction of specialized appliance equipment, appliancers and appliance processes. 3d glass processing is highly technically difficult, and these technologies usually only gain experience in long-term production processes.
Progressive improvement and the creation of a workforce with a wealth of production experience are necessary to combat it. For enterprises that have little experience outside the industry or industry, it is difficult to acquire the full range of technology involved in the processing of 3d glass in the short term, so the difficulty of these technologies creates a) 3d glass processing heavy asset characteristics that create a scale barrier.
3d protective glass is a highly customized product that can only be used at the end of a given customer’s specified type of machine, and the manufacturer must have sufficient production size, continuous supply capacity and a rich capacity to match the demand for orders in the multiple customer’s different models in time. At the same time, scale production can effectively increase the demand for upstream raw materials.
Given the asset-intensive nature of the 3d glass process, a stronger scale-effect barrier has been created for the industry, which can only be won by firms with strong financing capabilities. In the case of Lansytech, for example, for the 3d glass expansion program, the cost of purchasing equipment and raw materials has been reduced.
After listing, financing has been made on two occasions, and in November 2015 the CMC approved the approval of the company ' s non-publicly released equity application, and allocated $1 billion of the additional $3.1 billion raised for the 3d glass project, and a temporary shareholders ' conference in June 2017 to issue a transferable $4.8 billion, all of which will be used for the scaffolded glass-capable expansion project.
3.2 Lance has three main advantages, with a long line of champions. 1) Technology reserves and R & D advantages.
The company, as one of the first companies to enter the curved glass industry, after many years of accumulation and innovation, has mastered the best technology in the industry in every process: carving: the company's carving machine can be as sophisticated as 0.01 mm and develop the cnc carving machine on its own;
(b) Enhanced: thermal treatment of sodium potassium ion exchange processes to significantly increase the hardness and resilience of glass;
plating: in a vacuum, ion-source-assisted plating of the glass surface by plating the plating process on the glass surface, leaving no charge residue on the glass surface; Thermal bends: the company began production of the thermal bending process in 2014 with a wealth of experience:
Testing: autonomous development of logo deflection detection techniques and ccd rapid detection station techniques. In the 3d surface glass area, the company continuously optimizes its processes and processes on the basis of prior research and development and small-volume production, develops new critical production equipment, and significantly improves the company ' s process of 3d sheeting and back glassing.
At the same time, the company’s technological strength is amply demonstrated by its first four-sided 3d glass processing methods, with an exclusive supply of vivos, and a four-sided 3d glass sheet and back cover for the new machine. The company attaches great importance to R & D and invests heavily in R & D every year. The company’s R & D costs in 2016 amounted to 13.84.
High and sustained R & D inputs lead to a technological build-up, with 397 patents granted to companies by the end of 2016, including 23 patents for inventions, 364 patents for practical new applications and 10 patents for design appearances. Figure 25: Corporate R & D costs as a proportion of income continues to rise
2. Size and capital advantages. The company has a number of complete R & D production bases, and it has achieved volume production. The company has a large production scale, a continuous supply capacity that meets the demand of individual customers for different types of orders and a large number of customers and consolidates its client base.
Quantified production gives companies a stronger bargaining power, allowing them to reduce to some extent the cost of equipment and raw materials procurement; it also stabilizes the company’s operations, guarantees the sustainability of R & D and STI, and preserves the technical advantages of the products.
Companies have always maintained very high levels of capital expenditure, exceeding $2 billion a year since 2011, and even more so in 2014 on the resource advantage of large clients, who usually have large orders, higher prices and higher Māori rates, and who can move into large customer supply systems.
Guaranteeing a stable level of profitability, which allows more resources to be invested in R & D, thus creating a virtuous circle. At the same time, large clients have high quality requirements for products, often working with suppliers to develop new products, which will enhance their R & D capabilities and technological capabilities.
These R & D investments further strengthen the company’s technological power, ensuring that its client resources are not weakened, and that a virtuous circle is created. When this cycle is established, it is difficult for other manufacturers to break it, and the company thus creates a strong customer resource.
We believe that LanthyTech is based on technology accumulation and research and development innovations by companies that have been protecting against glass-processing manufacturing for many years, as well as capital markets, which further expand their advantages of scale and, finally, on the resources of top, stable international clients downstream.
And the expanding domestic market, with a strong industrial leader, will remain strong and will continue to grow at a rate of 4 sapphires, new ceramic materials, opening up new opportunities for growth, 4.1 sapphire prospects, and companies will push for expansion of production capacity.
Sapphire crystals are the hardest oxidizer crystals, characterized by scratch marks, microwave passage, high grindability, high optical performance, etc., and are excellent infrared materials. Sapphire crystals are warm, can work under harsh conditions close to 2,000 degrees Celsius, and have excellent heat conductors and are ideal for high temperature-resistant materials.
Sapphire materials have a wide range of applications. Sapphires are ideal materials for large-scale and mega-scale integrated circuits, integrated circuits with the advantages of high-speed, low-power, high-intensity and radiation resistance, and have a wide range of applications in areas such as super-large integrated circuits, microwave medium materials, infrared windows.
In July 2012, the company established the Lancet Corporation, which mainly produces sapphire crystals, optical mirrors, etc. The company produces sapphires using conductive modelling techniques.
At the same time, companies are actively and autonomously developing long-crystal equipment and control systems that effectively reduce crystal production weeks and significantly reduce energy consumption. The company’s sapphire products are technologically good and have reached international leadership levels, and have developed much more.
A high-end application, applied to the sapphire cameras, fingerprint recognition and protection lenses, smart wearing equipment screens, etc. After the project is completed, the company will have 300 million sapphire cameras and 240 million fingerprints.
The production capacity of the lenses and 3 million smarts to wear the equipment shield is expected to reach $6.78 billion a year, with a net profit of $1.12 billion a year. 4.2 New ceramic materials are opened and new markets are laid out for the future.
In addition to glass and sapphire, one of the protection materials of the smart terminal is the ceramic material for the oxidation. The physical properties of the oxidation ceramics are multiplied by their strength, grindability, resilience, plasticity, and good hand and face values, which is an excellent electronic terminal appearance material.
At present, ceramic materials are used mainly in smart phones and in wearing devices. In smart phones, ceramic materials are used to manufacture fingerprint recognition module panels and cell caps, with excellent hand and face values, and are popular with consumers. Since oxidizing ceramic materials are extremely intuitive, they are also used in a lot of wearing devices, such as the applewatch back.
In 2012, the company set up an association of Lanshua companies to promote the consumption of electronic ceramics. The company uses the external purchase model of the oxidized powder, then completes its own process of embryo manufacturing, scalding and processing in the latter part, and in 2015.
The company has now been able to produce a quantity of ceramics for the consumption of electronic casings, key presses, and protective tablets, and has successfully supplied them to end-users. As the cost of oxidized ceramics falls further, the company is expected to increase market demand significantly, while the 3d glass penetration rate has increased the Māori ratio.
And 1%, while the Māori rate is stable. Mainly because of the maturity of the flat-plate computer market, flat-plate glass competition patterns are stable and no significant technological advances have taken place. Pegs are about 0.68, smaller than 1, and companies deserve to enjoy their absolute leadership in the glass-plate industry.
Valuation premium. We cover for the first time the “buy-in” rating. The risk that glass covers will be replaced by ceramic material: the main problem with ceramics is high cost and insufficient capacity, which is determined by the long-term concentration of upstream ceramic powder suppliers in a few enterprises in Japan.
(b) 3d glass is less popular than expected: normally, the 3d glass brings with it a completely new look that attracts consumer consumption, but 3d glass still has fragile screen defects, and glass breakbacks can cause users to experience decline and exist
3d glass is less popular than expected. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee