The European community is the leading one-stop house-to-house integrated service provider in the country.
Personalized design, R & D, production, sale, installation and interior decoration of household products. For the first three quarters of 2,023/2024, the company achieved business income of $22,782.1387 billion, respectively, in the same industry: policy incentives to attract passenger flows, and the residential model to raise the value of the guest list.
As a combination of real estate policies is in place to keep the old for the new policy, it is expected that the home will be consumed, the costs will be warmer, and the head company will be expected to benefit more clearly from the old for the new policy because of its high compliance. According to our calculations, in 2023, custom cabinets, custom for the wooden door market.
At 113.3 billion yuan/128.8 billion yuan, the size of the customized home market amounted to 46.9 billion yuan. At the same time, custom-based firms actively promoted the expansion of the product category from one to the house, drawing on their own branding, channel, product, service, etc.
An effective shift of trust towards consumer groups, leading to one-stop sales and a growing market share. The whole industry is moving towards a “branding, multi-species, one-stop-shop” path, where traditional home-based enterprises must adapt and transform quickly.
In order to be better able to pre-empt the industry and to continuously expand the pre-existing company: the Ministry of Enterprise ' s reform drive to integrate goods and deepen its development strategy through integrated cross-cutting flows, sales, delivery, management, operation and integration that are compatible with the future direction of the industry.
In terms of product expansion, the company promotes a major change in the Ministry of Enterprise and furthers its organizational pattern of “one-size-fits-all” through the construction of a city-centred business model, the integrated management of the whole product category (cooking and groceries), the whole channel (retailing and dressing) and the greater alignment of the corporate organization.
The strategic orientation of the home, the widening of the multi-goods interface, and the positive effects of organizational change have gradually become apparent. In terms of access, companies have deepened their development strategies, and, after years of investment and construction, they have built domestic regulations that work together closely and are spread throughout the country.
The largest marketing service network, with the most powerful distributor resources. In addition, the company uses three routes to house, retail, and retail.
Pulling up growth: Retail assembly of the “abc model” with full-scale enabling capacity with a greater potential for complementarity, changing from a “vertical product line organization” to a “horizontal regional block organization”, with a change in marketing structure, product integration will be further accelerated and the company's core competitiveness and markets enhanced
Risks, unrecoverable receivables and receivables, and risk management by distributors.1 Overview: Deepening the strategy of housekeeping, leading to the continued diversification of the new 1.1 brand matrix and moving the strategy forward
Europa is the leading one-stop house-to-house integrated service provider in the country. The company is mainly involved in the personal design, development, production, marketing, installation and interior decoration of home-to-house products.
All home products like metal doors and windows, software, furniture packages, etc. under the flag are Europa, Miform, O'Pholy, Phoenics, O'Pholy, O'Photo, O-Photo, O-Tur, and so on, with multi-layered branding.
Cost groups, which meet the needs of differentiated markets in all their aspects. Currently, with Tianjin, Kiwana, Tinless, Chengdu, Wuhan, a major smart production base, and the completion of the “central-north-east and north-west” national base layout, the global marketplace has broken over 8,000 houses, and there are 128 countries on six continents where products are sold.
The product and brand matrix, which has been under construction for many years, has been built to take a leading role in the strategy of integrating everyone into the world. 1) The product matrix has been refined and the system of association has been built (1994-2013): the Concorch cabinets in Guangzhou were limited to the company's creation in 1994 ("Concern is a pre-European brand") and the production of the entire closet has begun.
In 1999, the company promoted the creation of a national marketing network, which began with the initial establishment of a proxy system of unionization. This was followed in 2003 and 2006 by a military bath industry, an overall closet industry, a wooden door industry, and an improved product matrix.
System phase (2014-2017): In 2014, the company officially launched a residential housing strategy, which was the first high-end home-making model in China. In 2016, everyone was strategically located. Large-scale home-based custom-made mall layout terminals were successfully placed on the market in 2017.
In 2021, the Chinese Ingenuity Base Project settled in Wuhan, completing a national base layout for the North-East and North-West. In 2022, it acquired Italy.
High-end home brands former and new high-end brands for miform. 1.2 Corporate equity structures are centralized, management is highly competent, corporate equity structures are concentrated, and multiple fully owned subsidiaries are well placed. As of 2024q3, company chairman Yao Liang
The company owns 66.19% of the company’s shares, and the company’s deputy chairman, Yao Lianbao, holds 8.14% of the company’s shares, and the two together hold 74.33% of the company’s shares and are actually in control of the company.
Subsidiaries such as Design Ltd., Europa Union (Tianjin) Home Marketing Co. Ltd., Guangzhou Euroside Design Institute Ltd., Wuhanyo Smart House Ltd., and Beijing Skilled Science and Technology Ltd. The core management industry has a high profile and management experience.
Core management, with a wealth of industry experience in the home-based industry, has better judgement and control over strategic trends in the industry, business development actors, hiring mechanisms, incentives, etc. Incentives are well developed and effective, and staff motivation is fully mobilized.
Drawing up, the number of restricted shares awarded to the incentive audience amounted to 58,612.92 million, for a total of 895 persons. Under the restrictive equity incentive scheme, the number of restricted shares awarded to the incentive audience amounted to 7 million, for a total of 53.41%.
Linkage, effective mobilization of incentives for long-term corporate development, thus contributing to sustained growth in corporate performance. 1.3 Everyone is in the midst of a marketing transition, with marginal growth in performance slowing, household consumption being cautious, customizing the effects of further contractions in household market consumption, and on-line versus fashion versus tradition.
Retail household operations have had a shock and corporate revenue and profits are under pressure. Figure 6 shows the company ' s revenue from business in the first three quarters of 2014 - 2024 and the share of yoy ' s closet business in the first three quarters of 2014 - 2024, and the baths have continued to grow faster.
The business income of 2024h1 closets/ cabinets fell by 18.63% per cent and 16.76 per cent, respectively. In the context of overall performance pressure, the company's baths were fully marketed, and the north of South China continued to grow.
A combination of low prices for raw materials, company-driven purchases of reduced raw materials, etc., has reduced the cost of purchasing raw materials and contributed to a rise in the Māori rate. Cost rates have been properly controlled and R & D inputs have been continuously strengthened.
Created, city-based operations, inter-system-based distribution and distribution cost increases; financial cost decreases in 20.23 years were mainly due to higher interest income and exchange losses increased in 2024h1 year-on-year, 2 industries: policy incentives to attract passenger flows, crowd-to-house models to upgrade customers
2.1 A combination of policies to stimulate household consumption and promote the smooth and healthy development of the real estate market. On October 17, the new government launched a press conference on the promotion of the smooth and healthy development of the real estate market.
The policy portfolio was analysed and summarized as four cancellations, four reductions, and two increases. Of these, the “four cancellations” included: one cancellation of restrictions on purchases; two cancellations of restrictions on sales; three cancellations of price limits; and four eliminations of the standard for ordinary and non-regular dwellings.
Low stock loan interest rates, and a reduction in the tax burden on “sale for new” housing purchases. The “two increases” include: 1 additional 1 million remodelling and upgrading of old houses, including through monetized resettlement; by the end of February, the size of the credit for the “White List” project will increase to 4 trillion. We believe that the policy mix will fall to the ground.
To help promote confidence-building repairs and expected improvements in real estate markets, promote market entry for new and improved demand, or promote a steady recovery in the sale of second-hand houses and new houses, thereby contributing to the recovery of demand in the property chain. The financing coordination mechanism will seek to include all eligible real estate projects on the “white list” and should be fully financed and loaned to meet the legitimate financing needs of the project.
On February 23, 2024, the fourth meeting of the Central Finance and Economics Commission noted the need to promote the upgrading and technical adaptation of all types of production equipment, services, the promotion of traditional consumer goods such as automobiles, home appliances, etc. for old and new, and the promotion of durable consumer goods for old and new, among other things.
Home-based products are an important part of the support of old-fashioned policies. Adding to the recent distribution of household-based consumer goods for old-fashioned policies and regulations, such as encouraging the renovation of old houses, local changes in cooks’ security, and aging homes, subsidies for consumption, and support for green smart-house production and consumption, is expected to contribute to a return to home-based consumption.
The high compliance of head companies, on the one hand, makes it easier to promote the landing of subsidy applications and, on the other hand, to meet the renewed demand for consumer diversity through the Liga Code subsidy policy, which is expected to benefit more significantly from the old exchange of the East Province People's Government, the Beijing Municipal Development and Reform Committee, the Jiangsu People's Government, the Henan Province Development and Reform Committee, and the Huaan Securities Study.
Since the second half of the year, governments have introduced various types of household consumption, replacing old ones with new preferential subsidies. European households have responded to the government’s call to actively cooperate with policies that favour the growth of corporate sales and put consumers on the ground. On September 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 24th.
In addition, in addition to the government subsidy, the European Community issued an additional subsidy, and consumers bought Europa closet custom-made products for 20% of the contract amount.
Gold, up to $10,000/household; corporate subsidies can be used to provide a 20% subsidy discount on Europe’s large furniture home appliances, and to promote sales.
In September 2024, the national retail sales of furniture goods amounted to $14.2 billion, an increase of 0.40 per cent over the same period, reversing the downward trend. On a national scale, the total sales of construction materials sold in the stores were $142,248 million, an increase of 14.37 per cent in the ring, a decline of 2.21 per cent over the same period.
In September, the national builder house gas index bhi stood at 12.68, with a ring increase of 8.54 points, a decline of 4.87 points from the same year. “Golden 9 silver 10” is the traditional season of construction home consumption, which has been replaced by an old policy. Market dynamism is expected to continue to be 2.2 customized as a high budget chain for renovation, with a pattern-driven shift in industry.
Customized homes represent a significant part of the higher budget share in the renovation of houses. According to the case of the renovation company, for example, home improvements with 140 square metres of building space and 115 square metres of renovation area (middle and high-end level), 8.698 million yuan was fully equipped at a unit cost of $960/1433/833/600 per square metre, or 25 per cent/37 per 22 per cent, respectively.
Since most of the products under the same custom-made brand cover kitchen cabinets, clairvoyants, bathroom cabinets, closets, sun cabinets, etc., the whole house is custom-built for a higher budget in the renovations. According to the estimates, the size of the custom-made home business was approximately $4.60 billion in 2023.
Market size + suite of fit-out requirements* Product penetration * unit price” measures the size of the market for custom-made household sub-classes. With regard to the number of fit-out units, using data on the area of sale of new and second-hand rooms in Chinese merchandise homes, the following assumptions are made: 1 new house and second-hand suite each year with an average of 95 square metres/sets; 2
In terms of product penetration, based on data from 2015-2022 on the penetration rate of custom cabinets and closets in China, and assuming an increase of 1 per cent/0.5 per cent in the penetration rate of custom cabinets and closets in China each year in the future, it is assumed that the penetration rate of custom wooden doors will be 90 per cent in 2015 and 1 pct per year in the future.
On the basis of the average unit price of home-based products from head-to-head companies, and assuming a 4 per cent increase in average house-to-house prices from year to year across the country for cabinets, closets and wooden doors, price competition intensified and unit prices fell over the previous year, as a result of the policy of market-to-house firms in 2023 to promote price increases and lower prices, assuming the same prices as in 2023.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we measured the transition from the period of 2023 when custom cabinets, custom closets, custom wooden doors, total demand unit per household square metre, to the period of 2.0 for multi-brand, full product, full channel competition.
The shift is due to the intergenerational transfer of the consumer population, the trend towards decentralization/fragmentation of flows, the consumer's quest for personalization, etc., and is also influenced by the decline in the marginal effects of industrialization and the fact that industrial penetration has increased considerably. During the “1.0” period, the size and growth of enterprises have been given priority, and the “run-rounding” has been the central theme of development.
Marketing patterns, channel patterns and product presentations are characterized by relative homogeneity and industrialization, a period that has led to rapid expansion and high growth of enterprises; the “ 2.0” period, with the advent of the stockhouse era, which has led to a further deceleration of overall growth in the home-making sector, increased competition in the industry, and the unsatisfiedness of single channels and products.
Consumer demand, so diversified channels and multi-product line layouts become new features of the industry. Industrial value chains are reshaped, material or monolithic price differences between brands are not evident, experience details affecting consumer decision-making are increasing, and service chains are becoming key factors influencing transactions.
The custom-based household sector has entered a process of deep multi-grade integration and further blurring of the boundaries between product categories. The combination sales model of “unmarked wood-based household products + standardized building materials + personalized software products” is becoming a new industry norm, while consumer awareness of “home-wide” and “dressing” is being effectively nurtured.
The advantages of the site fit-out are highlighted, and consumer recognition is increasing. One-stop fit-out can be “how fast it is” to address consumer demand, reduce information-search costs, reduce information mismatches between consumers and manufacturers and brands, shorten decision-making cycles and facilitate transactional transformation. The furniture industry companies are no longer limited to a single house-wide custom cabinet.
Classes such as Classes, Soft Appliances, which will be pre-marketed and acquired, provide a one-stop-shop service covering home, building materials, furniture, software, electrical appliances, etc., in the form of self-operated or cooperatively operated, with a view to providing better services to consumers. According to research data from the Shell Institute, the proportion of consumers interviewed is between 30 and 39 years of age.
Nearly 50 per cent of the population under 40 years of age accounted for 71.6 per cent, indicating that 80-90 years of age and 30-39 years of age had become the dominant group in the domestic consumer market, and that about 50 per cent of them had chosen to complete and complete the packaging model. One-stop solutions had been favoured by young consumers.
Figure 25 Distribution of consumer age structures for home improvement (%) Households move towards branding, multi-products, one-stop-shops. Customized enterprises contribute to the expansion of product categories from one to the whole house, drawing on their own branding, channel, product power, clothing.
In the traditional process of refurbishment, there is a carpentry component, which extends from a single kitchen/clothing class to a full class of kitchens, closets, wooden doors, etc., with smooth operating logic that meets the home.
The basic needs of the consumer to “renovate one home” and create an integrated whole house space for the whole package. 1) Europeans: Europeans are pioneers and active performers of the business model, and as early as 2014, they set out their strategic orientations, and they have gone through 10 years of exploration, trying to inform themselves, produce, supply chains, etc.
System-building in the areas of marketing services, branding, etc., has provided a strong foundation for the strategy. 2) Sofia: Sofia introduced the concept of living for everyone in 2014 by upgrading the products around the strategy, along with the continued cultivation of the four major brands of Sofia, Milana, Simi and Hua crane. Sofia launched the cabinet,
Walls, doors, windows, bath products, Milana's cabinet products, Simi's custom cabinets, and cranes provide customized product services. The main brand products are now covered with closets, cabinets, doors and windows, wall panels, floors, household goods, home appliances, and baths, providing one-stop shopping services.
3) Chi Bong House: In 2015, Chi Bong House launched the "Zbom Chi Bong House Custom" product, launched the customization strategy, launched the "SuperService State" service strategy in 2022, installed the new win-win model, launched the whole house in space in 2023, launched the whole family strategy.
3 Corporations: The Ministry of Industry has been reforming and deepening the mix of goods, deepening the cross-routing of goods, leading the industry in the development of product diversity, leading the way in the development of packaging. From its inception, the Europeans have shown pre-eminence in the promotion of goods, and in the distribution of channels, leading industry trends.
After entering the entire kitchen industry, the military guard baths, the whole closets, and the wooden gate industry. In terms of channel layout, after years of investment and construction, the company has built the largest network of marketing services within the household industry, with the most powerful distributors (services) in the industry.
3.1 Classes: Business income industry leads, profit margins are released Euros are the leading one-stop high-quality home integrated service provider in the country, with a complete expansion of the product range and a leading income range. In 2023, company closets/sellers/carry doors/baskets earned 119.49 per cent, respectively.
The company's former marketing department, which is classified into product categories, includes the Cook Guard marketing department, the Whole Business department, the Make-A-All-House Department, and others. The company began to implement one of the five major reforms in the management of its channels and marketing system in 2023, which will be classified into product categories.
The Ministry of Marketing has been restructured into three major marketing departments by region, namely, the first, second, and third sectors of European marketing. This reform is intended to address the challenges facing companies in terms of multi-species integration and the re-engineering of the cross-sales capacity of individual distributors.
Integrated management of the whole channel (retail + dress), corporate organizational styles are better aligned with the strategic direction of each other, and multi-grade integration channels continue to widen. Marketing management systems have been restructured to take effect on a city-centred model.
Through market-based change and regionalization of innovation, the end-of-term competitive advantage has been continuously expanded, rapidly creating a range of new marketing models, such as the "Ten Current Approaches +n Business Models" and the "City-Centered Business Model".
The positive results of the organizational reforms have been gradually realized, with Europa Guangzhou's direct business department earning $829 million in 2023, and the Ministry of Business and Industry in Europe, which has been working to improve the three main oversight guarantees (markets, behaviour, and service monitoring) for first-line marketing terminals.
Figure 302019-2023: Guangzhou Department of Public Works operating revenue (millions of dollars) and yoy (%)
By 2024h1, companies were retailing more than 850 active shops, an increase of more than 200 initially. Figure 31 below shows the revenue from the custom home closet business in 2014-2024h1 (millions of yuan) and figure 32: Number of custom home brand closets in 2016-2023 (houses)
As the home-based industry moves into the home-based age, the whole home-based customization is further upgraded to combine the package with the door-wall products to meet the consumer's “one month, the Europa family continues to publish a custom-made 2.0 package covering the home-in-house plus the living room plus the bedroom plus more than enough.
In the suite of 2.0, it also includes $29,800 for a fancy suite, $49,800 for a fancy suite, and $49,800 for a higher demand customer. In October 2023, the Euro-based family introduced a full package of 29,800 for everyone, with the first-ever fit-up of a dress shop.
With a "7 m2 custom cabinet +3 m2 bedroom door + 4 suites of bathroom space " , the upgrade covers the entire house ' s 8 main spaces. In 2022, the value of the entire product package (with furniture, etc.) exceeded $50,000, the value of the unit was raised effectively, and the entire package will continue to be raised.
3.1.2 The cabinets: The size of the business is very large, and the build-up is driven by long-term growth. The cabinet size industry is very large and has been under pressure in recent years. The number of company closets increased from 2088 in the first three quarters of 2023/2024 to 2479, with 391 increases, leading the other companies in the industry.
In terms of the layout of the area, the top three areas of the number of cabinets are the regions of China, China and China and the South-West, with 638/447/397 respectively.
Yearly paper, Golden Kit 2016-2023, Sofia 2016-2023 series of full-scale electrical packages, and the concept of integrated kitchens. In 1997, the company started a sale attempt, and the integration of cabinets began to be explored. By 2021, the company and many other areas of global cooking power were informed.
In-depth strategic collaboration between brand names, high-end, synthesizing, intelligent, and platform-based one-stop shopping platforms. Currently, the Europa cooker series includes smokers, stoves, integrated cooking centres, steam ovens, sterilizers, dishwashers, refrigerators, wine cabinets. The Europa cooker series includes: sink, tap, three spaces, table chairs, table chairs, table and table.
Hang-up, rice box, garbage cans, kitchen supplies. Major cooperative brands include Boshi, Philip, Linne, Matsu, Aixie, Kashbamar, Hansgaya, Franka, Pilgrim High, Twins, Conning, other globally renowned items.
Euro-Society for Global Strategic Cooperation: 3.1.3 wooden doors: The scale effect shows a steady increase in the Māori rate, a rapid increase in income and a sustained lead in the shop layout.
Figure 37 Revenue from a custom home-based wooden door business in 2014-2024h1 (millions of yuan) Figure 382018-2023 Number of customized home-owned wooden gate shops (houses) 3.1.4 Paternity baths: Reverse growth in operating income, stable levels of profitability, sustained growth in operating income and more resilient performance. The company entered the military bath industry in 2003 and established “Guangzhou”
In 2015, the ESP introduced the concept of “all-guard custom” and the new concept of fast-tracking terminal sales, which grew 30% over the same year.
One third of the performance comes from the custom menu. The whole-guard custom model provides space solutions for baths, a much higher unit price than single products, and a fast-growing revenue stream for bath operations. In 2014-2023, the number of doors in the company ' s bath business camp continued to expand and further sunk the market.
In 2016, the company became fully active, depending on the channel, and the layout of the bath terminal shop grew steadily. In 2018-2022, the number of bathhouses rose from 559 to 816, an increase of 257.
The number of stores increased from 258 to 435, from 46.15 per cent to 53.31 per cent, and the number of level-a market outlets decreased from 69 to 44, from 12.34 per cent to 5.39 per cent. From the regional layout of the stores, the top three areas were Washington, Southwest, and China, with 223/133/135, respectively.
The number of bath dealers also showed a downward trend, increasing from 245 to 4.58 per cent in 2018-2022, from 7.99 per cent to 4.58 per cent in the secondary market, from 204 to 259 in the B market, and figures 41,218-2022 for the company ' s different levels of the company ' s market guardhouses (houses) and 42,2018 to 2022 for the company ' s different levels of the market.
3.2 Channels: Deepen the overall development strategy, sharpening the performance of the public, deepening the overall distribution of the channel, with the resources of powerful dealers in the industry, supported by dealers' stores, large businesses, direct shops, and other channels.
Entering and building, the company has built the largest network of marketing services in a highly cooperative and home-based industry throughout the country, with the most powerful dealer resources. Nearly 80% of the company’s operating income comes from distribution channels. In 2023, the company built a system of passenger access on the iron triangle to boost end-flow efficiency.
Under this project, the company has increased its investment in power channels and has built an iron-triangular system of headquarter, market-based and local power providers to provide traffic support for the strategy. 1) Accelerated flow construction, with a focus on new media, a matrix of accounts, content operations, live streaming, etc., to receive visitors; 2) a central generator of electricity through enhanced short video-level direct access.
· 13,600 cloud stores, such as radio distribution models, which give more than 4,000 distributors; 3) Localized electricians and distributors joint operating models that complete dealers' tremors, fast hands, American conglomerates (public commenters), Skycats (Gold) and 100-degree maps, secure customers, etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Over 600 per cent; 4) people are in fast lanes for power suppliers, with a 89 per cent increase in the number of convenor customers over the same period.
After 2018, the home-based industry began to develop, and custom-made firms began to market and open up new lines of business growth. The Europeans saw this as an important part of the company’s strategy, gradually exploring three strategic lines.
In 2021, the retail cleaning business was expanded in the closet category, and in 2022, the retailing was introduced. Retailing, retailing, and zero. The three routes used for selling and selling are complementary and provide important support for companies to deepen their residential strategies.
(i) Recreationalization: Large, its impact on the traditional retail outlets of demand in the furniture industry as a more advanced demand flow entrance, assembly operations, and the launch in 2018 of the piloting of a business model for all.
The two brands of "Eurasian" and "Phones" are used to meet the differences between partners and users from different channels.
In 2021, the new brand name "Star House" was introduced, which was changed in May 2022 to "Phoneys" , giving Ponise a new boost to the growth of his company’s sales by providing a more liberal offer compared to the Oscillation model. In 2022, Punice introduced two sets of meals: 1) and an integrated package of 998 dollars.
/m2, custom-made for the customers of furry and old remodeled houses; 2) integrated whole-house custom-made suites of $39,800, custom-made for well-suited and locally adapted consumers. In business expansion planning, Ponise brands were launched in 2022 and will cover 1,300 cities by 2026, with 3,000 open shops for sale.
The sale went over $10 billion.
Baunis Penith.
In terms of the channels, the performance of the pipeline has increased against a background of pressure from the retail channels of the company. 2024h1, the same rate of revenue from the distribution channels of the company has fallen 23%, and the same rate of revenue from the cleaning channels has increased by 8.7%.
By October 10, 2022, the European Union had achieved a total of 2.4 billion yuan, matching the demand for one-stop purchases throughout 2021 and creating retail outlets for everyone. Retailing is a brand-new business.
It will facilitate the exploration of business models that are adapted to the future for stable operations by existing distributors of the company, in particular single goods dealers, which will continue to acquire traffic during the era of fragmentation of the flow, and raise the cost of passenger singles and billboards. The model will be dominated by existing singles or general distributors of the company, and will be built or upgraded through such scenes as street access, business complexes, etc.
Renovation of the old single-port shop and sale of Europa home-based products under the flag and in the cooperative brands (cookings, etc.) and integration into value-added services such as renovations, furnishings and housekeepers, and closing of consumer improvement services + demand for home-based products
Oppein works hard on people's lives, custom-made improvements are integrated, retailing people's living patterns are changing over time to boost growth. As the structure of the company's marketing organization is reformed,
The urban business strategy of “co-city, planning, synchronizing” has been achieved, and has hampered the development of the layout for each sub-city. In the case of the group's direct business department, it serves as a base for the group, guided by the theory of “tundra” and “hairfly variations” and explores traffic acquisition and team-to-team remodeling.
In 2023, the group direct channel transformed into a retailer, with a clear development path. From 2023, the Europeans promoted the distributors to move on, and, after more than a year of exploration, the retailer was able to make a clear transition.
At the end of 2023, the number of company distributors was 5745, a decrease of 187, of which the number of distributors of the other brands was different.
By the end of 2023, more than 800 cities across the country had applied for retail outlets, and more than 600 cities had officially operated retail outlets.
2024h1, the number of companies retailing their own effective shops has exceeded 850, an increase of over 200 initially. Figure 532022-2023, Number of firms selling by brand, Number of branded dealers in different levels of the company ' s market, 542023, Number of dealers (houses) In retail whole-sale development, the shop pattern is mainly in the form of shops in the company ' s interior and its owner.
In 2022, the Europeans created a fashionable, tailor-made cooperation model for distributors and dress-up business partners, with a “six major enabling” section, with the Europeans' brand influence, product leadership, supply chain systems, strong informatization, activity planning, and a strong end-service capability.
This model can be summarized as the “abc model”.4 Profit forecasts and investment proposals suggest that we split up the company's main business and make income and profit projections:
(1) Overall closets: Overall closet performance declined in 2024 as a result of consumption pressure. The company is expected to increase its market share with a good brand reputation and promote a one-way increase in closets and soft homes in the same way as everyone, thus driving the growth of the guest list and a steady increase in overall business income. We expect the company as a whole to grow steadily in 2024-2026.
(2) Whole cabinet: In 2024, as a result of consumption pressure, the overall closet performance fell. The company is expected to increase its market share with a good brand reputation to drive up the cook-to-team ratio in a crowd-to-house model, thereby driving the passenger billing growth and the overall business income to increase steadily. We expect the company ' s overall closet collection for 2024-2026.
(3) Customize wooden doors: The performance of custom wooden doors declined in 2024 as a result of consumption pressure. The company actively promoted the development of wood doors, which, following the popular model, are expected to increase gradually with brand reputation (4) Whole body baths: In 2015, the company introduced the concept of “integrator custom” to provide a sanitary space solution.
The price of the passenger unit is much higher than that of the individual product, and the revenue from the bath business is growing rapidly and is expected to rise back in 2024. Following up on the popular model, the whole bath business is expected to grow gradually, thanks to its brand reputation.
It will be further accelerated to enhance the company's core competitiveness and market share, and its performance is expected to grow steadily. We expect the company's industry to be classified as “light-work manufacturing - household goods”, according to the Schenwan II industry classification, and we choose to use the pe valuation method for all listed companies under the 100,000 II category of household goods as comparable companies.
i) risk of change in market demand. The residential sector is a post-real estate sector and is not sold by real estate.
As a result of such factors as the climate and changes in the structure of the sale of houses, competition within the furniture industry will become more intense and may have a greater impact on the performance of the public sector and on end-market patterns and channels. (2) There is a risk of increased competition in the market.
In addition, there is a risk of increased competition within firms in order to capture a greater share of the market. In addition, the ecological shift in the home sector, the retailing of traditional building materials markets, rapid contractions, the rapid rise of plastics, the expansion of the product value chain in some parts of the packaging or cross-border enterprises, and industry competition.
The dimension is no longer parallel firm competition, and there are more cross-border entrants to the industry. Changes in internal and external factors have led to industry competition moving from low-level competition for product prices to a level of complex competition consisting of brands, networks, services, talent, management and size.
For the last three years, the company’s direct material costs have been higher than the production costs, and changes in the prices of raw materials have had a greater impact on the company’s production costs.
High volatility in procurement prices may have an impact on the level of corporate profitability. (4) The risk of uncollectible receivables, receivables, and instruments. As macro-regulation measures in the domestic real estate sector have advanced in recent years, the performance of domestic real estate enterprises has also been affected to varying degrees, if macroeconomy is to prevail in the future.
Unfavourable changes in the economic situation, real estate sector financing policies, and major difficulties in the performance of clients may result in the risk of uncollectible corporate receivables and unpayable commercial currency bills, which in turn may have an adverse impact on the financial position of the company and on the results of its operations.
(v) Dealers manage risks. The distribution model of dealers' exclusive stores is the main sales model in the custom furniture industry, and the retail distributor channel is the company’s main sales channel. The distribution model of dealers’ exclusive stores is conducive to custom furniture.
The market share of the product. Although the company and the distributor have agreed on each other’s rights and duties in the cooperation agreement, the distributor is regulated in a uniform manner in the design of the shop’s image, in the training of personnel, in the pricing of the product, etc.;