Performance grew robustly, with the cloud and the ai operations breaking out on 26/03/2025. Basic operations grew robustly and arpu increased steadily. Income from mobile communications services reached 2024.
\triangleright, 0.4 per cent increase in revenues from company mobile communications services, i.e. the company continuously upgrades its network to 5g-a and continuously optimizes its client experience; and i.e., the company promotes communications assistants, video bells, clouds, etc.
Upgrade to speed up the scale of new operations, such as quantum-secret messages, mobile phones and direct satellites. Networking and intelligent households earn $125.7 billion in services, an increase of 2.1 per cent over the same period.
\triangleright, Magawei, with revenue of $113.9 billion, 17.1% more than the same year, the "Zero" platform for integrated intelligence services, and
The depth of the large models of the deepseek-r1/v3 series is optimized, with access to 50 computing partners, bringing the total intelligence of ownership and access to 62elops; idc earns 33 billion yuan, an increase of 7.3 per cent over the same period; the racks reach 571,000 units, with 20 per cent of the high power racks and a utilization rate of over 80 per cent; and security revenues are achieved
Net revenue grew by 40.1 per cent over the year, an increase of 16.9 billion yuan, or 15.4 per cent over the same period, and a higher share of arithmetic capital expenditure and good cost control.
Performance growth driven by increased value added in mobile operations, with medium-term scores of $93.5 billion, a 5.4 per cent decline over the same period, of which the mobile network invested $29.9 billion, industry digitized investments
The sky-wing clouds have maintained high growth, and the share of red has increased even further: the net return profit has increased double-digitally over the same period, and continues to be strong.
Investment proposal: 25 years of revenue, profits, ebitda are expected to grow well. We expect \triangleright 5. Chinese Telecom (601728.sh) semi-annual report for 2023
Assessment: Arithmetic platform building continues to deepen, cloud computing and big models Research findings from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.