High rates of re-innovation and improvement in Māori rates Events: 27 April, company report for the first quarter of 2023, achieving business income Industrial wealth union (601138)
Corporate q1 harvests have been re-innovated and the Māori rate has risen significantly. \triangleright sales rate of 7.36% over the same period of history \triangleright sales +0.59pt, mainly due to the optimal structure of the company’s products and higher levels of Māori
In terms of net profit returns, the company achieved 3.128 billion yuan in the first quarter of the year, compared to 3.91 per cent, net interest rate of 2.95 per cent, a slight decline in the same year, mainly in subjects such as exchange rate fluctuations affecting the company’s financial costs, changes in fair value, etc.
HAN's electronics contacts are strong, and the company's fundamentals continue to be good. The company's products are well-placed, its clients are rich, and its development opportunities continue to be appreciated.chatgpt
As a calculator, a server is expected to double its growth over the next two years. As a server leader, the company has developed deep technology for many years, and its reasoning and training servers have made significant deliveries.
The company ' s product matrix is well developed, with arithmetical layout covering products such as cloud servers, high performance servers, ai servers, peripheral servers and cloud storage equipment, which have been used in chhatgpt, while the development and promotion of the i server and high-efficiency (hpc) products is accelerating.
In terms of household resources, corporate clients, including head-suppliers, both inside and outside the country, have a strong cooperative relationship and are expected to keep up with performance; communications operations continue to benefit from technology penetration, such as 5g, smart homes, and access to goods, and the industrial Internet industry.
In terms of communication, the development of the ai also catalyses demand for 5g, smart homes, etc. The public sector is doing well. At the same time, the company is one of the core suppliers of a customer, a customer structure that is expected to continue to be lightly quantified.
With regard to the industrial Internet, in the first quarter of 2023, the company Shenzhen Xiangcai succeeded in choosing the list of the world's “lighthouses” as the world's best gold in processing the “lighthouse” plant.
The project is progressing well, laying the foundation for corporate development.
Mox, Graduated from the University of Florida, United States of America, Master of Electronic Engineering, Guangjiang Securities Research, 2012-2022.
The study was directed towards semiconductor equipment, semiconductor materials, integrated circuit designs. In August, it entered the CSSG, and in November 2022 it joined the CSSG, which studied optical, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.