Summary of events: On 28 April 2023, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2023, with 23q1 operating income of $105.89 billion, an increase of 0.79 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of $3.13 billion, a decrease over the same period
Changes in product structure have led to higher profitability and a higher net profit on the impact of the elimination of exchange. 23q1 Māori ratio of 7.36%, an increase of 0.6 ptt over the same period, which we believe is mainly due to optimized product structure, the company has reduced the replacement ratio of brand servers and increased the ratio of white-plate servers, of which one has accelerated the use of servers.
Increased overall profitability; net interest rate of 2.95 per cent, a 0.15 per cent decrease in the year-on-year ratio, which we judge to be mainly due to exchange gains and losses, resulting in higher real net profits if excluded; net operating cash flows of $20.84 billion, an increase of 10,865 per cent over the same period; and asset-liability ratios due to improved corporate repayments and control capacity.
Performance is robust, and arithmetic demands are running down the equator. Cloud computing: with the chhatgpt generalai breakthrough triggering arithmetic demands, corporate cloud service operations are expected to grow.
Rapid growth, with corporate globalization having strong supply-chain advantages, is expected to benefit as a matter of priority. Twenty-two years of income, the share of cloud service providers’ products has increased to about 20%. Companies are making breakthroughs in modularized products with a new generation of advanced cooling technologies and solutions.
Network communications: Complementarity with cloud computing operations, increasing demand for network bandwidth as a result of arithmetic demands High performance and innovation in the red scale, acceleration of cloud computing operations upwards 2. Industrial wealth union (601138.sh) tri-quarter reporting point 2022
Rapid growth, with wireless network equipment deepening the organization ' s wwi-fi7 product layout; the company ' s continued in-depth layout of smart phones and high-precision agency lines, with the company leading the process of high-end cellular structures, will be evaluated in mid-2022 by the Industrial Wealth Federation (601138.sh):
Business performance is robust, and cloud computing and the industrial Internet continue to grow exponentially. Industrial Internet: 1.91 billion yuan in 22 years, a 13.5% increase in the same year.
4. The Industrial Wealth Federation (601138.sh) reported in the first quarter of 2022 achieved rapid growth in all three core sections of its operations.
Subtract operations in the core of innovative business such as smart manufacturing + industrial Internet, big data + robotics - 2022/04/30 point review: negative performance growth, horizontal expansion leading to second growth
Investment Recommendations: Keep in mind that companies benefit from the growth in global arithmetic demand to achieve high income growth, while looking forward to increased profitability from optimized product structure, scale effects and industrial Internet mitigation efficiency. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.