{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}Home Shin. {\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}Home Shin. {\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}Home Shin. {\bord0\shad0\shad0\alphaH3D}Scoffs.
Refrigerated components lead companies, and diversified operations are developing together. The Tripod is a global champion of refrigeration components, and for 30 years the company has been focusing on the production and development of hot, cold, and intelligently controlled environmental heat management core zero components. Based on the advantages of refrigeration technology, the company has expanded its reach, and its current operations include automobile air conditioning and automobile air conditioning.
Heat management, microchannel heaters, and dishwasher spare parts. Corporate business is diversified, but the main core technology is still refrigeration technology, which can be developed in synergy between the various operations of refrigeration technology.
Governments have successively put in place policies that clearly indicate that fuel cars are sold for limited time, and that future sales of new vehicles will start to grow at a high rate. And the heat management of traditional fuel cars, which have a single-car value of about $2,000 to $3,000, will allow for a single-car value of the new energy car heat management system.
The amount of $6,000 to $8,000 is three times the value of traditional automobiles, and the company is expected to continue to raise the value of its products with the advantage of a combination of products. The high quality of the customers of the zero product has now become a first-tier supplier of new energy drivers, such as Tesla, Volvo, Dai Müller, Biade, Gilly, and Amer, with existing new energy requirements.
Single operations will also be concentrated in 2020. As a Tesla supplier, the company’s profitability will be directly enhanced by the sale of domestic model3 and will continue to open up opportunities for corporate profitability as the process of nationalization of the Modely vehicle accelerates.
The company’s main valve cut-off, four-way valves, and electronic expansion valves were the world’s first with 35%, 66% and 58%, respectively. The three-flower microchannels, because of their unique advantages, had 45% of the city’s share, ranking among the world’s top performers.
With heat exchange efficiency increasing by more than 30%, volume reduction by 30% and weight reduction by 50%, no microchannel heater will be effectively replaced by copper tube aluminium wing heater, and company microchannel operations will benefit directly from the replacement rate.
Continued growth will lead to a further increase in the penetration rate of the electronic expansion valve, which is expected to generate three-fold revenue in 2021: an improvement in the q2 performance ring, a lower share of zero gas than of domestic dishwashers, and a potential for growth in the Avico business.
Electronics have been implemented and, since its inception, Avico has been engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of zero components of domestic electricity systems, such as dishwashers, washing machines, coffee machines, etc. The low level of Avico Maori is, however, accompanied by higher efficiency in the operation of Polish plants and the release of productive capacity in Chinese factories in Lake Thong, which is expected to save further labour costs and raise the Mäori rate.
There is currently a low prevalence of dishwashers in the country, but with the ageing population and the young generation’s quest for quality of life, the rate is expected to increase, and the Avico business has much room for growth.
(i) Thirty years of focus on refrigeration components, secure taps, and the company’s main business is refrigeration components and integration, and is the leading global firm in refrigeration components. For 30 years, the company has been operating in a joint venture, Triples and Crafts, Inc., which changed in 2001 as a whole to Tris, Inc., and was listed in 2005.
In 2011, the Aveco Group of Germany was acquired in the area of coffee machines, dishwashers, and washing machine products. In 2015, shares were issued to purchase 100% of the Hangzhou Tribune Hot-Trackers Limited, which allowed the company to produce its own heat-changer components for the refrigeration system. In 2017, it was incorporated into the auto parts business, and the company’s refrigeration system was further expanded to include the heat management system for new energy vehicles.
The company’s traditional refrigeration business has developed in tandem. Through multiple acquisitions and group restructuring, the company has developed together its refrigeration business, its steam zero business, its Avico business, and its microchannel business.
Zhang Yabo, Zhang Shao Bo and Zhang Shao Bo hold more than 50 per cent of the company's shares directly or indirectly through the Tripo-Governance Group Ltd. and the Tripo-Governance Green Energy Group Ltd. Of these, Zhang Yapo holds 1.81 per cent of the shares directly and 3po-GmbH-GmbH directly and 37 per cent of the company's shares directly from the company.
The stock-holding structure shows that the solar system has been completely withdrawn, but that the company has always retained the culture of its predecessor, its management style, and its strong client resources with many years of technological advantage, which has also laid the foundation for the company to move into the new energy heat management field. (ii) The business landscape is diversified, and profitability has continued to increase.
The company's main operations are four-fold: refrigeration, steam zero, Avico, and microchannel operations. Refrigeration and microchannel operations are mainly used in the areas of home air conditioning, commercial air conditioning, and gas zero operations are used mainly in the area of vehicle heat management systems, while Avico operations are used in the field.
In the areas of coffee machines, dishwashers, and washing machines, companies have a wide range of applications, benefiting from core refrigeration technologies, and creating synergies between operations. Refrigeration accounts for the highest share of company revenue and gross profits.
The share of revenue and gross profits was highest at 66.6 per cent and 68.4 per cent, respectively, while the product structure of the company continued to be optimized, with about 10 per cent for both the zero and microchannel operations, and more to flower, which would continue to bring new growth to the company. Corporate revenue grew steadily and profitability increased steadily over the last five years.
Billion dollars, 4.1 per cent over the same period, net profit of $1.42 billion, 9.9 per cent over the same period, remained stable at the level of the three remaining operations, except for the Avico operation, where the Māori rate increased to 20 per cent in 2019. And in 2019, the Māori rate of the zero-carbon business grew by 1.2 percentage points, showing the emerging effectiveness of the company ' s acquisition of the zero-carbon business, accompanied by the heating management of the vehicle fleet.
The business space opens, corporate profitability will be further enhanced. Second, the steam zero asset surge, and new energy heat management opens up the growth space (i) the three-flash and zero-heat management business is strongly aligned.
In 2017, the listed company sold its share of 3-squares at a price of $2.15 billion. Three-swat zeros focused on car air conditioning and heat management system components, and three-sweet infusion enabled the company to expand the application of the cooling units and to work with the company's main industry.
The new energy car heat management system has gradually been transformed into a three-channel zero new business growth point. The three-channel zero was established in 2004 and the early start-up company is mainly engaged in auto-air-conditioning heat-inflating valves and water receptacle products. These two products are core components of auto-air-conditioning, which are used respectively for auto-recording and cooler storage, filtering and drying of air-conditioning systems.
The Division has developed new products such as thermostats (tbv, used for cooling at the transformer), the electro-inflated valves (regulating both the range and the accuracy of the heat inflated valves), the automatic air conditioning controllers, and the presses. As the energy-saving needs of conventional and new energy vehicles have increased, the Division’s product lines have expanded further, with the development of battery coolers, coolers and coolers for the cooling of batteries, and oils for the cooling of power systems.
Refrigerators, electronic oil pumps, electronic pumps widely applied to air conditioning and heat management systems, electronic water valves, and cooling valves, separators, etc. applied to new energy vehicles Air-conditioning systems, with a gradual shift in operational focus towards new energy car heat management systems.
In recent years, revenue from the three-butter zero has been growing steadily, with a growth rate of $1.65 billion in 2019, an increase of 15.2 per cent compared to the previous year. It can be seen from the ratio of revenue to the three-breath zero. The transaction report shows that the three-breath zero valve sales in 2016 were 14.407 million, the global market.
The company’s traditional air-conditioning control components consist mainly of inflation valves, cryogenic valves, and controllers, with 63,03%. Traditional air-conditioning components, together with newly developed products such as electro-inflated valves, cryogenic valves, and volts, together account for 93.6% of the company’s revenues.
Aluminium alloys for air-conditioning components are used to reduce the net weight of individual products by almost two thirds over copper valves and the material by almost one-second, thereby reducing the weight of the whole vehicle, reducing fuel consumption, and providing good energy and material-saving performance that can be matched with air conditioning for new energy vehicles.
The heat management components provided by the company are more comprehensive than those provided by comparable companies, the company ' s auto parts products cover three major categories of components: valves, pumps, heat exchanges, etc. The heat management components that the company can provide are very comprehensive, and the new energy heat management components of comparable companies are currently not fully integrated.
The design requirements are higher than those for domestic commercial air-conditioning components, both of which are highly correlated and unique. The extensive product development experience of listed companies in the areas of home use and commercial air-conditioning can be applied to cars, and the accumulated technology patents can create synergies with the steam zero business.
The material is mainly aluminium, stainless steel, auto electronics, etc. The company has a stable partnership with upstream suppliers, and the cost of the original material is more stable. And the company, by virtue of its technological advantages and size, has a stronger bargaining power with upstream suppliers, and raw material prices can remain stable. And large commodities such as aluminium account for a relatively low share of the company’s procurement costs, at only 18%, and large businesses.
In comparison with companies listed in the same industry, the Māori rate for the zero business is 30.9%, and is well ahead of the Māori rate for the new energy heat management operations, which is significantly higher than that for the shares in Songi, the central shares, Otega, and the silver wheels. New projects are being put into production to ease bottlenecks in production.
The ratio is close to 100%, and the lack of capacity associated with the successive production of new products is an important factor limiting the size of companies. Third, the $1.32 billion package of financing that was injected into listed companies will be used entirely to build new capacity and to create new capacity through technological adaptations, thus continuing the insolvency bottlenecks. New capacity goes to pre-natal work, and companies still try to meet the demand for orders through temporary measures such as increased working hours.
When new capacity is available for use, compared to comparable companies in the same industry, three zeros will have sufficient capacity to cope with the increase in volume (ii) the quality of customer resources and the transition to full-scale suppliers at the factory level. Three zeros new energy heat management operations and multiple one-line cars in Europe and America work together. Three zeros self-developed cars use electronic expansion valves.
The company’s announcement shows that the company gets orders from new energy platforms like Volvo, BMW, Odys, psa, Jaguar, Lugger, etc. Domestically, the main customers are called, Gilly, Biadi, etc. And the company is also a major supplier of Tesla, which provides Teslamodel3 with electronic growth valves,
Electronic oil pumps, oil coolers, water coolers, electronic coolers, etc. And, with Teslamodedy’s nationalization, the company’s heat-pipes will also be expected to be matched with the model. The company’s new energy project orders are expected to be concentrated in 2020, and are expected to become a new growth point for the company’s performance.
The company’s customers are of better quality than comparable firms in the same industry. The main customers are the entire car factory and its first-tier suppliers, who maintain stable and long-term cooperation with large domestic and foreign customers.
(iii) From traditional to new energy sources, the increase in the value of the heat management system bicycles, the gradual increase in the energy efficiency requirements of traditional fuel cars and the increase in the demand for components of the heat management system. The thermal management systems of traditional fuel vehicles consist mainly of vehicle air conditioning and engine cooling systems, both of which are relatively independent.
The liquids are mainly used in car air-conditioning systems. But conventional car air-conditioning is heating inside the vehicle through engine-cycle residual heat. Fans and pumps are entirely engine-driven, which increases the burden on engine loads, makes engine performance poor and increases fuel consumption. So the need for car energy conservation is increasing, and so is the demand for car heat management systems.
The penetration of new products such as temperature valves, electronic pumps, electronic water valves and water coolers in auto heat management systems will also increase. Figure 12: Principles of auto air-conditioning systems; New energy car heat management systems are more complex than conventional fuel vehicles, creating new spare parts requirements.
Unlike auto heat management systems, air conditioners in new energy vehicles are more closely integrated with heat management systems. The new energy system consists mainly of air conditioning systems, battery heat management systems and electrical cooling systems. The components involved include control components (electronic expansion valves, water valves, etc.), heat replacement components (coolers, coolers, oil coolers, etc.) and drivers.
The battery heat management system is at the heart of the whole heat management system, and the trend will be to switch from a cold wind mode to a cold and straight mode. The new energy car heat management system is more complex, and the value of the vehicle will increase.
Valves, pumps, and new heat-added modules. And the liquid cooling mode of battery heat management is lower than the direct cooling cost and the cooling effect is better than the wind, so the liquid cooling mode is a trend towards the development of the battery heat management system.
To 6,000-8,000 dollars is three times the value of traditional cars. Assuming that 25 million vehicles will be sold in 2025, 25 per cent will be accessed by new energy vehicles, and 6.25 million will be sold domestically in 2025.
The market space will reach $37.5 billion. Three flowers are a different type of heat management system product, with a different number of bicycles, with a more than $1,000 worth of bicycles for overseas cars, and the largest amount of bicycles close to $5,000, which may be lower for domestic cars. The average one-car value is $3,000, 20% of which is estimated to be a three-channel zero for new domestic energy in 2025.
The revenue level of the auto heat management system will reach $4.37 billion, which, based on a 50 per cent domestic revenue ratio, will reach $8.75 billion in 2025. (iv) Accompaniment Tesla is entering the harvest period, and its performance is expected to grow rapidly.
Tesla's cooling technology leads, unlike the “distributed cooling” of other electric cars, where Tesla uses a “central cooling” technique. There are different places in electric cars that need cooling or heating, such as battery systems, electrical power control, power electrons, crew cabins, etc. The general vehicle company uses a “distributed cooling” approach, which uses different circuits to cool or heat different places.
Chevyboltev in Chevyland, for example, cools batteries, crew rooms, and electronics through three separate circuits. But Model3 has achieved a “central cooling” through supperbottle, a method that allows Tesla to combine a separate circuit with a component to control it.
Superbottle is a landmark innovation in the transition of traditional cooling fluid storage tanks to intelligent thermal management systems, and is the core of the Model3 cooling (heating) system. Model3 has two paths, the first is cooling a battery through a radiator, and the second is cooling an electronic device through a radiator. In the first path, cooling.
When the fluid absorbs heat from the battery, it is pumped into the coolant storage by the electronic pump, during which the cooler plays a cooling role, and then the cooler returns to the battery bag to cool it again under the electronic water pump, so that the ring movement achieves continued cooling of the battery. Similarly, in the second path, the coolant is removed from the electronic device, the unit (package) is driven.
When the heat is absorbed in the electrical pump, it is pumped into the coolant tank, during which the radiator cools the cooling fluids, the cooling fluids cool down and then returns to cooling the electronics in the electronics pump, so that the loop can cool the electronics and drive units. And the mode3 is cooled through the supperbottle.
Unified control of cooling circuits has been achieved. The advantages of supperbottle are: (a) integrated design has been adopted to facilitate modular design and save space; (b) the weight of components associated with the shell of the supperbottle integrated component has been reduced; and (c) the cost of assembly has been reduced and the time and time of assembly reduced.
The model introduced the heat pump system, and the supperbottle control was clearly inadequate, so the octovalve (eight valves) was born. The supperbottle is a combination of all cooling circuits, and the octovalve is a combination of all cooling and heating circuits.
Parts, such as electric motors, batteries, electrical electronics or other systems requiring heat regulation. There are also eight rectangular slots on the current board, corresponding to eight rectangular slots in octovalve, which consist of 11 parts and have 21 ports.
The switchboard corresponds to an aluminium alloyed refrigerant distribution board, which combines a sink board with a refrigerant distribution board, and completes the cooling and heat circuits of the entire modely. The combination allows for the integration of other heat pump system components, which eventually result in a heat pump system in Modely, which, thanks to the ocotvalve, Modely's heat pump system, has a large suitcase.
Small. The advantages of the heat pump system are: (a) efficiency improvements in heat management and reduced energy consumption, thereby increasing the mileage; and (b) benefits from high integration, reducing pipe design, saving space, and reducing costs. According to the Gestapo Automobile Information Network, the Modely eight valve heat pump system was developed jointly by Sanhua and Tesla, which shows that the company has developed a new technology for energy heat management products.
Thermopump system raises the vehicle value. The core components of the heat pump air conditioning are four-way valves, compressors, electro-inflated valves, heat replacements, etc., which are more complex than conventional air conditioning systems, require more valves, and have a larger single-car value. It is estimated that the three-flower heat management component has a unit value of $1,500 for the model3 package, while the single-car value for the modery package is as high as it can be.
Tesla's sales were higher than expected, with production projected for 2020 at 700,000 and 500,000, respectively. 2020q1-2 tasla sales amounted to 17,91,000, or +13%. The combined delivery of Model3 and Modedy amounted to 15,63,000, or +21%. Modely began to take the lead in the United States market in March and will be an important incremental model for 2020.
Accompanied to the harvest period, technological pre-eminence has developed and high performance is expected. Figure 22: Tesla's annual sales (millions)
(i) Refrigerator control units are the world’s first major factor with a steady global market share and have always been a leader in the industry. From the company’s annual report of 2019, 66.5% of the company’s revenue comes from its refrigeration operations. The main products of its refrigeration operations include the applications for branch air conditioning.
The cut-off valves, the four-way valves for cold-temperature air-conditioning, and the electronic expansion valves for the key components of the variable air-conditioning are high at about 35%, 66%, and 58%, respectively, and market leadership is strong. At the same time, companies are keeping pace with developments in the air-conditioning industry, building on existing domestic air-conditioning, refrigerators, commercial air-conditioning, refrigeration, etc., and extending into areas such as frequency-control technologies.
The company has a high level of Māori as compared to the industry. The company’s refrigeration operations are more mature and now have a scale effect, so it has a higher Māori rate in the company’s four major operations.
The Māori rate is high. The Māori rate for the company ' s refrigeration business was 30% in 2019, compared with the Māori rate for the guilder ' s refrigeration business, which was 10%, and the company had a higher profitability at the same level of revenue. And because the company ' s other business is at the core of refrigeration technology, the higher Māori level for the company ' s refrigeration business would also have positive spillover effects on the company ' s other business.
The company’s high Māori rate is derived from the cost advantage of high unit prices and the size of its capacity. The share of high value added products (e.g. electronic expansion valves) is rising, with average unit prices higher than those of comparable corporate shields.
Technology has a clear pre-emptive advantage, with the industry leading at the ppm quality level. The company has a technological advantage in refrigeration. The company is a high-technology firm identified by the Ministry of Science and Technology and the High-Tech Industry Development Centre for the Torch Programme for 2003, which led the process of certification of the Iso9001 quality system, the qs9000 quality system and the Iso14001 environmental protection system.
The company’s products have been certified in a number of products, such as cqc, cce, tüv, ul, vde, etc., and have been highly recognized by its clients. The company’s product at the ppm level has been maintained at around 50, with only 50 of the 1 million products of poor quality, low at the ppm level.
Figure 28: Companies at the ppm level. Companies insist on developing innovative technology routes on their own, with greater investment in research and development, focusing on upgrading core technologies. In 2019, the DSD spent $530 million, 1.4 times more on R & D. The company has now been patented at home and abroad, benefiting from significant R & D inputs.
The number of patented technologies ahead of the industry gives companies a clear technological pre-eminence, and the company’s products are well received by well-known firms, both domestically and internationally. Clients are well-structured, and they are associated with well-known air-conditioning companies at the international level.
There are long-term and stable supply links between Mitsubishi, Dakin, Sharp, Toshiba, Hilki, Fuston, Sun and Haile, Grigori, Rainbow, American, Haishin, and other internationally-known air-conditioning manufacturers. Compared to Shield, the company’s clients are highly foreign-dominated and have a higher bargaining power.
While foreign firms are more divisional and less vertically managed than domestic firms, firms have a relatively high bargaining power. While home-sourced companies are more powerful, some can produce their own refrigeration components.
So companies have less bargaining power than home-sourced electricity firms. High foreign clients make companies more bargaining power than shields. (ii) Micro-channel penetration is low, future replacement space is large, micro-channel business is growing rapidly, and performance commitments are over-achieving.
Three microchannels have been designed, manufactured, and sold since their inception in 2006. The company’s microchannel products include, inter alia, microcreators, microchannel evaporations, microchannel heat pumps, and microchannel water.
Box heater. The advantage of three-flower microchannels for heater products is that one, three-flower microchannels can be used on evaporates, while most other companies can only use the condensers; two, average corporate microchannels can only be flat-plated, while three-flower microchannels can bend into shapes. Three-flower microchannels have always been at the top of the market because of their unique technological advantages.
Figure 32 Microchannel operations, main product, microchannel evaporation, microchannel condenser
Microchannel heat pump heater, microchannel water tank heater, pari
Microchannel operations have exceeded their performance commitments. Three greens promised, three microchannels were closed from 2015 to 2017, 2 microchannels met energy-saving environmental requirements, technical difficulties remained in the short term, and replacement rates were expected to increase steadily in the long term.
The 3-channel transaction report and the company ' s investor relations log sheet dated 14 February 2017. Microchannel heat exchangers are based on aluminium, which can increase heat exchange efficiency by more than 30 per cent compared to the traditional copper caps, reducing volume by 30 per cent, weight reduction by 50 per cent, refrigerant recharge by 30 per cent, and use of 100 per cent aluminium for recovery and heat exchange efficiency.
Microchannels, which use aluminium to lower the cost of materials, are more expensive to process. Second, these big, greasy, beautiful companies have their own copper tube production lines, so replace them with small ones.
Third, microchannels are more susceptible to corrosion than flap heat exchangers; fourth, other brands of microchannel heat changers have problems with surface condensation of water on evaporaters. This may have led to slower penetration.
The world's total market for heat exchange is about $50 billion, with the European Union and the United States of America accounting for about $20 billion, or nearly 40 per cent of the global market for heat exchangers. Global sales of microchannel heat exchange in 2019 were $3.464 billion, or 1.14 per cent more.
Gradual stabilization, mainly linked to developments in downstream air conditioners, heat pumps, refrigeration, etc. (iii) new energy efficiency targets implemented, increased penetration of electro-inflated valves implemented on 1 July of the year, the original first-level variant to second-level energy efficiency, which was to be phased out at the first and third levels of frequency.
New energy efficiency requires that electronic expansion valves be used on second-tier air conditioners, and e-inflation valve sales will accelerate over the next three years. According to industrial online data, in 2019, about 6.016 million e-inflation valves were eliminated, with an e-inflation valve penetration rate of 39%, and we expect an e-inflation valve penetration rate of 60% in 2021, a national sales volume of 90 million and a corporate e-inflation valve sales rate of 90 million.
There is a low prevalence of dishwashers in the country, and there is still potential for growth in the Aveko business (i) Aweco clients are of good quality and are expected to increase their profitability.
It is proposed that the German electric appliances in Aveko be acquired through its subsidiary German trimester for up to Euro55.5 million, and that they be consolidated in February 2013. Aveko has been working in the development, manufacture and sale of parts and components of domestic electricity systems, such as dishwashers, washing machines, coffee machines, etc., since its inception for over 50 years.
Avico's clients are of excellent quality. Avico has long been viewed by home-based consumers as the first supplier of dishwasher components. And the customers are internationally recognized brands, including bsh, Haile, Samsung, Philip, and so on.
Avico's profitability is expected to improve. Business income has been increasing since the Avico Business Co-operations, until 2017. But its net profit level has been low, and its Māori level has remained at around 15% in recent years, significantly behind the Māori rate of about 30% in the other three major industries.
The European market, with its supply chain heavily concentrated in Europe, has high production costs, such as raw materials, and a weaker level of corporate profitability. The Māori rate improved to 20% in 2019, but net profits remain negative because of higher fixed costs.
A step-by-step transfer of part of Austria’s operations to production bases in Poland and China, and the move of Shanghai’s factory to Lake Shao, where Poland and Lake Hu are now important production bases for the Yaweko operation. So, along with the increased efficiency of the Polish plant’s operations and the gradual release of the capacity of the Lake Koko plant, the profitability of Yaweko is expected to increase.
(ii) The domestic market for dishwashers has greater potential, the domestic market for dishwashers still has more scope for upgrading, and the Avico operation will benefit directly from an increase in domestic dishwasher penetration, which has not reached 3 per cent in all the provinces of the country, and is projected to be only around 1 per cent overall, compared to the developed countries of Europe and the United States.
There is a large gap between 50% and 70% of households. The market for dishwashers is in the early stages of development in China, with the ageing of the population, the gradual increase in labour costs, and the young generation’s quest for quality of life, the prospect of a dishwasher in China’s market is very promising, and the profitability of Aviko will benefit directly from the development of the market for dishwashers in the country.
V. Profit forecasts and investment proposals (i) are comparable to corporate financial comparisons, because the company ' s business includes both domestic and new energy car heat management components, so we've chosen the shield environment and well-being.
The Sheng shares are comparable companies for household power, with silver wheel shares and Ortega for new-energy car heat management. According to the latest data for 2019, the size of the three-players’ collection is larger than that of other comparable companies, and the rate of growth has slowed in recent years, but remains high in comparable companies.
In terms of profitability, Māori and net interest rates remain relatively high. And the company keeps Avico’s workforce high.
The plant moved to Poland, the Shanghai factory in China moved to Lake Shao, labour costs, etc., and the Māori rate and net interest rate for the Avico business will increase gradually. So there is still room for raising the overall Māori rate and net interest rate, which is controlled by the tripolises. Figure 47: Comparable Māori rates for companies
In terms of three fees, the three cost-effective rates are at a lower level than those of comparable companies, showing better cost-control capabilities. In terms of net asset yields, the company ' s roe in the last few years has been higher than that of other companies, and there has been a decline in the last three quarters of 2019, but this has been accompanied by a gradual deployment of new energy car heat management and an increase in the profitability of Avico ' s operations.
In terms of net cash flows from operating activities, the cash flow from operating activities is sufficient, with the exception of the first quarter of 2018, at all points of time a positive net cash flow has been maintained and the level of flows is higher than that of other comparable companies.
Camp capacity has been maintained at good levels. 1) Steam zero operations: 2.21 million vehicles sold globally for new energy in 2019, an increase of 9.9 per cent over the same period, accompanied by policies by Governments that clearly indicate the time spent on fuel trucks, and companies' new energy order operations will gather in 2020
2) Refrigeration operations: A new energy efficiency target for air conditioners will be implemented on 1 July 2020, and sales of UF air conditioners are expected to continue to increase.
4) Avico operations: As the penetration rate of dishwashers increases in our country, the company will benefit directly from the company's operations in Avico. Moreover, Poland, improved efficiency in the operation of factories in Turkey, and the release of the capacity of the Chinese factory in Luang Lake, labour costs of the Avico operations, the matching company's shield environment, Consumption shares, Silver Wheels shares, respectively, for the refrigeration industry and the car spare parts in Cortexra.
We believe that the company ' s refrigeration business is robust, the auto parts business (including the new energy vehicle) is full of orders, that it is in Tesla, 1 and the new energy heat management business is not growing as expected, that Tesla is not selling as much as expected; that if the new energy vehicle sales are not growing as expected, the customers of the company ' s heat management products are not expanding as expected, and that the major customer Tesla is selling less as expected, and that the zero-breath business will grow less than anticipated.
2. The air-conditioning industry is not warming as expected: if the real estate cycle is warming later than expected, the volume of air-conditioning sales will increase less than expected, and companies will increase their cold operations less rapidly than expected.3 The risk of higher prices for raw materials is that the prices of raw materials such as copper and aluminium are at risk and may squeeze firm levels of Maori.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data