In 2023, the harvest guidelines continued with high growth, pecvd, coatings, and visible openings for medium- and long-term growth.
Keywords: #Import Substitution#New Products, New Technologies, New Clients Events: Companies issue 2023 business performance forecasts.  Cleaning equipment, ecp plating, full release of piped equipment, driving high performance growth in 2023.
According to the acr presentation: 1) Cleaning equipment: 2022q3 achieves revenues of about $100 million, compared to the same amount
• The official roll-out of pecvd, lacquer equipment, and the increase in product coverage has more than doubled. The Bureau has more than doubled the market size of the company’s product coverage.
86 and 3 billion dollars. In December 2022, the company officially launched an ultrapmax pecvd device with its own intellectual property and is expected to deliver its first pecvd device to an integrated circuit customer in China in a few weeks. 2) Painting equipment: gartner data, 2022
The equipment market will be $3.7 billion in size. In December 2022, the company officially launched the 12 inch glued videotrack, the first of which was ultralith, which was due to launch the i-line model in 2023, and started to develop the krf model.
“Shanghai, China” (688082): “The rapid expansion of overseas markets and the accelerated globalization of the world” in 2022.
The company has been able to break through its customers abroad, and the expansion of its markets has further opened up opportunities for growth. 1) Cleaning equipment: in October 2021, the company received a demo order from the world’s leading semiconductor manufacturer, ultracsaps, for cleaning equipment in the front lane. In addition, in December 2021, the company came from a major country in the United States.
Two ultracsapsv orders for 12 cavity piece cleaning equipment were obtained by the international semiconductor manufacturer, "Shanghai, Semmo (688082): all will be installed at the client's U.S. plant in mid-2022. " 2) ecp plating equipment: Accompanied in October 2021
Performance rating: Quick release of new products, demo orders from a leading semiconductor manufacturer in the continent, industrialization of overseas markets, rapid advance.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain 2022, given the company’s adequacy of hand orders
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board