CTGR Group (600905 CH)
Sound business operation; rising depreciation
BUY (Maintain)
drags on earnings
Target Price
RMB6.24
CTGR Group announced its 1H23 results, with in-line business operation but
(Previous TP
RMB6.79)
operating cost missing expectations. CTGR achieved revenue of RMB13.70bn, up
Up/Downside
26%
by 12.98% YoY. Attributable NP was RMB4.52bn, dropped by 10.10% YoY. Although
Current Price
RMB4.95
CTGR reported solid operation in electricity generation and slightly beat on-grid tariff,
the increase in costs and operating expenses (under updated accounting standards)
led to a drop in earnings. We believe CTGR will grow rapidly since its abundant
China Energy
projects under construction are about to operate in 2H23 and following years, and
Megan Xia, CESGA
lower new energy upstream costs will lead to higher IRR of the projects. We
adjusted our TP to RMB6.24 and maintained a BUY rating.
Robust operational performance drives 1H23 revenue growth; rising
Stock Data
operating costs erode overall earnings. In 1H23, CTGR's revenue was up by
12.98% YoY due to resilient power generation growth. Attributable NP dropped by
10% YoY. Its operating cash flow rose 21.79% YoY. CTGR's revenue rose while
attributable NP slipped due to: 1) 14.55% YoY rise in on-grid power generation; 2)
slightly beat on-grid tariff for wind/solar power of RMB0.496/0.506 /kWh; 3) 34.67%
YoY increase in operating costs thanks to higher depreciation under accounting
standard change (the depreciation of project operation costs accrue as the units
enter operation in 2023 after a trial run in 2022) and higher management fee; and
1.6% YoY rise in management expenses, while investment earnings descended
Source: HKEx
by RMB0.27bn.
CTGR has abundant projects in construction and approved, with expected
promising growth. In 1H23, CTGR recorded a newly-added new energy installed
capacity of approximately 1.8GW (0.84/0.65GW of wind/solar power). Moreover,
CTGR recorded an approved and filed project capacity of 5.5 GW, and the planned
Source: FactSet
installed capacity of projects under construction totalled 13.2 GW. With the projects
12-mth Price Performance
gradually commencing by 2H23 and next year, CTGR's installed capacity of new
energy is expected to speed up. Meanwhile, CTGR's IRR of newly-added power
Source: FactSet
plant projects will potentially climb due to lower upstream costs, benefiting CTGR's
earnings.
We adjusted our TP to RMB6.24, maintained BUY. Considering accounting
standard adjustment, we slightly raised our estimated operating cost to
RMB12,219/14,344/16,371mn in FY23-25E, and adjusted attributable NP to
RMB8,932/10,534/12,956mn in FY23-25E. However, we maintained our key
assumptions unchanged and stayed optimistic about CTGR thanks to its solid
growth of power generation and steady on-grid tariff, and several projects are about
to start operation. Thus, we raised our target FY23E PE from18x to 20x (close to
3-year hist. avg.PE of 19x) for its sound business outlook, and we adjusted our TP
to RMB6.24. Maintain BUY.
(HK$/share)
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
(HK$/share)
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIGM does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which
is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their
dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate
particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment
decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and
reliable. CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM
provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue
other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships
with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this
report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.