行 全
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Midea Group (000333 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Outperformer during sector turnaround
Target Price
RMB86.57
(Previous TP
RMB72.80)
Up/Downside
+20.7%
2Q20 was highly resilient for Midea and we are more positive on 2H20E given a
Current Price
RMB71.70
less promotional environment and strong export orders outlook. Therefore, we
maintain BUY and lifted TP to RMB 86.57, based on 20x FY21E P/E (up from 17x
FY20E), vs China/ Int'l peers' avg. of 22x/ 18x.
China Home Appliance Sector
1H20E results slight beat. Midea sales/ net profit att. declined by 10%/ 8%
Walter Woo
YoY to RMB 136.1bn/ 13.9bn in 1H20, above BBG's est. by 2%/ 9%. We
attributed the beat to better-than-expected exports and cost control in 2Q20.
3.9ppt reduction of GP margin to 25.6% in 1H20 was due to: 1) change in
accounting standard and 2) relocating of installation fees to COGS (from
selling expenses). GP margin would have fallen by only 1ppt after adjustments.
Stock Data
■ Rapid turnaround in 2Q20, where A.C. and fridge outperformed. Midea
resumed a 3% YoY sale growth in 2Q20, from 23% drop in 1Q20. A healthy
pick up in domestic and resilient overseas was also seen in 2Q20, where sales
growth for both A.C./ fridge accelerated to 8%/ 15% in 2Q20 (vs -10%/ 3% in
1Q20) and sales decline for washing machines/ small appliances also
narrowed to 8%/5% in 2Q20 (vs -15%/ -10% in 1Q20).
A better domestic as price war reverses with decent weather. We reckon
that ASP for A.C. had been climbing since Apr 2020 as Midea and Haier
changed their focus from market shares to profitability (push for premium)
while Gree is still being held back by its high channel inventory. Moreover,
thanks to: 1) exceptionally hot weather during summer, 2) introduction of new
Source: Company's annual report, Bloomberg
energy-saving standard and 3) flexibly inventory level (powered by the
efficient T+3 model), we believe ASP is likely to trend up from 2H20E onwards.
Share Performance
Overseas to bottom out with an at least stable GP margin. According to
the management, overseas sales growth rebounded to 15% YoY in Jul-Aug
2020, much better than guidance of 0% growth in FY20E. Also, we believe
more premium product sales and easing of raw material costs can more than
Source: Bloomberg
offset CNY appreciation and driving an at least stable GP margin in 2H20E.
19-mth Price Performance
Guiding for a flattish sales/ NP att. growth in FY20E. We find this target
reasonable as Midea is effectively gaining shares in both the recovering
domestic and overseas markets, while the only let down is KUKA, as various
clients are still conservative or reluctant to spend capex in near term.
Maintain BUY but raised TP to RMB 86.57 (21% upside). We reiterate BUY
because of: 1) industry leading sales and inventory management, and 2)
sector turnaround and potential re-rating. We fine-tuned FY20E/ 21E/ 22E NP
by 1%/ 1%/ 2% to factor in better export and weaker KUKA. Our new TP is
based on 20x FY21E P/E (up from 17x FY20E). The counter now trades at
Source: Bloomberg
17x 21E P/E (vs China peers' avg. of 22x) or 1.9x PEG (vs China peers' 2.1x).
Auditor: PricewaterhouseCoopers
Related Reports
1. Midea Group (000333 CH, BUY) :
China recovery to outweigh overseas
Midea Group (000333 CH, BUY) :
Consistent outperformance by great
3. Midea Group (000333 CH, BUY) :
Prudent sales and rosy margin for
Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Results Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Assumptions
Valuation
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security
or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers
or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.