The EU has been approved, the country is in the first place to be reviewed, the Swe is unshakeable.
On July 14th, the company announced that its subsidiary, Shanghai Heung Swe Pharmaceuticals Ltd., had received separate receipts in recent days.
In addition, in the 21st priority review list of the July 11 cfda announcement, Heng Swe's place was listed in a written notice issued by the United Kingdom, Germany and the Netherlands Drug Enforcement Authority to approve the company's listing application for fluoro-alkanes for inhalation in various countries.
Fluoranes, inhaled land-based HFCs were all included in the priority review, with ground-based HFCs being clinical (cxhl1401444) and inhaled land-based HFCs being produced (cyhs1401639) for the same production line, listed in the EU in 2017.
The EU has been approved and the pattern of competition is excellent, and it is expected that the US and China will be approved for residential and outpatient treatment of adult, infant, and child surgical patients for maintenance anesthesia.
Pharmaceuticals have been marketed with excellent patterns. The fluoroalkane commodity is called "suprane," and the U.S. company Bacht, which was first approved for sale by the U.S. fda in 1992, is now on the market in several countries and regions, including the European Union, South America, Taiwan, Japan, South Korea, and China's food medicine.
The Directorate-General for the Supervision of Goods has also approved its domestic listing.1 The Annual Review of Heung Swe Medicines (600276): Tumours, Terrestrial Fluoranes are the focus of the 17-18 Heung Swe recommended in our previous formulation export report
Dmf was obtained on September 23, 2014, based on time 2, The Heung Swe Incident Review: Dossy.
He was approved, and in 2017 or in 2017, the species was added to the 21st priority review, and the Chinese region is expected to accelerate its listing.
Exporting and re-recruitment of new recruits, with some surprises from the national model of priority review; Review of the Heung Swe (600276) incident: Accompanied
Oncolvs soluble adenoma virus with exclusive permission, looking forward to the future and the future of Eastern financial booms, figure 1: Domestic sample hospitals selling and increasing the speed of hydrofluorocarbons.
Figure 2: The sale of hydrofluorocarbon-based pombo terminals (wac, US$ 1 million per month)
The European Union has just been approved for a national priority review. Ammonium sulfonic acid was added to the 15th priority review on February 7 in the United States and April 13 in the United States. Recently, the same production line species in Europe and the United States were added to the priority review to support the anti-breeding logic.
Competition patterns and market space are good, and these varieties are expected to be sold for $120 million. (Table 1) 3.8 varieties give priority to the evaluation of absolute domestic dominance, recapitulating the diversity and continuing to see a lot.
A monthly breakthrough was achieved through the Priority Review Channel, the first model to be approved by Hsing Swe, which in the next priority review team included a right-wing metomic nostril spray for hydrochloric acid, a sulfadine liver sodium injection fluid, alumina injection fluid, april sterol injection, a projectile fluid, injection with purple sapol (teprotein combination), 19k (sulphur non-curtain injection fluid), and an ammonium sulfonic acid sulfonic acid injection fluid (for the same reason).
Production of a production line, listed in the U.S., for domestic listing of generics, the basics of the ground fluorine (just entering) and the point of view are shown in table 2, for the future, the source of the financial and intellectual boom in the East, Henish Medicine (600276), the EU approval of the ground fluorine, the country's entry priority review, and the unshakeable status of the Henster master.
In the priority review, we focus on 19k, and Heung Swe is expected to rely on its strong marketing system, relying on a long-term alternative to short-lived effects. In a few years, 19k will be made into one billion or even 1.5-20 billion large varieties. There will also be the injection of purple filamentol (the combination of proteins), which is a source of financial growth in the East.
Global sales revenue is close to US$ 1 billion, about US$ 300 million in 2015, but is growing faster, with the potential to become a billion yuan class. Clinical approvals are now available, and it is expected to be accelerated through a priority review.
The company’s revenue side is expected to grow at about 20% at a fixed level. In addition, 2017 is expected to be the year of the Henryanda outbreak, while multiple products are expected to benefit from a high-priority review to accelerate their listing.
Heung Swe Medicine (600276): The EU has been approved, the country is in the first place to be reviewed, Heung Suk is unshakeable, the source of the East's financial and intellectual flourishing.
Zhang Kim Yung, head of the pharmaceutical bio-industry team, three years of portfolio research experience, three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. First team leader, first list in 2016, and second non-public list in 2016. Seventh core member of the new wealth team in 2015, third team in 2015
Core member: Master of Pharmacology, Beijing University; Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University; Bachelor of Economics, Beijing University; and Master of Science, Kings Business School, three years old. Served in the China Galaxy Securities Company Ltd., Min Seong Securities Company Ltd., Xi An Youngsen Pharmaceuticals Company Ltd., July 2016.
An analysis of your research views. Any part of your remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.