The heavy weight of the innovating trio de loniii data is declared production, fast into the top priority for evaluation.
Heung-swee Pharmacy (600276)
On 26 September, the twenty-third batch of the cfda announcement was to be included in the list of medicines for the priority review process, and the listing application for the Chinchry pharmaceutical martini was "obviously clinically valuable and highly specialized" (cxhs1700012, cxhs1700013, cxhs1700014).
ii. Data declaration for production and rapid entry into the priority review process exceeding expectations. Pyrotinib is a 1.1 class of small molecule Her2/egfr irreversible inhibitor, developed autonomously by Heng Swe, used for the treatment of the human skin factor receptors.
According to the company ' s 2016 report, research and development is progressing on the domestic ii and U.S. i clinical phases. A number of clinical studies have been carried out in Pythonite, which show that Pythonite is safe and tolerant.
Based on the results of the cde query, the Cde application was accepted on August 24, 2017. Production is reported directly from the ii period of clinical data (in the country).
There has been a precedent for reporting production results directly using phase ii results, i.e. Sidabentamine of microcore organisms.ii Data declarations are rare in the country and are included in the priority reviews for only one month.
1 In Heung Swe Medicines (600276), 2017: The China List, the Valetini Declaration is over-predicted, reflects the strong power of the innovative drug pipeline and the strong performance of the cfda, and enhances research and development on innovative drugs.
The company's clinical and other adaptive problems are steady, and it's getting ahead of it in 2017-08-29. We're guessing that it's probably going through a priority review route in 2018.
2- The Heung Swe (600276) Incident Review: Dyfluramid was approved for listing as yet another large, pound of innovative medicine with a stick in Apadaloni, with a peak elimination of EU approval, domestic entry priority review, and Heung Swe's main territory.
Sales are expected to reach 3 billion (see detailed analysis below).
In the first year of the World's War, the world's largest drug industry has seen the rise of the world's largest drug industry, and the rise of the world's largest drug production in the world, the rise of the world's largest drug industry.
Two-year revenue outbreak 2017-02-19. Source of Eastern financial and intellectual boom. Hen Swe Medicine (600276).
2. Once placed on the market, it is expected to become a 3 billion-grade heavy-pound species, which is used to treat late or transient breast cancer overexploitation of human skinline receptors (2 erbb2). Breast cancer is still the most common cancer in the female population. According to the American Institute of Oncology, breast cancer will account for all new tumours in women (about a quarter of the cases, the death rate is second only to the mortality rate).
Lung cancer ranks second in female tumours. Her2 is a membrane surface receptor closely related to tumours, whose high expression is closely related to the adverse prognosis of breast cancer patients, with nearly one quarter of breast cancer patients being her 2 positive, with lower prognosis and a higher degree of malignancy.
Figure 1: Annual incidence of breast cancer and deaths
Figure 3: The progress of the Draconian Clinical Trials.
Her 2-positive tumours were all adapted as her2/egfr irreversible inhibitor, with breast cancer entering three stages, non-small cell lung, gland cancer in two stages and stomach cancer in one phase.
Her2 indicates the positive effect of the non-progressive survival period for sexually transmitted breast cancer (pfs). Compares Orr (objective mitigation rate), dor (no progress survival period), cbr (clinical benefit response rate) and os (total survival period) of the United Calpetian Unit and the Labot Consortium.
TYPE: Parallel Cluster (Type group: Puccalaureate + Capitatian, Control group: Capitatian) Clinical Study on Non-Small Cell lung Cancer II: The purpose is to assess the efficacy and safety of diagnoses in the late stage of her2 mutagenic non-small cell lung cancer. It conducts a single arm (uncomposed single-group)ii clinical study.
The results of a study on breast cancer showed that 41.7 per cent of the most common negative effects were diarrhoea, 8.3 per cent nausea, 8.3 per cent rash and 8.3 per cent oral ulcer.
The results show that the safeness of the drug is well controlled. At 80 mg-400 mg, the objective mitigation rate after the two cycles was 47.2%, and the no progress survival period was 80.6%, with two of the same products currently on the foreign market, egfr/erbb2 inhibitors, with the names of tykerb (lapatoni sulfonic acid) and tykerb, respectively.
The tykerb, which was developed by GlaxoSchul, was first approved by fda in March 2007 as the first listed egfr/erbb2 inhibitor, with a 250 mg specification, which was imported domestically. Girotrif, which was developed by Buringer Ligham, was first approved by Diffa in July 2013 with 20 mg, 30 mg and 40 mg specifications.
Table 2: An overview of the products of the same kind in Puerto del Niño The market size shows that breast cancer is expected to be more than 2 billion and that several adaptive conditions are expected to total more than 3 billion. Adaptive one: her2 positive breast cancer. The average annual incidence of breast cancer in the country is 520,000, 25% of which is her2 positive and benzene sulfonic acid.
The average annual consumption of Rapadaloni is about 127,000, assuming that the annual cost of drug use is similar to that of Rapadaloni, and that if the penetration rate is 15%, the annual sale of Capadeni in the area of breast cancer is expected to be around 2.4 billion. Adaptive II: hbr2 positive stomach cancer. Gastrointestinal cancer is one of the most common malignant tumours in the digestive tract.
Japan and the Republic of Korea. In 15 years, we have the second highest rate of stomach cancer morbidity and mortality since the third jump in 12 years, with a total of 400,000 cases detected each year, accounting for 42 per cent of the world ' s population; more than two thirds of all deaths, accounting for about 300,000 deaths. Her 2 positives accounted for 12-13 per cent of them. If the penetration rate reaches 10 per cent, the annual sales of Dictoni in the field of stomach cancer are expected to be around 600 million.
The eight species of Heung Swe are on a priority review list, and the top eight of them are on a priority review list. The first of the high-quality varieties, Karpofin, was approved in January 2017 through the Priority Review Corridor, which was the first sample to be approved through the priority review.
In the follow-up review team, Heung Swe has a right-wing methomic nostril spray for hydrochloric acid, a sulfonic liver to sodium injection fluid, a platinum injection fluid, a radioactive fluid, an ammonium injection with purple filamentol (teprotein combination type) and sulfonic acid (for the same production line, produced in the United States of America, the source of financial prosperity in the East)
See table 2 for an overview of the priority review varieties in HUNS.
East's financial and intellectual boom, Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Heavy pounds of innovation to declare data production in the Quantico del Niño period, fast into a high-priority review, where we're focusing on this entry of Quantico, with a peak sales of 3 billion, and another pound after Apateni.
Innovation. Also of interest is the injection of purple supremol (the protein combination), which has a global sales income of close to $1 billion, with a domestic standard of around $300 million in 2015, but with a faster growth rate and potential to become a 1 billion yuan class. Clinical batches are now available, and it is hoped that the high-profile and high-priority reviews will lead to a high-profile, high-priority review by the Caltini, which will continue to exceed expectations.
The power of the ammonium in the curry and the net, newly introduced capophones in the country are expected to grow at about 20% at the end of the company's income. Beyond that, 2017 is expected to be the year of the Henryanda outbreak, while several varieties are expected to benefit from a higher-priority review. We look forward to the company's long-term growth, the growth of overseas operations is lower than expected, and the risks of innovative drug development are at stake.
Heung Swe Medicine (600276).
1st team leader, Zhang Jinyang, 7th team core member for new wealth in 2015, and 3rd team core member for crystal ball in 2015. B.A. Pharmacology, Beijing University, B.A. in Pharmacology, Beijing University, B.A. in Economics, and Kings Business College, three years old.
Research. With the multiplicity of pharmaceutical + economy, industry + capital, multi-year industrial experience in capital work has given it a deeper and more contextual understanding of the functioning of the pharmaceutical industry, with more in-depth research and unique insights into the industry as a whole.
There are investment opportunities, such as internationalization. Research with a Ph.D.-level logical perspective + ground-based research + hard work, especially on chemicals, medicine internationalization – in-depth research and unique insights.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.