Heung Swe medicine (600276.sh) Mainly growing varieties, research and development supporting long-term performance Heung Swe medicine has seen a rapid increase in earnings in the first half of the year.
Income profits are growing rapidly, and performance meets expectations. Heung Swe’s medical records for the first half of 2017, the length of the reporting period, and a two-quarter round rise in performance are in line with the Division’s achievement of operating income of $6,344 million (RMB, lower), an increase of 20.18 per cent in the same year, attributable to net shareholder profits.
Imports kept growing rapidly; 21.63 per cent of overseas approvals were marketed, resulting in a net profit of $762 million, an increase of 20.89 per cent over the previous quarter, and an increase over the previous quarter. Companies reported an increase in varieties and the formation of a ladder for the export of preparations.
The cumulative investment in R & D over the period was $780 million, a significant increase of 60% over the same period, and we think it's the company's R & D portfolio, and we're looking at the company's innovation drug landscape, matching it up. Moreover, the company's M & A rate of 86.58% in the first half of the year was almost the same; three cost rates were the same.
Existing varieties are growing strongly, and preparations are being exported as a ladder. In the first half of the year, the company, driven by innovations such as Apadeni, sold and sold steadily. (i) Oncology plates: Apadalini, a core variety, was negotiated for inclusion in the national health-care catalogue during the reporting period, and its use in surgical anesthesia was increased step by step. The company’s right-hand United States market was more than 90%, and will be expanded along with the market.
CHANG continues to raise sales. (ii) Shape plate: new marketed varieties such as poppy iodide oil under the flag, platinum platinum platinum with faster sales, which is expected to grow by more than 30 per cent over the 17-year period. (iv) Formulation exports: sales of cyclophosphate have increased steadily, with Bloomberg data showing a 6 per cent increase in overseas sales of cyclophosphate in the first half of 17 years (charts).
1) Heptafluoroane was marketed in the United States at the end of 15th year, and sales revenue from overseas is gradually being reflected; in addition, products such as the new sulfon sulfon sulfonic ammonium injection fluid and the injection of acetic carpofine are being marketed in Europe, and will soon be released, supporting a long-term increase in corporate R & D costs during the reporting period (figure 3).
In the first half of the year, the company received 17 clinical batches, 2 production batches, and more than 90 domestic and foreign patent applications. The company currently has a number of heavy-pound products in the process of listing, among which are proteins, platinum platinum, thiomersinol, and sulfur non-gestational drugs (19k) that are broadly adapted to oncological products and that will be marketed once approved.
Pd-1 is now the latest iii clinical treatment for non-small-cell lung cancer, the first innovation in the company to declare the results of the ii clinic under the New Deal, and the adaptation of multiple types of cancer, including breast cancer, dietary cancer, and liver cancer, is expected to be more than 10 billion.
In addition, eight publicly declared varieties, such as the company ' s sulfa liver to sodium, were added to the cfda priority review list (figure 4), and multiple varieties, such as shr-1316 injection fluids, were allowed to be clinically administered overseas. We believe that the company ' s research and development strategy has always focused on its own niche areas and large clinical varieties, and that it has developed tubes in conjunction with the upgrading of clinical needs and the company ' s products and channels.
The company’s long-term performance can be supported by a rich stock of wires, which are of high clinical value and sticky end-to-end for mainstream varieties in areas such as Xiaoyi Zhao, and the company’s coverage of medical institutions.
In addition, the speed with which new drug approvals are approved in the country is expected to increase significantly faster, supporting the company ' s long-term performance. We expect the company ' s net profits to grow at different rates in 2017/2018.
Figure 1: Corporate sales of cyclophosphate abroad (sandoz agent) Figure 3: Corporate R & D inputs as a share of income The Heng Swe Medicines (600276.sh) is a large, more powerful pharmaceutical company in the country, with significant advantages in the fields of R & D, production, marketing, etc.
Heung Swe Medicine (600276.sh): Financial statements
Room 1701, 17th floor, New Year's Square, 181 Queens Avenue, Upper Ring.