The company's performance is in line with expectations, increasing R & D efforts to improve the competitiveness of the company's product lines.
The growth of corporate performance is underpinned by three main aspects, a steady growth of 1.217h1 performance and a steady rise in profitability.
Figure 1: Company operating income and net profit from parentage 1. Heung Swe (600276) incident point: Cape Fenn was approved in the United Kingdom.
1) Corporate research and development innovations are constantly performing. Companies have been investing a lot of money in research and development, selling the end-of-the-art drugs represented by Apadeni, and selling data that are excellent and that further strengthens the firm's commitment to research and development.
Apadeni has been on the market for two or three years, with its mature network of shop sales and the excellent efficacy of medicines, increasing its sales rapidly and gradually becoming an important guarantee of company performance. According to the pdb terminal data, the sample hospital Apadeni sales in 2017 amounted to $32.23 million, an increase of 192.9 per cent. At the same time, Apadeni negotiated access to the health insurance catalogue and negotiated the cost of health insurance.
On 8 August, the 13 provinces of the country now publish an implementation plan for the new health-care catalogue, and it is clear from existing policies that medicines entering the health-care catalogue will have an advantage in hospital sales. The five provinces of Qinghai, Shanxi, Hainan, Jilin, and Hubei have clearly stated that successful varieties not negotiated with the Ministry of Human Welfare will not be included in the updated list.
Innovative drugs are on the market to further raise the level of Māori on the company’s product line, and to strengthen the competitive power of the product line. The company’s net Māori ratio has increased its contribution to overseas operations, and market space has increased significantly.
In the first half of 2017, the company continued to step up its internationalization strategy and actively expand its overseas market. For generics, products such as brimonium sulfomide ammonium injection, injection of acetic carpofine are allowed to be marketed overseas.
The company had just been approved for domestic production in January, and the foreign market and regulatory authorities had recognized that it would increase its domestic competitiveness. The market sales for Merk’s original drugs in 2015 were about $534 million, of which domestic sales were about $75.15 million, and the market space was large. Moreover, the sale of products such as phosphorous for export preparations was growing steadily.
The project’s planned registration declaration; other emerging markets, such as Russia, South America, the Middle East, and so on, are gradually increasing their registration. Recently, the Dositada, declared by HUNRI to fda, was finally approved, signalling that HUNI is qualified to sell the product at the United States market, which will have a positive impact on the company’s expansion of the United States market.
In terms of internationalization of innovative drugs, products such as shr-1316, shr-a1403, shr9146, shr8554 are allowed to conduct clinical trials overseas.
As companies press ahead with their internationalization strategy, overseas operations have become public growth points, and through innovative drugs abroad and international cooperation, more high-quality varieties of drugs have been introduced, leading to a two-way mechanism for the export of domestic varieties and the introduction of overseas varieties, so as to be effective and to consolidate the continuing growth logic of domestic industry leaders plus the opening of new overseas frontiers.
The company started with oncological drugs, which accounted for 43% of the total income in 2016, and a unique situation with anticancer drugs has been gradually changing over the years.
According to sample hospital data, the company's right-hand metomic drug, which is more than Dositas, is the highest-selling product in the sample hospital, along with mythological drugs such as ammonium sulfonium, iodine folol, iodine gsalol, and cinematography.
2. Enhance R & D to enrich the corporate product pipeline and enhance competitiveness at home and abroad. 782 million yuan was invested in R & D in the first half of 2017, representing an increase of 59.92 per cent, which strongly supports corporate project R & D.
There are currently 24 innovative medicines in clinical development, with a total of 70 new applications submitted in the country for submission. A total of 9 clinical kits for innovative medicines, 8 clinical batches for generic pharmaceuticals, 2 batches for generic pharmaceutical preparations, and the completion of experiments on bio-equivalency in eight products provide the basis for evaluation of drug consistency.
The company's little molecule, btk inhibitor, shr 1459, has recently received a cfda clinical trial batch and will be running an i-clinical trial in the near future, with the only global listed btk inhibitor, ibrutinib, obtained a U.S. fda in 2013.
Approved, for treatment of b-cell lymphoma, with $2.1 billion in global sales and large market space in 2016. The company will also be conducting a I/ii clinical trial for beverage single anti-injection fluids and a ii clinical trial for injection of beryllium beryllium with beryllium sulfonic acid, with approximately $70.35 million in Chinese market sales in 2016, and will be patented by China.
Expired in 2018, the global market sold about $5.9 billion in 2016, an increase of 0.45% over the same period. Rima zirconan is a short-acting gaba-a receptor agonizer developed by Paionag, which is an ultra-facilative tranquillizer that combines the safety of mida sulfon with the effectiveness of isopropol, which is used as an anaesthetic for surgical anesthesia, and is less toxic than benzene.
As a result, Rimakulon is expected to gradually replace the existing anesthetic products and become a large variety of sales of more than $400 million. At present, only Heung Sil has been working with Human Fook on Rimakulun Clinical Research, which was approved by Chang Man Fook in June 2015, at a later rate than the company’s two years.
So we maintain the “buy-in” rating. Corporate bidding for pharmaceuticals is below expectations; approval of medicines is less advanced than expected; research and development pipelines are less advanced than expected; preparations are exported.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board