Henry Medicine (600276) The EU has been approved for listing and the pace of preparations for export has accelerated at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Incident: The company subsidiary, Shanghai Heung Swe Medicines Ltd., has recently received written notification from the United Kingdom, Germany, and the Netherlands Drug Enforcement Authority, respectively, approving the company’s listing application for inhalation of ground-based HFCs in various countries. The global competition for ground-based HFCs is well organized and is expected to become the next cyclophosphate.
Yoo Ning (suprane) was approved for sale in 1992 by the U.S. fda.
The future pattern of competition in the U.S. market is similar to that in the U.S. and the EU (Germany, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands).
The company’s line of anaesthetic products will be effectively supplemented by a national priority review. The hydrofluorocarbon applies to the maintenance of anaesthesia at all ages, in all parts and in disease surgery, with clinical advantages such as prompt awakening, rapid ingestion and washing, high-quality recovery from anaesthesia, and low rates of internal metabolism.
With the advantage of applying for a priority review for domestic declarations for the same range of production lines, it has succeeded in entering the recent 21st priority review list to accelerate the pace of domestic listing; the country currently has only a hundred exclusive imports for sale, with a market sales value of about $60 million in 2016, and the company is expected to become the country's best model and enrich its line of narcotic products.
• The speed with which preparations are exported has increased, and the number of approved varieties in Europe and the United States has gradually increased. Currently, the lines for the export of corporate formulations have been constantly expanded and the speed with which they have been approved has increased significantly. Since 2017, the number of new varieties of ammonium in the United States has increased to eight in the United States: in Europe in 2017.
The market has been approved for net and heptafluorophene. Over the next two years, the company will have five to eight varieties approved in the European and American markets, the formulation export situation will be opened up, and a number of competitive patterns such as cyclophosphate will be approved in the future for a good heavy weight export of generic pharmaceutical varieties to enhance the company’s international competitiveness.
In dollar, the equivalent is 44 times, 35 times, and 27 times. We are firmly convinced of the company's future leadership in the domestic pharmaceutical industry, and the constant strength of the strong has gradually been highlighted. In recent years, there have been a number of heavy-pound varieties to be approved.
The priority review is expected to be approved in the first instance (2017-06-26) of Heung Swe Medicine (600276): performance meets expectations and no compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, not as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.