Inhalation of ground-based HFCs has been approved overseas and exports of preparations have been steadily advancing.
Inhalation of HFCs in the United States of America and China is expected to be marketed in the future. Inhalation of HFCs in the United States applies to inpatient and outpatient adults, infants and children with surgery.
The mechanism for the anaesthesia of hydrofluorocarbons is not yet fully defined, and there are reports that the income structure (2016) increases the role of fluoroalkanes in gabaa receptor induction and the use of perforated potassium.
The active role of the ion channel family's tresk. In China and the United States, on enquiry, in addition to the original research company U.S.B. Brent's product, the landless HFC-based pharmaceutical product was approved for sale in a good manner.
In addition to being approved for listing in the United Kingdom, Germany, and the Netherlands, HUNS-based HFCs have been reported to the United States (andanda208234) and the Netherlands (admissible number cyhs1401639) for the last six months in comparison with the depth of 300 indexes.
City applications, which are currently under review for listing in the United States, and domestic listing applications, which have received a priority review, are expected to be marketed in the United States and China in the future.
The export of preparations has become a new profit growth point for the company, with the company earning $432 million abroad in 2016, an increase of 21.47 per cent compared to the previous year, heptafluoroane receiving a fda approval, and sales of products such as cyclophosphorus ammonium and Dositas increasing steadily. In 2017, the company Aquiku ammonium and Dosita were playing in the company.
The U.S. has been approved for listing, and Capofin has been approved for listing in the UK and Germany. This time, HFCs have been approved for listing in the UK, Germany, and the Netherlands.
In addition, in the context of the internationalization of innovative medicines, companies licensed the overseas rights of pd-1 anti-protest projects to Inc. incyte, United States; and the I phase clinical trial in the United States of America was well received by Dr. Diène.
The company established a subsidiary in the United States that specializes in the introduction of overseas projects. In 2016, the company introduced the cancer adenoma virus product from the Japanese company ncolvsbiopharma, supplementing the company ' s oncological immune product line and enhancing the company ' s anti-cancer field.
The company is one of the largest research and production bases for anti-cancer medicines, surgical drugs, and film-making agents in the country. The company’s products have been better organized, including anti-cancer and hand.
The market share in the field of techno-anesthesia, cinematography, etc. is among the highest in the industry. The technological innovation capabilities of companies are among the highest in the country, and research and development teams are well established, with R & D centres and clinical medicine in the cities of Lien Yunport, Shanghai, Chengdu and the United States.
Innovative drugs are being developed, and the company's innovation drugs Ereshabou and Apadaloni have been marketed, and there are a number of innovations that are being developed clinically.
Clinicalally, every 2-3 years, there is a positive development in the listing of innovative medicines. Apadeni enters the national health-care negotiation list for future release periods; k19 enters the Quality First Review Channel, which is expected to accelerate listing; pd-1 mono-resistance, iii of products such as a, a, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , )
Clinical trials are also advancing steadily. Companies, leading domestic innovation drug companies, are now in the harvest of innovation drug research and development.
It's the leading enterprise in the country for the development and production of innovative medicines, and the research and development of innovative medicines is in the harvest, and the export of agents becomes a new profit growth point for the company, and we look forward to the future development of the company and give it to the geese.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.