Arpadini's new entry into the National Health Insurance, which will either accelerate or accelerate the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incidents: The company has recently issued a public announcement on the new entry of the main product, Apadalnica, into the National Health Insurance List, in accordance with the circular of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security on the inclusion of 36 medicines in the national catalogue of essential health insurance, industrial injury insurance and maternity insurance medicines, Category B.
• Apadeni successfully entered the negotiating list, where the advantages of stomach cancer adaptive are evident. According to the final negotiating list, the Apa substitute health care payment standard is $136 (250 mg/sift), $185.5 (375 mg/sifle) and 204.15 (425/g/scits), representing an average decrease of about 37% compared to the original sale price, which is significantly less than the import target for anti-cancer tumours.
Drugs. At present, the number of target drugs for treatment of stomach cancer worldwide is low, with H. Sertin, Ramucirumb, Apateni, among others, on the market. In recent years, many well-known drug companies have conducted multiple ii clinical trials for treatment of the target of stomach cancer, and as a result, most of the varieties end up in ii.
The result is negative; we believe that because of the heterogeneity of stomach cancer, the lower sensitivity to chemotherapy and target-to-drugs is a tumor that is highly demanding for individualized treatments, that there is a clear advantage for the future market of the drug to be marketed, and that there is a desire to be a long-term target-to-treatment variety for stomach cancer.
At present, Apadeni has been given the following: late stomach cancers or stomach-tuberculosis cancers that have progressed or resumed after at least two systematic chemotherapy treatments, i.e. three-line treatments for late stomach cancers. In addition to stomach cancers, companies are actively expanding the species.
His neoplasm adaptations, including liver, lung, dietary, breast cancer, etc., are clinically iii. Part of them will be added to the Apadaloni adaptation and further expand its market space.
Calculating that, without considering the use of trans-adaptation, the Apadaloni market space is about 13.5 billion yuan, with a penetration rate of about 7.4 per cent in 2016; after a 37 per cent reduction, the Apadaloni domestic market space is still as high as 8.5 billion yuan. We believe that when Apadaloni enters the National Health Care Directory, the market penetration rate will increase rapidly and is expected to reach 30 per cent.
High, peak sales may reach $2.5 billion; in view of the new approved adaptive conditions in the future, it is expected that Apadeni’s future market sales will exceed $3 billion by 2020. The equivalent is 45 times, 35 times, and 27 times.
The dominant position in the industry, and the persistent strong effects of the strong, have gradually been highlighted, with a number of heavy-pound varieties pending approval in recent years, 1.Hingre Medicines (600276): the EU has been approved for HFCs and the pace of manufacture exports has increased (2017-07-17)
2. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Preference Review, with the prospect of first approval (2017-06-26) The difficulty of treating stomach cancer and the low number of targeted drugs for treatment
Stomach cancer is the most common malignant tumor in the world, and in 2015, a statistical report published by the authoritative American journal cacancerjclin showed that there were more than 950,000 new cases of stomach cancer worldwide in 2012, after lung cancer, breast cancer, rectum cancer and prostate cancer, among which the highest in East Asia; and about 730,000 deaths, after lung cancer and liver cancer.
In 2012, Chen Wanqing was the second largest tumour after lung cancer; the death rate of 22.04 per 100,000 was slightly lower than liver cancer and ranked third in the country ' s 2012 cancer incidence and death rate.
To date, there are no uniform first-line treatment programmes for late-stage stomach cancer, mainly based on the physical characteristics of each patient. The combined chemistic therapy for fluorourinary platinum is the mainstream first-line therapy programme, and the national integrated cancer network (ncccn) of the United States of America has developed a first-line treatment programme for late-stage stomach cancer.
Joint chemotherapy is the only type of treatment available to patients with better physical strength; the common guide developed by the European Society of Osmosis Medicine (ESMO) is the combination of fluorourinary platinum and trichodium, which is still controversial: the domestic treatment guidelines are relatively comprehensive, with single, two or three based on the patient's physical strength.
Table 1: Treatment programmes for late stomach cancer in different regions High heterogeneity of stomach cancer, low sensitivity to chemotherapy drugs, poor prognosis, and high demand for individualized treatments. Currently, there are fewer targeted treatments for stomach cancer globally, with Hercetine and Hessetine on the market.
Hersettine treats her 2-positive stomach cancers as the first line of treatment for her 2-positive stomach cancer; Ramuccirumb and Apateni are vegfr-2 inhibitors, and the approval of two drugs fully illustrates the role of the vegfr-2 target in the treatment of the gastric cancer target.
In recent years, several well-known drug companies have conducted several clinical studies on the treatment of gastrointestinal cancer targets, some of which have been marketed in mature varieties (e.g. Belva beads, Sittosques, etc.). The results of these clinical studies have been analysed for the targeting of stomach cancer.
The treatment of stomach cancer is not ideal, indicating that treatment of stomach cancer is indeed difficult, and that there is a large advantage and potential in the field of treatment of stomach cancer for the species that are already on the market. 2 companies’ first innovative target is directed to treatment drugs, and adaptation needs to be expanded across the board.
The Apadoni sulfonic acid (Aitan) is a new form of oral molecular anti-vascular inhibitor, mainly through a highly selective suppression of the activity of the intravascular growth factor-2 (vegfr-2), and the transmission of signals following the association of the intravascular growth factor (vegf) with its receptors, which strongly inhibits oncological growth and acts as an anti-cancer.
On October 17, 2014, Apateni was approved as the country ' s 1.1-type new drug for treatment of late-stage stomach cancer or stomach cancer, three-line and more than three-line dietary cogeneration cancer, the company ' s second approved 1.1-type innovative drug after Ere Schebbles, and the company ' s first approved anti-recommendant.
In addition to stomach cancer, the department is actively expanding the range of neoplasmal adaptive disorders, including liver and lung cancer.
As many as 83 clinical studies, including companies and research institutes, have been registered on Apadaloni, covering a variety of tumours, with terminal liver and lung cancers at clinical stage.3 Access to the health insurance catalogue will facilitate rapid market exposure
This round of health-care negotiations resulted in a significant reduction in anti-cancer targets to drugs, with Apateni negotiating a price reduction of about 37 per cent, one of the smallest types of anti-cancer targets to treat drugs, far below the imported target to drugs, with more than 40 per cent drops in imported targets to drugs, and 65 per cent in tune with the curvature sheet, which is the most expensive anti-cancer target to drugs in the round.
Apateni's new health care catalogue will contribute to a rapid release in the future, especially in the area of stomach cancer adaptive disorders. Apateniben's turn down is a three-line treatment for late stomach cancer, with an estimated 420,000 new cases of stomach cancer per year in the country, and about 50% of the first detections are already late. As a result, there are about 210,000 new Apateni patients per year.
In 2016, Apadeni sold about $1 billion, regardless of trans-adaptive use, with a stomach cancer penetration rate of about 7%. In our view, Apadeni's stomach cancer penetration rate is about 7%.
After entering the NHS catalogue, market penetration will increase rapidly to over 30% and peak sales will reach 2.5 billion yuan; given the new approved adaptive conditions in the future, it is expected that the Apadaloni market will reach over 3 billion yuan by 2020. Double, 27 times. We are firmly convinced of the company’s future role as a leader in the country’s pharmaceutical industry, and the strong’s persistent effects will be highlighted.
Sales of traditional generics are subject to lower than anticipated bids, less affected by re-negotiations; sales of innovative medicines are less affected by negotiated reductions in health insurance catalogues; and progress in the approval of research and development varieties is less than expected.No one has ever received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.