Heung Swe Pharmaceuticals (600276) Super-pound Caldone reported production, and the listing is expected to be ahead of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Incident: On August 24, the company's cfda pharmaceutical centre, with a cxhs1700012, cxhs1700013, cxhs1700014, was publicly seized by the company's cfda production centre.
The first declaration was made in May 2011 and the first clinical release was granted in May 2012, and the species is now clinically in the lycium phase, with a late-transferable breast cancer. On 24 August 2017, according to the latest data from the Drug Centre (cde), the declared production (nda) was accepted (accepted as admissible).
cxhs1700012, cxhs1700013, cxhs1700014. If the variety is approved successfully, or will be the company's third innovative drug; we think it is highly likely that it will be marketed before 2018h1 and that it will have excellent clinical results, or will be approved with clinical data for the ii period.
The clinical effect of Ni is significantly better than that of Rapalyni (pfs: 35 weeks vs 27 weeks). From the point of registration, neither the period of registration nor the period of clinical trials in 2016 and beyond is currently possible; therefore, we judge that the clinical data used by the company to report births are likely to be the “Mary Acid Caldini” registered in June 2015.
A 1/11 Clinical Study for the Treatment of her2 Positive and Transferred Breast Cancer in Capayani, a joint Kappeata, will be approved as the first innovation in the company's history, the second in the country to be approved with clinical data, and the institutional innovation will be approved for an in-country innovation drug review.
• Breaking through with breast cancer adaptation, later expanding to multi-cancer adaptation, with huge market space. Caldone, focusing on breast cancer adaptation, will be extended to treatment for stomach and lung cancer in the future. Based on breast cancer, stomach and stomach in the country.
The incidence of cancer is estimated at 300,000 new breast cancers and 470,000 new stomach cancers per year, with an additional 154,000 new tritinis per year, based on 20 per cent of the high rate of expression of breast cancer and stomach cancer; it is assumed that the domestic market for breast cancer and stomach cancer is over-represented by the cost of use in La Pateni (approximately $80,000 per year).
Twelve billion dollars, plus other neoplasm adaptation expectations, such as lung cancer, the future market space for Pyridone is huge, peaking, the industry's leading position, the persistent effects of the strong are becoming increasingly apparent, and there are a number of heavy-pound varieties to be approved in recent years.
2. Henry Medicine (600276): Dyfluoride EU marketed and the pace of preparations exported increased (2017-07-17) 3. Henish Medicine (600276): LbP type of purple filament
Priority review, expected to lead to approval of Hin Swe medicine (600276): 19k priority review, 1 breast cancer - the first “killer” in women's health
Breast cancer is the leading case of cancer in women and the first “killer” in women's health. At the beginning of 2017, the National Cancer Centre, Hertje, Professor Chen Wanqing and others published "Cancerincionandmortalityinchin 2013: an an analysisbasedonurbanizelevel " , which analysed the incidence of malignant tumours in China in 2013.
The incidence of breast cancer in China, which stood at 41.7 per 100,000 women in 2013, continues to rise. The treatment for breast cancer is significantly better than for other malignant tumours, with mortality far lower than for other tumours; in 2013, the mortality rate for female breast cancer in China was 10.1 per 100,000 women, well below the mortality rate for female lung cancer of 305 per 100,000 women, and only the mortality rate for female tumours was higher than for females.
Figure 2: The top five cancer mortality rates among women in China in 2013 (1.10 million) 2 breast cancer treatments - heavy-pound targets to drugs, higher heterogeneity of breast cancer and non-monopolistic diseases. With the rapid development of molecular biology, breast cancer is a molecular target.
There is an increasing emphasis on diagnosis and treatment of objects and their respective molecular patterns. The clinical focus is on three types of breast cancer molecular markers: estrogen receptors (estrogenreceptor, er), yellow ketamine receptors (progesteronereceptor, pr) and human surface growth factors (2her-2), which have developed different treatment strategies.
Currently, the target treatment for breast cancer is primarily her2 target, which is about 20-30% of the total number of breast cancer patients. Her2 diagnosis is used to determine whether the patient is her2 or not.
Currently, several pharmaceutical companies have developed multiple target-to-drugs for breast cancer, most of which are targeted at her2 and are used to treat her2 positive expressions. Rhode Pharmaceuticals is her2-positive milk, with Hersettine and others.
The strongest drug in the field of gland cancer treatment, with Rhodes' three anti-her2 global sales amounting to $9.6 billion in 2016, and Papposini's listing, which brought her 2 negative breast cancer treatments to the age of the target.
3.1 Exceeding expectations, with fewer global competitions. Giantini was first declared by the company in May 2011 and first approved for clinical approval in May 2012, and the species is now in iii clinical phase with late-transformation breast cancer. 24 August 2017, according to the drug trial.
The latest data from the heart (cde) show that the declared production (nda) of this species has been accepted (case Nos. cxhs1700012, cxhs1700013, cxhs1700014) if it is approved successfully, or if it will be the company’s third innovative drug.Pyrotinib is a oral, irreversible, pan-erbb receptor amino acid hormone inhibitor (tki).
At present, there are gsk Lapateni and Puma, the same global range as the porcelain target, which is adapted to similar conditions, and gsk, which was approved by gsk in 2007 for maintenance after her 2-positive breast cancer was treated in Hessettine standard.
Ni and Rapateni are closer, and the compound properties of the drug are more similar to those of the drug itself, so we think that Dani is a heavy-pound innovative drug with a combined effect between Rapatoni and Linatoni. 3.2 Clinical data are excellent and are likely to be approved with ii clinical data.
According to the company's previous disclosure of an analysis of clinical data for the lysium period, the treatment of her 2 positive advanced period at the lycée kappetian was 35.4 weeks for breast cancer and the early release of clinical data for Rapadeni was about 27 weeks, and it was evident that the clinical effect of the lycéni was evident because of Rapadeni.
According to the cfda website ' s Clinical Information Registration Platform, there were nine registered clinical trials at the time of registration, which lasted from February 2014 to June 2017. Given the length of time it took for a clinical patient to enter the group, neither the hysteria nor the hysteria trials registered in 2016 and beyond are currently complete; therefore, we sentence.
The clinical data reported by the company are likely to be registered in June 2015 for the "I/ii clinical study for the treatment of her2-positive breast cancer in the Palapaetani joint kappetian" (Clinical Test Registration No. ctr20150279). If approved successfully, Porqueni will be the first in the company's history and the second in the country.
ii. Innovative varieties for which clinical data were approved (the first is Sidabentamine, approved in December 2014) will provide valuable lessons for institutional innovation and reform in the country ' s innovative drug review process.
Based on the clinical registration information of Valdeni, breast cancer is the most registered and most advanced adaptive condition in clinical trials, so breast cancer will be the first to be approved. At the same time, the company is actively involved in clinical trials of lung and stomach cancer of this species, and we believe that the company will use breast cancer as the starting point for the diarrhea of Vale and will gradually expand into the future.
Lung cancer, stomach cancer, etc., have a higher egfr and her2 expression rate of tumours. 3.3 Breaking through breast cancer, the market space is huge.
High expression rates will add 154,000 new patients per year; assuming that the market space for breast and stomach cancer in the country is more than $12 billion per year (about $80,000 per year) based on the cost of use in Rapatoni, and that other tumour-resilient scenarios, such as lung cancer, are expected to increase the market space for the future, with a peak sales forecast of over $3 billion, which is expected to contribute $1 billion.
We firmly value the company’s future leadership in the domestic pharmaceutical industry, and the strong’s persistent effect is becoming increasingly apparent, with $61, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Sales of traditional generics are lower than expected by bidding, with re-negotiating effects; and sales of innovative medicines are covered by the health insurance catalogue.
No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly from specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.