Chiu Xudong is the leader of the company, and the competition is better than that of his colleagues.
In the area of domestic economic couriers, companies are in the forefront of the industry in the areas of product services, digitalization, a share price (2024/5/24)
In January-April 2024, the city held a leading position. The current rate of volume growth in the express delivery sector is considerable, and although price competition is still strong, companies are priced better than they are. We look forward to a robust growth in corporate performance, and we give them “buy-in” investment advice.
In January-April 2024, Express Revenue grew by almost 20%, with the city holding the lead.
The cumulative income achieved was $18.480 billion, yoy+19.2 per cent, with a sharper rate of increase and Shin-Ning leading the delivery of 7.72 billion copies of company couriers in January-April, yoy+24.6 per cent, with municipalities accounting for 15.2 per cent, a decline of 1.5 pcts compared to the previous year, but companies had a more symmetrical share and Shin-Nin led by 1.7 and 2.8 pcts, respectively.
The demand for the express delivery sector is still considerable, and the prices of the company are better. The consumer penetration rate on the line is higher, with the electricity market increasing (11.1%) > at zero speed (4.10%) and the express delivery business still growing. The main contradictions in the current industry are concentrated at the price end, but there has been a division of price trends within the bus system.
The price of the monthly and cumulative billings dropped to around $2.15, while the company ((39) per piece) had already gotten a bit stymied, Shin Tung pulled a certain distance, and the decline in the company ' s ratio (-4.3%) was significantly lower than that of the company (15.9%), and the offer (12.3%).
The standard of lubricant is also relatively low, so we think that companies are better priced and competitively superior than they are. Moreover, the March Express Market Management Scheme and the April new edition of Express Services were implemented successively.
The pipeline partially eases the pressure on price competition, but it also highlights the importance of the quality of express delivery to the right to price. On the one hand, companies introduce high-end products that meet the demand for consumer-assigned, demand-as-you-go services, and, on the other hand, continue to build a digital lead, relying on technology.
Progress suggests a “buy-in” investment, given the company’s low valuation.
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd., and is based on the investment of the Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be duplicated or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The Associated Company may use or recommend any action prior to receipt of this report or based on the information or research in the report. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees are not liable for any loss or loss resulting from the use of this report.
. This report ... was not used to sell or induce customers to trade in the certificate referred to in the report.