Quarterway (600233.sh): Single ticket profit 30 April 2024: company annual and quarterly reports, company revenue of 57.680 billion in 2023, an increase of 7.7 per cent from the same year.
The circular delivery is an integrated international supply chain of 3.72 billion dollars per year for courier logistics, science and technology, aviation, and homecoming net profit.
By the end of 2023, two 23q4 market shares had increased slightly and the 24q1 share had remained stable: the company achieved business volume of $21.20 billion in 2023. Listed companies, the entire network owned over 5100 branches and uniforms.
There are more than 80,000 outlets and terminals, including 6,190 million and 5.57 billion items in the last quarter and first quarter of this year, respectively. The network of services has been implemented in 133 market shares and more than 450,000 employees.
The market share of the country’s 31 provinces (districts, municipalities) is 15.0% of the total stock of municipalities above the county level, which is the same as that of 23q1.
Price competition has been strong, but the net profit of single votes has not fluctuated much: in the second half of 23 years, competition in industry prices increased, leading to greater market competitiveness and excellent cost controls, and the net profit of companies on single votes has not declined significantly. There has been a marked decline in the cost of single tickets and transit: 23 years of companies showing stronger cost-control capabilities.
The core transport costs and transit costs have decreased significantly. The transport costs for single tickets have decreased by 14.5% from 22 years of total equity/remittance (millions of shares) to 0.13 dollars/vote, compared to 14.5% in the same year; the operating costs for single-vote centres have decreased by 5.3% to 5.3% in the same year.
The company also spent $379 million on stock buy-backs over 23 years. We believe that the rapid increase in dividends and stock buy-backs reflect the importance that the company attaches to shareholder returns. The net cash flow of the company's operations is abundant, capital expenditure is already high, free cash flows are expected to continue to rise, so we think that the company's future share is much larger.
Although the industry is in a more intense price war, we believe that there is limited scope for its continued increase in intensity. Once the price war has subsided, there will be a stronger upward elasticity in profits against a low single-count profit base.
Companies have effectively upgraded their client experience through a digital transition in the industry, gained a service premium, and were expected to move away from the vortex of the industry’s costs. We look forward to the company’s long-term development, maintaining the firm’s “strength, Eastern wealth and prosperity”
Circular Express (600233.sh): The single ticket is profitable and costs are constantly optimized.
Circular Express (60023.sh): The single ticket is profitable and the cost continues to be optimized.
A Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, eight years of experience in investment research, was employed in 2015-2018 at the Open Securities Development Researcher’s own research view. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, circular express (600233.sh): The single ticket is profitable and cost is continuously optimized, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice it contains will not change. We have tried to report on the content objectively and fairly, but the points and conclusions in the text are clear.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.