Shares are stable, falling steadily, and profits are growing steadily in the express master industry.
Revenue of 57,680 million yuan, an increase of 7.7 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return to the mother of 3.72 billion yuan, a decrease of 5.0 per cent over the same period; corporate operating income of 15.43 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2024, an increase of 19.5 per cent over the same period, with a stable share in the run-off industry.
In 2023, the company completed 2,120.4 million items, an increase of 21.3 per cent in the same year, the unit value of the excess express service fell by 6.7 per cent to $2.41 in the same year, and the revenue from the express service was relatively small in the same volume.
In 2023, there was a decline in revenues from the company's freight forwarding operations and aviation operations.
In 2023, the cost of a single ticket, the cost of a single ticket, the cost of a single ticket, the cost of a single ticket, the cost of a single ticket, the cost of a single ticket, and the cost of a single ticket.
The operating costs of the trans-shipment centre were $1.28, 0.46 and 0.29, respectively, down by the same year, and the investment development of the Shanghai circular dragon increased by 5.15 per cent by the same year, and the cost of a single ticket for a company was further reduced by the same year in the first quarter of 2024.
Express services achieved net return of $994 million, an increase of 11.87 per cent compared with the previous year, and electricity suppliers outpaced market expectations at the beginning of 2024, with a largely stable share of the company and a smaller decline in single-count revenue. Companies will continue to grow deeply in the future, with a wealth of products at multiple levels.
The system will increase core competitiveness and will increase infrastructure inputs, reduce efficiency gains, continue to deepen macroeconomic downturns, fast-mail competition is over-expected, and cost controls are not as high as expected.
The circulars disclose annual reports for 2023 and quarterly reports for 2024. In 2023, the company earned 57.680 billion yuan, an increase of 7.7 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return to the mother of 3.72 billion yuan, a decrease of 5.0 per cent over the same period; in the first quarter of 2024, the company earned $15.43 billion in operating income.
Figure 3: Quick transit quarterly operating income and the same rate of increase in 2 businesses with a substantially flat share - 5.57 billion items in the first quarter of the year, a 24.9 per cent increase compared to the previous quarter. The prices of the industry as a whole are down.
In other operations, revenues from freight forwarding and air operations fell in 2023 as a result of factors such as lower air and sea freight prices.
The cost of three single-ticket bills (left axis, hundreds of millions) continues to fall, and the performance of the courier industry continues to grow steadily. At the cost end, the company continues to optimize its transport structure and improves the self-sufficiency and utilization of its fleet, while fully implementing the benefits of the transit centre.
Production, upgrading of equipment, enhancement of human effectiveness, and further reduction in the cost of express delivery single fares. In 2023, the cost of operating single ticketing fees, single ticket transportation costs, single ticket transit centre operating costs of $1.28, 0.46 and 0.29, respectively, decreased by 3.8 per cent in the same year, the cost of quarterly single tickets was further reduced by the same year, and the net return on express delivery was $994 million, which was 11.87 per cent faster than the increase of 11.87 per cent.
Figure 9: Trends in the cost of a single ticket for a round express delivery operation
In the future, the Division is committed to deep-deepening its courier industry, enriching its multi-layered product system, enhancing core competitiveness and increasing infrastructure inputs, macroeconomic downturns, excess expectations of Express competition and less-than-anticipated cost controls.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.