A robust year-round performance release, q1 performance re-innovation high Coal (000983.sz) robust performance release 2021, q1 re-innovation high 2022, maintaining a "buy-in" rating
At the same time, the company issued a forecast of its 2022 q1 performance, which is expected to achieve a return net profit in the first quarter of 2022, with strong demand, higher prices and higher profits from the company ' s own coal products. On the basis of the performance report, we adjusted the surplus.
Outside, group assets are injected into the future, looking at the potential for growth. Keep the “buy-in” rating.
In the first quarter of 2022, the performance was once again high. Improved demand for coal processing, the supply of powered coal, and higher profitability are expected to continue. Demand has driven the price of coal processing to higher levels: coal processing is priced by the market, less influenced by policy, and is expected to continue in the future.
The supply side continues to be tight: less capacity for cokering, less powered coal production, and a chronic shortage of coals in Australia. The demand side is expected to be good: due to the epidemic, the current infrastructure has not improved and steel sales are blocked. In the future, the demand for cokering is expected to improve as the epidemic eases and steady growth policies pull up.
The price increase is expected to continue. Coal power supply is limited: demand for power coal is in the low season, it is affected by the epidemic, electricity has not increased significantly in industry, and the EU has banned the import of Russian coal, further contributing to the increase in the price of coal abroad. The price differential between domestic and foreign coal has been a major disincentive to import demand, with a 24% reduction in coal imports in the country in the first quarter of the year, and the supply of powered coal has been reduced by 24%.
In May-June, as the epidemic subsides and steady growth surges and peaks in the summer, there is still room for rising coal prices.
Group coal assets are accelerating the injection. In late 2020, the company completed the acquisition of the water and coal industry, and in January 2022, the company intended to purchase Hwa Jingio, held by the Coal Group by issuing shares and paying cash.
There is still a demand for securitization of group coal assets, and the company’s out-of-date capacity can grow over time.