22q1 profits are at an all-time high, and there is a wide scope for growth \triangleright with a steady rise in prices and a significant 21-year growth in performance. According to the performance report, 2021q4 companies achieved a net return.
The profits were 992 million yuan, an increase of 179.4 per cent and a decline of 19.3 per cent in the ring, and the company ' s original coal production in 2021 was 35,69 million tons, an increase of 0.71 per cent in the same year and 28,71 million tons in commercial coal sales, an increase in the same year.
The price of goods increased by 41.9 per cent on the same basis (the Association and the spot refer to the weighted average price of sarcophagus, below). The price increase led to a significant increase in corporate profits. In addition, power plates, cascading plates of coal and raw materials increased, losses increased, and performance was released slightly.
In the first quarter of 2022, the company’s coal price rose all the time, and in the first quarter of 2022, the company’s net profit to its parent was the highest in a single quarter since it was marketed. The acquisition of controlling shareholder assets continued, with an out-of-capacity growth period.
On January 16, 2022, the company announced its intention to evaluate the performance of the coal in Shanxi by issuing shares and shares: good profits, looking forward to coal.
Cash means of purchasing 51 per cent of the split shares held by the Coal Group, purchase of Li Jinyu, 2. Shanxi Coal Assessment: assets are injected into the next city, increasing.
High Jianping holds a total of 49% of the stock in the bead coal industry. According to the announcement, China's total capacity is 11.1 million tonnes/year, and the main assets are Shaku 1 (4.5 million tonnes/year), Shaku II (2.7 million tonnes/year), and Myeongju Coal.
The size of the company ' s equity capacity will increase by 5.13 million tonnes/year after the acquisition of the equity capacity, which was 32.57 million tonnes/year as of the first half of 2021, after the acquisition of the land.
By the end of 2020, according to the Group bond collection statement, the group had a total capacity of 207 million tons of coal, of which 131 million tons were produced by major mines, and about 44.8 million tons were still available for asset securitization after the elimination of publicly listed company capacity and mountain coal group capacity (the main asset is in Mountain Coal International).
Asset injection space is still wide. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.