Events: On April 28, 2022, Shanxi Coal released its annual report, and the company ' s operating income for the whole year 2021 was 45,285 million yuan, an increase of 34.15 per cent, and the net return to the mother was $4,166 million, an increase.
Corporate operating income in the first quarter of 2022 was 13.278 billion yuan, an increase of 43.41 per cent in the same year; a gain of 205.51 per cent in the same year was realized; an increase of 169.97 per cent in the same year for a basic gain of 0.6 yuan per share was realized.
It's 0.71% long; it's 145.5 million tons, an increase of 1.32% from the same year, and calculates the rate of clean-up.
RMB/tonne, 42.84 per cent increase in the same year, generating 25,618 million yuan in revenue from coal-led operations, maintaining a high price of coal in the first quarter of 2022, achieving an operating income of 132.78 million yuan in mountain west coal, an increase of 43.41 per cent in the same year, and a net return of 2,456 million yuan in the same year.
Investment in infrastructure, and as the epidemic is brought under control, the demand for coal from the iron and steel and construction industries is expected to increase. The domestic supply of coal is small, the volume of coal is limited, there is a decrease in coal imports from Australia and Mongolia and Russia, where coal imports are limited and incremental releases take some time.
The company’s performance is expected to increase steadily, driven by the price of coal. With the increased level of coke plate operations, electricity and building blocks are affected by the rising cost of coal, the performance is modest.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, 51.5% more than the previous year, with coke plates earning $10,461 million, 42% more than the same year, and Māori 549 million, or 26.95% more than the same year.
The impact of the build-up increased the cost of electricity operations, reaching a unit cost of RMB 3975 million per kilowatt, an increase of 37.63 per cent in the same year, and a decrease of RMB 1,427 million in gross Maori. Production of construction materials (cement-based) was 3.06 million tons, a decline of 14.04 per cent in the same year.
\triangleright 2022 was the first three years of effectiveness of the Sanxi Coal Group's “Three Three Three Steps” strategic plan, with coal resources integrated and restructured as an important direction. The company received it in December 2020.
The purchase of 100% of the shares and 51% of the share of the coal industry have now exceeded their performance commitments for the second year in a row, with $984 million in non-net profits in 2021, increasing the performance of listed companies. In addition, the company is also planning to purchase 51% of the split held by the coal cartel.
The stockholdings, the purchase of Li Jinyu, and the combination of KJP and KJP hold 49% of the shareholdings in the Pearl Coal industry. As a result of the performance commitments made by the Caring Coal Group, the accumulated net profit from China's withholding of coal from 2022 to 2024 amounted to $4.3 billion, in order to achieve asset injections, the company will achieve a growth in its performance.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Stable economic growth targets lead to better demand for coker, superimposed domestic import restrictions on \triangleright coal, which is expected to remain medium-high. Companies are expected to operate at medium-high prices.
Growth in performance driven by rising prices, taking into account asset injections, we have raised the risk factors: severe macroeconomic downturns, large fluctuations in coal prices, inaccuracies in industrial policies, risks of safe production accidents.
Member of the Committee for Operational Audit, of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, and member of the pool of experts of China's International Engineering Consulting Corporation, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of China's Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th and fifth” national coal survey and development planning study, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations.
In 2017, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, he was responsible for research on large energy plates.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.