Quarterly performance forecast for satellite petrochemicals: Acids at the beginning of the year, satellite petrochemicals (002648.ch/RMB15.63, buy-in) performed slightly less than expected in the quarter.
In order for the acrylic industry to continue, the company will increase its share of production further. On the other hand, the company plans to invest 4 million tons of acrylates, and the company will have more than two c2/c3 chains. The company issues a quarterly performance forecast, and is expected to realize a net return of $110 million to the mother in the first quarter of 2018.
Because, on the one hand, the company's main products are sold at a lower price than in the same period last year. According to our statistics, one season, The Chemical Industry Strategy 2018: Feeding Materials with Support, Supply Average Prices of Acrylic Acid (AVL), 7,773 yuan per ton, down 24.68% from the same time.
Side-reform effects are evident at an average price of 9,326 esters per ton, a 17.37 per cent decline over the same period. On the other hand, due to the February Spring holiday, the annual satellite petrochemical report: steady progress towards the c3/c2 tap.
Production was affected by the impact of the shutdown of tourist customers, which resulted in a decrease in the sales of company products on a par, and by the accident with the steam supplier in the park, which resulted in the shutdown of the carnival production base.
2. The Acid industry has continued its boom, with several projects contributing in 2018. Prices have increased significantly in March compared to February.
Capable, most installations around the world are ageing, and downstream demand continues to improve, and we think this round is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, and industry is expected to continue. The company currently has 480,000 tonnes/year AC and ACCP production capacity.
450,000 tonnes/year, and 360,000 tonnes of acrylic acid are planned to be expanded, and the market share will be further raised once completed
The 34 million tonnes of AFO project is expected. The company previously announced that it had signed a project framework agreement with the government of Lianyong Harbour to invest more than $30 billion in the construction of the ethylene fission device.
The first phase of the project is planned to begin construction in the second quarter of 18 years, and the first of the first half of 2020, the Wang Haitao project, will be completed. The company also announced the establishment of a joint venture by the United States satellite investment company, on the one hand.
(8610) 66229353 is available in the U.S. market; on the other hand, it is possible to pre-empt U.S. available resources to find ethane for rapid export and to take up the market for ethane supply; and III provides a steady export guarantee for raw materials for the HFO project.
The post-partum company of the Big Hydrocarbons project will have multiple product capacities in the c2/c3 chain and open new ones.