Satellite petrochemicals. The fall in product prices in one quarter is a drag, but not a good long-term trend, and the satellite petrochemical quarterly report is slightly less than expected. We insist that the Acid industry be judged favourably for the long term.
On the other hand, the company plans to invest 4 million tons of hydrocarbons, and the postnatal company will have the capacity to produce a number of products on the c2/c3 chain, opening up new opportunities for growth. It will be advantageous for the company to disclose the equity incentive program, targeting middle-level managers of the flat lake production base.
(Average market price for East China) $7,773 per ton, a decrease of 24.68 per cent over the same period, and a decrease of $US 9,326 per ton for acrylic ester, a decrease of 17.37 per cent over the same period; a decrease in downstream customer purchases after extended spring holidays; and accidents with steam suppliers in the park, resulting in the shutdown of the production base and production impacts.
The acrylic industry has continued its boom, contributing to many projects in 2018. Despite the fall in product prices this past quarter, we maintain that the long-term trend in the acrylic acid industry remains unchanged in terms of good judgement, given the low-end output of the industry, the ageing of most installations worldwide, and the continuing good downstream demand.
The company currently has a capacity of 480,000 tonnes/year for acrylic acids and 450,000 tonnes/year for acrylic acids, and plans a 4 million tonnes of acrylic hydrocarbons project to be expected.
The first phase is planned to start in the second quarter of 18 years, with production planned for the first half of 2020. The company has a joint venture with American satellite investment to open up the United States market on the one hand, and the other on the other hand to take advantage of the United States resources available to export ethane quickly and occupy B.
The company will have the capacity to produce a number of products in the c2/c3 chain, opening up new opportunities for growth, abnormally changing oil prices, safe operating risks, etc.
The Chemical Industry Strategy 2018: Supported Material, Supplyed S.H.I.E.L.C.
CHEMICALS: CHEMICAL MATERIAL