Incidents: In recent days, with the issuance of the three-quarterly report of 2024, the company ' s total operating income \triangleright operations in the first three quarters of the year continued to recover, and the company is expected to increase its domestic revenues at the same rate as in the previous three quarters.
\triangleright 2024q3, corporate government business improved, emergency projects advanced by the government in the first half of the year were partially settled in the third quarter, while projects were still being implemented in the fourth quarter.
In the event of a backlash, orders for various types of infrastructure projects are now stable. 2024q3, in the corporate business sector, smart buildings are subject to a decline in revenues from operations related to macroeconomic environmental impacts; financial operations are affected by the rounding-up of major banks, and companies expect to warm up in areas related to 2024q4; and 2024q3 companies are expected to warm up.
Better growth in business, energy, and other industries, such as smart architecture, has not yet fully compensated for the decline. 2024q3, companies have issued a range of intellectual business transformation solutions, including multi-model integration industry vision models - the Big Star Man model and industry-specific small models for different business scenes.
The current size model combines numeracy to improve efficiency and reduce costs; the ai model combines with the Xanax platform (privately, Yang Littenten, with the Xiaohua + public cloud Xiang Xing) to form a safe production, production execution, detection, measurement, etc.
Green low-carbon four main business directions are expected to be a completely new growth pole for the company. Research assistant Paik Xing-seo, overseas operations are moving in an orderly fashion, and the company is expected to continue to grow by 2024q4 overseas.
\triangleright overseas operations grew by 9.08% and contributed significantly to income and profits and became the focus of corporate business development, with regional and national operations such as the Greater Europe, the South Ocean, Mexico, Brazil and other regions showing higher growth, with the following:
Economic recovery in the European region and a gradual return in consumer demand. In addition, some BRICS countries and countries along the “one-way” route have relatively high demand for infrastructure and foreign investment, and markets are warming back.
The Middle East region’s relatively slow growth of operations and the withdrawal of companies from the United States market also has some impact on overseas operations. Without the visibility of overseas operations, offshore operations will continue to sink, expand integrated customers, and promote safe cities, smart sex.
Industry solutions such as Chase, Energy, Buildings, Education, which expand the greater potential, Fire, Restraint, Hot Investment Recommendations: Sensors, Cameras, Network Infrastructure, Big Data, Clouds and ai Technologies will be aiot \triangleright
The key and core is that companies, as champions of R&D platforms, have a huge market, R&D, supply chains, etc., where the advantages of the company platforms will continue to be demonstrated. We expect companies to have an eps \triangleright 2024-2026.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.