In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved $5.56 billion, or +10.9 per cent, in return for a net gain of $960 million from the mother.
2020 dcdc q3 is basically stable, and the impact of the motor panels on the telecommunications sector is determined. q3 q3 is defined under the requirements, whether it is at the end of the collection or 2. q1 + 34% of the non-mortality ratio.
At the profit end, the overall homogeneity and ring ratio remained largely stable, with Māori rates and net interest rates, both of which declined by the same year and ring, but remained at historically relatively high levels, as evidenced by the fact that corporate operations remained stable.
Although China and the United States trade friction has led to a significant decline in the communications landscape in q3, and corporate communications operations have also been significantly affected, the company ' s automobile business has followed the global automobile industry (especially the domestic automobile industry) 4. Performance meets expectations, with the pcb of 5 g/idc
q3 demand is gradually recovering and the growth of the ring is returning, thereby contributing to a steady rise in corporate performance as a whole. Based on this, we believe that when communications are no longer worse, the company ' s motorboard business will drive 5. "Performing with expectations, waiting for 5 g+idc demand relief."
Long-term demand certainty and the contribution of automobile operations are still in place or beyond expectations. Although the communication board has not yet seen the need for a strong recovery, given that the global 5g construction plan is still in place and the strategic direction of the country’s 5g is unchanged, it is likely that the country’s 5g building plan will not be successful.
Therefore, we believe that next year ' s 5g construction needs are still certain and that the performance of the corresponding industry chain producers can be maintained at least steadily; the second is a gradual recovery of demand in the automobile industry, while the share of high-end products such as company microelectric car radar pcb has increased significantly, plus the yellowstone phase II, which is mainly directed to the expansion of the car board.
Xin Xin Xuan Xuan can and is actively engaged in certification and production, so we think that the company's auto business layout and capacity planning can match, contribute to performance or become a critical point of expectation, and the overall performance is expected to continue.
Deng Xiaolu Il, the company ' s quality pcb supplier attributes remain unchanged for the long term and have a long-term investment value.
Liuyanxue@qjzq.com.cn score, then averaged the final rating as market average investment