\triangleright Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation Exploitation of 24h1
\triangleright yields 44% revenue, yoy+3.37pct. Benefited from the company’s continued expansion of overseas markets, increased overseas ownership of key products such as excavators, loaders, ballasts, high-altitude platforms, etc.
The combined occupancy rate increased by 0.58 percentage points on the same basis. By component, 24h1 companies have nearly doubled the overseas earnings of all-ground cranes and cross-country tire cranes, 16% higher overseas earnings of excavators than in the same year, and the global synergy of concrete equipment is beginning to show, with more than double the revenues of overseas pumpers and blending stations and nearly double the growth of blenders.
The internationalized Māori rate has also increased, with 24h1 having an international Māori rate of 24.41%, yoy+1.22pt. Overall, overseas markets have a huge space and are expected to increase further as companies become more productive abroad, such as Brazil, Germany, Mexico, India, Uzbekistan, etc.
Since the beginning of 2024, projects benefiting from the trillion-dollar increase in national debt have begun and market demand has stabilized. At the same time, large-scale equipment renewal policies have accelerated old “None” 1. Xu Engineering Machinery (000425.sz) depth reports: National Week.
The phase-out of “country two” equipment has stimulated some of the newer needs, and the overall insider sales are showing a downward reheating trend. The period rebounds, while the overseas & new products contribute increased income in 20,24h1, except for the spring holidays in February, and rain and snow have led to the shutdown of most of the country’s construction sites, leading to the loss of production.
The same month's sales fell by almost 50%, and the rest of the month's sales in the excavator grew by the same amount. In particular, 24m3 reported a round-the-clock review of the emerging business: the international sales in the excavator continued to improve, from 9.3% in March to 13.3% in April and May.
In anticipation of the peak, with the use of funds such as special-purpose debt, super-long-term national debt, and the start of related construction in the third and fourth quarters, engineering and machinery are expected to move up the ground this year. The quality of the company’s operations continues to improve.
The business development approach of \triangleright class, steady growth” continuously improves the quality of business. 24h1 corporate cash flows increased by 11 per cent on a year-on-year basis, exceeding the profit acceleration rate; the asset liability rate was 63.3 per cent, a decrease of 1.24 pct from the end of 23 years;
Investment proposals: taking into account the downward trend in the domestic engineering and machinery market, firm market position is strong, \triangleright risks; overseas engineering and machinery market demand downside risks; mine business is not developing as much as expected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.