At the top of the scale, the share of new energy products has risen considerably. In recent days, Xu Yu has published the 2024th semi-annual report. 2024q2 net profit from the mother has increased by two times compared to the ring. 2024h1, the company managed to collect 49.632 billion yuan.
Cost rates, management rates, R & D rates, and financial rates have changed from -0.41 pct to -0.41 pcpcs, respectively, and the share of new energy products has increased significantly. Companies’ emerging business has gradually evolved into strategic ladders, enabling companies to diversify their layouts.
In the first half of 2024, high-end products received 23.3% of the total revenues of new energy loaders, and the industry sold the best; the share of new energy products reached 74.00%, an increase of 6.70 pct in the same year, leading the industry.
Focusing on the new energy forklift track, the new energy forklift camp has grown by 80.60 per cent on the same date. Xu's work, Xu's environment, and Xu's production are also heavily penetrating into new energy sources. (2) 100-ton and above ground cranes have increased by about 30.0 per cent compared to the same time, and large-horse mines have been levelled with 100-t and above.
Ton-scale wheel cranes xca 4000, hybrid excavators xe 650gkhev in the world’s first mine, and large-scale machines such as the first electric two-wheeler in the country xtc130e. A firm internationalization strategy has led to an increase in the share of overseas markets.
In the first half of 2024, companies were better positioned and more coordinated, with higher rates of overseas ownership of key products, such as overseas aircraft, loaders, ballasts, high-altitude platforms, etc. All-ground and off-road tire cranes nearly doubled their earnings abroad, and excavators earned the same income abroad.
This is an increase of 16.00%, and the global synergy of concrete equipment is beginning to show, with revenues from overseas pumps, blending stations doubling and blending cars increasing by about twofold. The Māori rate for overseas operations is 24.41%, an increase of 1.22 pct, compared with the previous year.
Good, enabling firms further expand overseas markets. Reduced demand for domestic firms’ products in the external markets will result in pressure on firms’ performance; and (3) strong pressure on firms’ performance will be placed on them if raw materials prices rise significantly.
Note: The “market index” of this rating system,a the share reference point is the depth 300 index; the new three-board reference point is the three-board index. Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk”, “stable” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”, “positive” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors to use our divisions
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.