The ratio of overseas revenues has increased and profitability has grown steadily - the dynamic study of Xu Engineering Machinery (000425.sz) has led to a surge in high-end products and a steady increase in new energy products
ivzy@cfsc.com.cn uses high-end products as the main direction of structural adjustment to shape product differences yousw@cfsc.com.cn
At the end of the year, income from high-end products grew by more than 10.0% over the year, accounting for more than 32.0% of total income, an increase of 4 percentage points over the same year, and the structural adjustment of products had a better effect. New energy products entered the fast-growing drive, with income growing by 26.8% over the same year.
The revenue from new energy loaders has increased nearly twice the same time, accounting for 23.3% of total revenue, and the industry has been the largest contributor. Xu's share of revenue from new energy sources has reached 74.0%, compared to 6.7 percentage points, driven by a lithium straight-arm platform vehicle.
Run industry. Xu's focus is on the new energy forklift track, with a similar increase of 80.6 per cent in revenue from the new energy forklift, which is expected to increase further in competitiveness as the penetration rate of new energy products increases steadily and product composition continues to optimize.
• Corporate commitment to the “internationalization master strategy” and to the internationalization of deep farming. In the first half of 2024, corporate income from overseas operations amounted to $21,901 million (as compared to the previous year).
The combined share of sales of external products increased by 0.58 percentage points in the same year, while the share of major products such as excavators, loaders, ballasts, high-altitude platforms, etc.
The increase in overseas revenue for excavators has increased by 16% over the same period, and the global synergy of concrete equipment is beginning to show. The increase in overseas income has been accompanied by an increase in overseas Māori capacity in the first half of 2024.
The gradual improvement in overseas production and distribution, such as that of Kstan, is expected to lead to further expansion of overseas profitability and a sustained improvement in operating cash flows 22.89 per cent of company h1 sales in 2024 (plus 0.03 pt), sales
Intra-exchange losses increased significantly in financial costs compared to the same period in 2023 (year-on-year +10.96 per cent), operating cash flows continued to improve, and companies are expected to benefit from the restructuring of new energy products resulting from higher penetration rates.
Overall, the gradual release of overseas production capacity will expand overseas markets and promote greater profitability risks of international trade; increased risks from competition in industries; risks from price volatility of major raw materials; off-sea operations risks; customer concentration risks; and the risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
Mauzheng, M.A. in Materials, University of Akdan, five-year experience in commodity securities investment, Luzhoyang, National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng securities, four years experience in research.
In August 2023, he joined the Master's degree in Chinese securities. In April 2024, he joined the Master's degree in Chinese securities.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.