Accelerating growth in performance  The profit growth rate is in line with expectations and q3 performance is expected to accelerate growth  The high base resulting from this is a context in which corporate q2 performance continues to grow positively and profitability significantly improves.
(i) In terms of sub-products, 2024h1 earth machinery, crane machinery, concrete machinery have generated income, respectively; bottom up in excavators have increased + higher overseas shares; cranes and concrete machinery have declined mainly because of weaker demand in the domestic market. New plate high-altitude machines and mine machinery have collected 4.535 billion yuan in the first half of the year, respectively.
It is the domestic crane, concrete machinery industry that is still lagging behind; overseas revenues of $21.9 billion, or +4.8%, of which the export earnings of excavators are +16%, significantly better than those of industry exports. Looking at q3, the domestic and foreign resonance of the excavator industry plus the low base for the same period last year, the company’s performance is expected to continue to improve.
• Effective mix-up, higher profit margins, improved reporting. Xu Engineering Machinery (000425): full-scale layout engineering, electrodynamicization of process machinery to inject new life into long-term growth.
0.5/+3.3pc, of which the increase in the financial cost rate is mainly attributable to the exchange loss of the company by $1.69 billion on a year-on-year basis. (2) Risk control capacity continues to grow as a result of a reduction of $12.9 billion in the financing lease guarantee balance compared to the same period last year.
In the context of unfavourable exchange rates and rising shipping costs, there was a slight increase in profitability in the year, fully reflecting the long-term trend of public reporting in the first quarter of 2024 to effectively manage risks, improve reporting, and gradually release profits after re-distribution to the release industry.
▪ The internationalization, electricization strategy is advancing steadily, with significant long-term prospects. Flexibility, red repurchase and confidence”1 Internationalization: the first half of the year, the company strengthened efficient coordination between the International Department of Enterprise, the regional capacity centres and the mainframe plant.
Similarly, the combined share of overseas product end sales has been increased by 0.6 pct on a year-on-year basis, with increases in the overseas share of major products such as excavators, loaders, voltage machines, high-altitude platforms, etc. Brazil, Germany, Mexico, India, Uzbekistan, etc.
Momentum: Revenue from new energy products of the company 2024h1 increased by 26.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, revenue from electric loaders increased by almost two times the same time, and the industry was the first to sell; income from electric forklifts increased by 80.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and electric power was converted into engineering.
The long-term prospects are set in the form of three major financial forecasts for Xu's machinery. Dong Wu Securities Inc., which has been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.