Longsunsuntechnologies (6005700ch) Projected 15% increase in income in the first half of the year, fully demonstrating operational resilience during the epidemic by 15% tolinegrowthexpectedfor 1h22, fullydemonstrainingbusinessundertheidemic
The focus on investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forengleshsummary) is mainly concentrated northwards, and the epidemic is still resilient in terms of income growth.
The six-month growth in corporate operating income was due mainly to an increase in corporate principal business income as a result of, inter alia, the digitalization of the financial sector and upgrading. As the company’s main clients are located in cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, etc., income growth was negatively affected by the epidemic.
We believe that corporate q2’s ability to sustain positive growth in income in the face of the epidemic’s impact is a good demonstration of corporate resilience to risk and business resilience. Cost growth is expected to slow in the second half of the year, and performance is expected to pick up.
On the other hand, the impact of the company ' s projected non-operational gains and losses on the company ' s net profits in the first half of 2022 was expected to change significantly in the fair value of financial assets, such as winning the company ' s investment in the first half of 2022; as of the end of June 2022, the company ' s investment was won on the basis of the company ' s actual initial investment amount
The decline in non-net profits is mainly due to an increase in personnel costs of about 25.4% over the same period of income growth. We believe that the increase in the first half of the year is mainly due to the amortization of additional costs and last year’s same increase in income.
With the impact of the low personnel base, the company’s cost growth is expected to slow in the second half of the year, and with the return to the pace of revenue recognition following the epidemic, performance is expected to pick up. Actively expand new clients in the business, and maintain a strong leadership position.
The Division has continued to assist bond dealers in setting up a financial management subsidiary to provide a full-scale process advisory service to meet voucher requests for the establishment of a pipeline and a publicity card to protect industry institutions. Companies are also active in quantifying their private collections, and the luminous securities win the pb system officially online.
Kimnagenus intelligent algorithms, dedicated to providing institutional investors with the experience of “insensitive trading” “processable” and “stalkable” transactions. In addition, the company built the world’s 500-strong company Zhejiang Transport Investment Group around the business of transactional sub-prime vouchers and electronic paper.
Industrial chain financial operations platform, upgrading its digital financial services capacity and platformed business Prospectives and investment proposals: We believe that the expanding corporate market is evidence of the position of corporate industry leaders, while companies are actively developing new products for companies that have not yet done so.
This growth provides a solid impetus. Because of the faster growth in staff costs, lower profits in the first half of the year compared with comparable firms in the industry, based on corporate cloud solution capacity and industry leadership, amounting to $58.13 (-26.09%) and maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
Jung Hongthanzheng Yanglinyang liangsong