• Investment rating: buying (first time) the company is the leading company in the domestic securities int market
Hensen Electronics was established in 1997 to deal with the securities counter trading system at an early stage. Current operations cover large retail, large-scale, banking and industrial, data risk and infrastructure.
An arms race among coupons, with the prospect of a further increase in the share of fast-trading products in capital markets over the past 10 years, has led to a shift from traditional merely trading routes to faster demand for transactions. To meet customer demand, the purchase of coupons has increased.
Early centralization of counters, purchase of a system by a voucher vendor. The complexity of the system, the difficulty of replacing it.
Quantified private fundraising is now developing rapidly, and coupons invest a great deal of resources in a system of high-speed trading. Self-researching, emerging manufacturers, permanent electronics, etc., bring huge business space. Technology advantages, customer accumulation, multisystems, and so on, are likely to create higher barriers.
The cyclicality of revenues with changes in capital markets, alpha continues to increase Two main indicators: 1) E-revenue/Secures brokerage revenue: The intrinsic meaning is the amount of a constant e-it product that needs to be invested for every dollar of revenue generated.
Between 2018 and 2020, there was a decline, but an overall upward trend; 2) the scale of management in the E-Revenue/Property Management industry: the intrinsic meaning is the amount of E-G-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I. This indicator has been up since 2012.
The two main indicators mean that the income and growth of the company has gradually moved away from the cyclical attributes of the securities, the capital sector and, as the product of the product moves on to the customer's business, represents a stronger alpha financial innovation that continues at a pace, and that the business growth of the venture board, the pension entry pilot, is an increase in business.
In 2022, a number of financial innovation policies were introduced in 2021, including the introduction of a market-based system in 2022, and (2) the introduction of pension insurance funds to the market was an increase in business. On the other hand, the penetration of new products such as o45, public fund-raising, reits solutions, etc.
Financial innovation has not advanced as expected; the epidemic has had a negative impact on corporate signatures, project implementation, revenue recognition; the capital market climate has declined; and the regulatory risks associated with business innovation.
1. The company is the leading company in the asset management and the IT sector. (In 2012, it was publicly mentioned that it has a core market share of 93 per cent, 80 per cent, 90 per cent and 75 per cent respectively in the areas of domestic base money, securities, insurance and trust management, in the securities account system, the securities counter system, the banking finance platform, the trust core business platform, etc.)
2. Changes in capital markets over the past 10 years have led to a shift from traditional merely transactional routes to faster demand. To meet customer demand, the purchase of vouchers has increased:
1) Early centralization of counters, purchase of a system by a voucher vendor. The system is complex, and replacement is difficult. In the last 10 years, the share of permanent e-markets has increased slowly, from an early 40%. 2) In the last 5-10 years, as the private sector has grown rapidly, it has usually purchased more than two pb operations.
The system provides space for a further increase in the occupancy rate. 3) Currently, Quantification of private fund-raising has developed rapidly, and bond dealers have invested a lot of resources in the system. Self-researching, emerging manufacturers, permanent electronics, etc., have created huge business space. Technology advantages, customer accumulation, multisystems, etc.
Synergy is expected to create higher barriers. (4) The next generation of fpga high-speed trading technologies, with a soft and hard combination, has also introduced an extremely fast-pacing product, which is expected to take advantage of markets in the future and further increase market ownership.
If you calculate this, the market space for all 140 coupons for packaged systems will reach $9.8 billion, and the company’s growth ceiling will be opened further. Alpha is significant, and the company is gradually moving away from the cycle attributes of the securities dealer, the capital industry.
Revenues from brokering by entry/soldier companies: Inherent meaning the amount of constant electricity sub-products that need to be invested for every dollar of revenue generated. This indicator, although declining between 2018 and 2020, shows an overall upward trend; 2) scale of management of the permanent electronics income/asset management industry: Inherent meaning is that for every dollar managed, it is necessary
Two major indicators mean that the company’s income and growth are gradually moving away from the cycle attributes of the voucher, the management industry, and that, as the product pulls on the customer’s business, it will exhibit a stronger alpha attribute and continuity.
5. Financial innovation, which leads to further industrial β: in 2022, a number of financial innovation policies in 2021 were added to the list of market-based systems proposed in 2022; (2) the piloting of pension insurance in the city was a negative business impact; the capital market climate was declining; and the regulatory risks that business innovation could entail.
The company has continued to operate under the umbrella of 1.1 ant gold suits for securities, futures, public funds, trusts, insurance, private funds, banks and industries, and exchanges.
In April 2014, Zhejiang was able to complete a 100% acquisition of shares in the Heung Seong Electronics Group. The total amount of the transaction was $329.9 million.
On June 8, 2015, Hengsheng Electronic Notices: After receiving notification from the Consort Holdings Group that Zhejiang's parent company, and its existing shareholders, Ma Yun, Xie Sheng, signed an agreement with the ant gold suit, which will acquire 100% of Zhejiang's shareholdings through the purchase of new shares in Zhejiang and the acquisition of surplus stockholdings of existing shareholders.
On March 28, 2019, Zhejiang and the ants' gold suit signed an agreement to transfer 100% of the shares of Zhejiang's permanent group to the ants' gold suit, and since then the listed company has become the ants' gold suit company.
Figure 1 Changes in the corporate equity structure. E.H.E. was established in 1997 and entered into the securities counter trading system at an early stage.
Since 2019, there has been a further expansion from business-type trading system operations to back-to-back data risks. Since 2020, insurance, banking and banking have been further developed through the acquisition of technology niches in the area of segmentation.
Markets. Typical of this is the acquisition in 2021 of a fund management system for the funds of opics under the finastra flag (which covers mainly small and medium-sized banks), and Summit (which covers money markets, capital markets, foreign exchange transactions, derivatives markets, etc.).
Chart 2 has been involved in securities counter transactions since then and has been expanded to a variety of financial management agencies, and is currently expanding into other areas on the basis of acquisitions 1.2 decades of sustained growth, and the revenue structure of the Large Retailit and Large Capitalit Departments has been changing the income from the original client line from 2019 to 2019.
(a) Large retailing, big capital management, banking and industrialit, data risk and infrastructureit, Internet innovation and non-profit retailing it line of business: upgrading the Brokering Commission, the Wealth Commission into a wealth-brokering group;
(b) Data risk and infrastructure lines: by the Ministry of Data Central Development, the Ministry of Risk Management, the Exchange Industry
The Department of Finance Infrastructure Development of the Ministry of Industry and Industry and the local exchange services have jointly organized the data risk and infrastructure industry.
(a) Non-bank financial-type customers such as companies, futures companies, bank accounts, etc., Chart 3 deals with securities dealers, asset management agencies, which account for more than 69 per cent of the company ' s income.
In the area of large-scale retailing of companies, large-scale financial management of goods, a high rate of market ownership is consistently maintained.
Fund, securities, insurance, trust sector core market participation rates of 93 per cent, 80 per cent, 90 per cent, 75 per cent, annual reports in the securities account system, securities counter system, banking platform, trust core business platform, futures core system, etc. Market share rates are currently rising or have increased, depending on the company ' s winning bid and customer replacement data.
Chart 4 Classification of corporate products Internet operations is a new business that companies have been nurturing since 2015. The main objective is to achieve a better business model, such as subscriptions. It is also geared towards light applications to meet the demand for light applications from more small and medium-sized institutional clients.
Internet operations are currently composed mainly of 13 holding subsidiaries.Figure 5 The specific content and products of Internet operations continue to grow more rapidly in terms of income growth:
In the first quarter of 2021, he was able to acquire a new insurance industry solution for the end-to-endit service. After a year of integration, he achieved rapid growth. In 2021, he achieved a collection of $80.92 million, mainly for the provision of insurance services.
The main partners are: Pacific Insurance, Chinese Life, Chinese People ' s Insurance, Chinese Peace, etc.
In 2021, the company achieved $290 million in revenue, a 35.42 per cent increase, a net profit of $8.52 million, and extensive business cooperation between more than 700 financial institutions. In terms of mapping the scene, the central end-point grinds the focus, the intelligent research, and the successful delivery of the national financial information service terminal project.
To continue to innovate, to upgrade several intellectual components, and to achieve rapid contract growth; in the case of management and control scenes, to keep the eye on the market open, with a steady opening of the market.
The Wormton Network, which has been focused on Internet finance services for more than 10 years, has done nearly 200 plus mature projects in such broad financial areas as banking, securities, futures, funds, trusts, clearing houses and Internet finance, providing individual investors with wealth management 95.12 per cent less, mainly from “software systems builders” to “business solution providers”
Yun Yin Network, a major information platform provider in the financial field, generated $140 million in business income in 2021, an increase of 59.83 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $6.05 million, an increase of 73.5 per cent in the same year.
Financial institutions such as wealth, offshore assets management provide specialized, integrated liveonline solutions and services. Core product services under the banner include investment management products, corporate investment service products, strategic trading products, administrator valuation products, outsourced valuation products, performance-controlled products, information disclosure products, regulatory delivery, and registration.
Products, financial sales products, marketing services products, open-source electronic platforms, cloud payments, telecasts, video recordings, etc. 1.3 Income sustained robust growth and cost-side contractions led to profitability elasticity since 2012, with corporate income, net profit on return and net profit on non-return on return cagr of 19 per cent,
Figure 8 Live Electronics has lost 22 per cent of its net profit since 2012 Chart 7 Helium Electronics has earned 19 per cent of its income since 2012 Chart 9 Live Electronics has lost 21 per cent of its net profit since 2012
In accordance with the accounting standards, starting in 2020, the company ' s project development implementation and maintenance services personnel costs associated with contractual performance obligations are now charged to contract performance costs and the income-to-income ratio is included in operating costs. As a result, after 2020, the company ' s Māori rate fell from 90 per cent + to 70 per cent +.
At the same time, there has been a certain decline in the cost rate. So, in order to rule out the impact of the accounting standards, it has been observed that companies are more profitable from the point of view of the Māori-cost ratio than research and development of new technologies, and there has been a rapid increase in personnel.
Figure 10 Changes in e-Māori and Cost Rates Corporate cash flows are good, and cash received for services provided by sales goods is usually higher than the current year's income.
For the first time in a year, more than 20% of the income guidelines have been given. While the cost-side acceleration guidelines are still going beyond revenue, companies have confidence in income growth and cost inputs are controlled.
The trading counter is the next system that connects the exchange.
The trading counter sends the transaction instructions to the exchange, and then the broker trading counter returns the exchange to the investor. In this process, the securities firm deals mainly with systems such as:
1) voucher dealers ' central counter trading system; 2) pb trading system; 3) speed trading counter system.
(a) There is a marked increase in demand for the voucher trading system: (1) an early voucher dealer only needs a centralized counter system.
2) As the private fund-raising hosting business (pb business) develops, the demand for the pb trading system increases. To meet the needs of the customer, the pb trading system may be configured with multiple sets; 3) in a time of quantifying the rapid growth of private fund-raising, the trading system has a variety of dimensions, including stability, speed, vomiting, etc.
Increased demand for transactional systems provides more room for growth for suppliers of trading systems, including Helium. Chart 14 Centralized counter trading systems, pb counter trading, and speed counter trading system relations
2.1 Centralized trading counter system: 20 years of accumulation, with a steady increase in the rate of market share Central trading counter system: mainly available to general investors, the core system of voucher dealers, a single voucher firm, with only one centralized trading counter system. The system began in the 1990s with a business department.
Evolution to the securities firm ' s c/s architecture and changes in the b/s architecture since 2008. And because the data volume of the system is large and has a long history, coupons often do not replace it easily. Once replaced, it may take two to three years (the label, for example, is a permanent electron uf3.0 core counter system, which will be marked up by February 2021).
In this area, the main players, including permanent electronics, gold shares, top-point software, and gold stylists, have been involved since 1996. While other competitors are involved, such as sharp, wide-ranging, root webs, there are still few replacements. The main reason is that the central counter system is at the heart of the bond dealers, and many account data are stored in the database.
. Replacement takes a long time to comb and migrate. Thus, for more than 20 years, the share of permanent electrons has increased only marginally (from about 40 per cent in 2001 to about 50 per cent today).
Figure 15 Centralized counter trading system development and related corporate development, with a higher degree of competitiveness in terms of income comparison and growth: 1) income size and gold shareholdings, top-point software widens the gap. In terms of income size, a constant gain was recorded in 2021.
With $5.497 billion in revenue (mostly in the financial sector), the gold stock, top software and finance sectors earn 2,168 million yuan and $501 million, respectively. 2) There is a more stable growth and resistance to volatility.
cyclical (e.g. 2015, 2020), long-range dimensions, more robust permanent electronics, gold medals, top points, and industrial dividends from capital market input growth. 2.2 pb system: essentially fixed pattern, constant pb billing requirements
The 2010 pb concept has gradually emerged in the industry. pb system: pb operations are a combination of one-stop integrated financial services, such as centralized hosting liquidation, back-office operations, research support, leverage finance, securities dismantling, fund-raising, etc., to high-end institutional clients, such as hedge funds.
In 2012, with the amendment of the Securities and Investment Fund Act, the legal status of private equity funds was confirmed, and a combination of hosting services for private equity funds, such as commercial banks and securities companies, is permitted.
In 2014, the private fund-raising pb business platform was launched by major securities dealers, and the private fund-raising system has now reached 20 trillion dollars. The pb business is receiving increasing attention. The pb counter system, consisting of two parts of the pb trading system and the operating support system.
The operating support system provides liquidation, valuation, composition and structure of the datum 17pb system, pb operations with slightly different patterns of competition:
1) Head voucher dealers have started self-researching to provide customized and customized services to clients. Since 2022, the self-research pb system has been upgraded in a multi-dimensional manner to provide customers with multi-purpose business uniforms including research, derivatives, coupons, hosting, etc. 2) and a two to three pb system has been procured with a voucher dealer to meet the different needs of customers.
Three mainstream pb systems (Golden Evidence, Helium, Rapid Investment). Multiple systems, which provide permanent access to more customers. 2015 annual report shows that in the pb business area, the Helium Electronic Pb investment system contracted 14 clients, with close to 90% of the winning rate, far outpacing competitors. 2016 semi-annual report shows that the Helium Pb system is the leading industry.
Products, securities, nearly 60 clients, and more than 2,000 institutional clients. 2.3 Extremely high-speed trading counters: emerging areas, continuing technological overlaps, continuing competitive advantages. Speed trading counters: mainly for institutional clients and high net personal customers, system architecture evolves into inward transactions.
Transactions are faster. Quantified transactions are largely done through a system of high-speed trading counters, so the demand to continue trading counters continues to grow rapidly, becoming a necessity for the producers of it.
There are currently a large number of high-speed trading counter products in the country, mainly consisting of three major factions: 1) traditional securities dealers in the IT system, such as Helium, Gold Certificates, Tops; 2) bond dealers in self-research teams, such as Sino-Thai securities, Hua Xing securities, etc.; 3) start-up IT teams, such as Wisdom, Huaeng, Sheng Liang, etc.
(b) Extreme speed api is launched to the full chain of the gateway to the declared deep-off transaction, 12 microseconds (including the time of the net-card penetration, without firewalls); and) a basket of 500 certificates.
The first coupon dealer took 5 milliseconds. The first coupon dealer landed on a platform of extreme speed, extreme speed trading, and system management. So far, Wisdom has served dozens of coupons, supporting high-frequency transactions by more than 100 professional agencies, and has quickly become a domestic quantitative transaction.
Fast-tracking systems, fast-track counter systems, smart data services.
The current product-based system base platform, atp core trading platform, arc real-time wind control platform, amd high-speed love platform, and ath high-speed trading bus. Team members are from top securities finance institutions and top technology companies like Hwa, ibm, tether, etc.
Time lags of less than 10 microseconds and accounts of more than 100 million. In 2021, the new-generation distributed low-time core trading platform ngtp, developed in cooperation with the two sides, will complete the switch of all investor accounts to full-scale support for the retail, institutional, and home-grown trading scene.
Mid-Thaixtp: The Sino-Thaixtp Extreme Trading System, a quantitative trading counter developed by Sino-Thai securities on a fully autonomous basis in 2015, was launched in October 2016. According to the web file, 400 R & D staff supported by the system are able to respond quickly to agency clients ' customized needs and transport services, with a guaranteed speed of response up to the date.
2021q4, 345 quantified private use of xtp for trading, with coverage of nearly 93% and annual turnover of more than 9.5 trillion. The company ' s self-researched Xtp system helped the agency to develop its business quickly.
In-house development expenditure amounted to $1.249 million a year; other systems, such as Starway Characteristic Financial Systems, Lighthouses v. 3.0, and others, together spent $6.234 million a year on development.
In addition to the continuing trading system that was introduced earlier, leading securities dealers such as Taijun, Xin Man-Yuan, and Hye-Tung have introduced self-researched high-speed trading systems.
According to the case of the express trading system mentioned above: 1) coupons have the capacity to develop themselves, but without scale effects, they are usually used only by themselves. At the same time, the development expenditure of the flavour v3.0 was only 861w in 2020 and 1.249 million in 2021;
But the advantage of self-research is that, in combination with their own business, they can develop unique products that attract institutional clients. In the same way, they are faster than they can meet the individualized needs of their institutional clients.
They are characterized by: (a) access markets from futures, etc.; and (b) the current product categories are more homogeneous, usually with very fast trading systems, very fast flow systems, etc., and a few have made breakthroughs in centralized counter products, but have not yet expanded to voucher dealers, regulators, and other business lines.
Lines; (c) speed, vomiting, or other important indicators have their own advantages, allowing some of the coupons to be willing to purchase their products; then looking at the competitiveness of the constant electronics: (a) other important indicators such as speed, vomiting, which are in the same order of magnitude as most companies; (b) multi-year accumulation of product strength and stability in centralized counter systems; and (c) extreme speed trading systems.
There is a need to connect the interfaces to the bond dealer’s main locker. Hensen has a higher market rate, a better chance of making changes, access, and so on. There are better synergies with other coupons’ business line products.
2.4 The next generation of technology: fpga ' s fast-track transaction with soft and hard combinations, with the rapid growth of domestic quantification of the size of asset management, further increases the demand for speed of transactions.
Most of the trading systems of the former domestic financial sector are based on traditional common cpu structures, with transaction speed bottlenecks that do not meet very low-time demand for transactions. In-house solutions are sought for low-time delay trading systems, and technologies based on parallel acceleration of gpu, fpga hardware are gradually entering the securities trading field, becoming a new trend in financial science and technology, and it is China.
One of the main technologies on El Street. fpga technology, which is the acceleration of computing through software modules and custom hardware, has been widely applied in the area of financial science and technology. The market share of high-frequency (HF) transactions in Europe and America has exceeded 50%.
In November 2020, the Voltae securities spearheaded the launch of the “fpga securities trading counter system” to provide investors with more integrated trading solutions in the context of the speed system released in 2019. In August 2021, Hensen announced that the fpga speed system had supported deep dual markets for investment.
A low-time delay of nanosecond decoding is provided, the full chain is measured by 1.3 microseconds, and it has landed in the first place of the state gold securities. The fpga hardware speeds up, hard and hard combined, and the hyper-performance laboratory is fine-tuned across the chain, reducing the "service end" decoding to a new low.
Accornc, a start-up company, was established in 2012 with a Xele-trad wind speed control system based on fpga, sub-microsecond trading systems, complete process management fpga database system; nanosecond response speed, providing pre-wind control and compliance testing; securities, futures, fund-group clients, industry owners, high performance, low delay
The fpga is either an extreme transaction, or another major direction of the new input from future bond dealers. 2.5-year-olds are increasingly dependent on the constant.
The company’s revenue is split, and since 2012 it has changed over many rounds, not entirely from bond dealers and financial institutions. In order to show a clearer picture of the company’s increased competitiveness and downstream dependence from financial data, a test-down of the company’s income will combine income from non-banking institutions such as securities, public funds, bank finance, etc.
Since capital market line operations include portfolio-related, investment-trading, etc., a stock market is highly correlated with the company’s revenue performance.
2) The size of the management of the business in the permanent e-capital market line/asset management sector: the intrinsic meaning is the amount of the permanent e-it product that will need to be invested for every dollar in charge. Since 2012, this indicator has been sustained by two main indicators: the income and growth of the company has gradually moved away from the bond management industry.
Term attributes, and as it boosts the client's business, it will exhibit a stronger alpha attribute and continuity.
Figure 26 Relationship between capital market operations and the size of asset management
In conjunction with the above, with the increase in private fund-raising, the volume of quantitative transactions and the ratio, it has become more and more difficult for bond dealers to earn income through simple billing, settlement, trusteeship, more personalization, complexity, value added.
In this process, the different ladder coupons have different ideas of building: 1) head coupons, preferring to develop their own core hard-core systems. For example, Walter, Hayton, Shin Man, etc.
Now you can see Xin Wan swhymatrix, Wataymati, etc.., while pb is a special voucher that focuses on development, such as Sino-Thai, Hua Ping 2), a series of other coupons, deployed in the form of software service provider base plus a small self-research.
Systems. For example, the Feds (a new generation of fast-track trading systems (ust) in 2020), the booming industry, as can be seen from the bidding of bond dealers in recent years: 1) small- and medium-sized coupons buy a full year of service directly by wrapping them up.
(a) Operations required by the company ' s own development; (b) China Securities Commission, Shenzhen Stock Exchange, China Securities Association, Shanghai Certification Authority, China Certificate