The company recently announced that a joint venture would be set up in Pingwa County, Shandong Province, with the co-financing of Wanja Construction Company Ltd. Once the joint venture has been established and met certain conditions, it will be proposed that the joint venture would be replenished to An Quanjia New Building Materials Ltd., and Manja Construction Materials Ltd., Pingwa County, respectively, and that it would be financed by the joint venture.
The joint venture will have 190 million square metres of gypsum capacity as a result of the completion of the above-mentioned investment.
This acquisition will further expand the company's capacity and increase the company's market occupancy rate, with a total of 2,182 million square metres of production from the new pulp plate in the north in 2017, and with the completion of this investment, the company's capacity will increase to nearly 2.4 billion square metres, with a market share of more than 60 per cent in the country.
Shandong is the country’s largest cardboard production base, with an existing cardboard capacity of about 1.02 billion m2 and full capacity.
The state cast board produces close to 30% of the production capacity, and the Tate Mountain gypsum is the largest cardboard producer in Shandong.
Deep North New Materials (000786); Industry high, 400 million square meters, with nearly 40% of the local market, and further control over Shandong's market will add up to the yield release cycle, with hope of hitting Davis twice.
On the supply side, environmental protection + the elimination of backward capacity, and industrial capacity is expected to be further developed. North New Materials (000786) - North New Materials (000786), Monopolistic Values.
The country adjusted 10 million square metres/year of cardboard production lines to phase-out, an adjustment that increases capacity utilization and moves into a new cycle of energy release weeks, will phase out production lines that can be 10 million square metres/year, thus affecting the integrity of small plants.
The usual production, which, since this year, in some parts of the country, has required the conversion of production firms to clean energy for environmental reasons, will significantly upgrade some of the small-scale production books, considering that the cost of face paper will remain high and that the gypsum itself will not be well priced, which we believe will be conducive to further clarification of the backward capacity of the gypsum industry: Reference Day
The pattern of competition in this gypsum industry is unlikely to be 80% of the country’s market if the North’s new materials are not available. The demand for the gypsum is expected to grow steadily as stock + increment + penetration rises.
On the demand side, in the stock market, the new second renovation cycle will lead to an increase in the demand for gypsum plates: in the incremental market, real estate investment will continue to grow at a more robust pace, and we expect more than 5% in 18 years of real estate investment, thus driving the need for gypsum.
In 2016, our per capita consumption of cast boards was about 2 square metres/person/year, compared to developed countries (10 square metres/person/year in the United States, 8 square metres/person/person/person/person in Japan).
There is a big gap. With a shift in consumption awareness and State support for the development of new building materials, the per capita consumption of the gypsum is expected to increase gradually. The company is the world’s largest gypsum industry group, with a market share of nearly 60% of the country, stock + increment + penetration rate trilateral.
The rise in face is expected to lead to a sustained increase in market demand for corporate gypsums. The "buy-in" rating should be 11/9/8x, respectively. We believe that the gypsum industry benefits from the emergence and survival of assembly structures.
The start of the stock market is expected to open up a second growth space, and the company, as a leader of the industry, is expected to grow further in the environment of environmental consolidation and new lines of production. At this point in time, it is clear that the company will be deployed from both a risk-avoidance and a value perspective.
(b) The risk of corporate loss arising from litigation;
Real estate industry, construction materials industry. New wealth in 2011, crystal ball number five, gold cow number five in 2012. Eight years of vendor research. Institute sales team.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.