In June 15th, the company issued a Board of Directors decision announcement: 1) agreed to co-finance a joint venture with the Shandong Manja building materials, with $175 million for new North building materials and 70% of the joint venture; 2) joint venture
Once the company has met certain conditions, the joint venture will recapitalize the new building materials in An Qi Wenjia and the building materials in Pao County, and the joint venture will acquire 100% of the share in the building materials in San Qin Qiang Qian, the woodwood production equipment in Pilgrim, and all the trademarks owned by the construction materials in Chichuan City.
The completion of the above-mentioned investment M&As has resulted in 190 million square metres of gypsum production capacity (including nearly 40 rounds of production in the deep-cultivated gypsum industry, which has grown to be an absolute leader in the industry). The source of new materials in the north dates back to 1979, the Beijing New Building Materials Laboratory, which was later modified.
The company was listed in 1997, with the development, manufacture, and operation of new construction materials, the main products being cardboard and light steel bones, with 58% of the local market making the most of them industry leaders.
The Division ' s revenue in 2017 was $11.16 billion, an increase of 36.9 per cent over the previous year; it continued to show excellent performance resilience and growth in terms of profitability, the company ' s 2013 profitability, benefiting from the positive impact of the company ' s purchase of 35 per cent of Tarzan cast shares and product price increases in October 2016, and its net shareholder affiliation to its parent company.
The industry’s short-term needs remain robust, and there is much room for medium-term household loading and wall penetration. From historical data, the area of the country’s house completion is more relevant to the needs of the plasterboard industry and is a more effective advance indicator, while after February 2017, the cumulative area of the country’s house completion was comparable to that of the rest of the world.
Continuing downs, but we do not think that there is any need to worry too much about maintaining the overall balance of downstream demand in the short and medium term, as a result of: 1) combined with data on the area of new construction in houses, inter-area support for new start-up areas: 2) lower completions since 2017 are more affected by the high base for the same period in 2016,
18.49% have fallen, but remain high. For the medium and long term, there is a larger space on the use of walling and home-filled gypsum products: 1) The current ratio of public/family clothing needs below the gypsum plates is 7:3, taking into account that the ratio of household area/public space on the structure of the actual completed buildings is about 7:3.
There is still room for a doubling of industry demand if the ointment penetration rate for home-loading applications reaches public sector penetration levels; (ii) about 70 per cent of our cardboard sales are currently concentrated in the field of ceilings, which are still not widely used in the area of wall construction and wall decorations, as compared to the rest of the United States and Japan.
With 80% applied to the construction of walls, the country has a lower penetration rate than the lower walls, the company has a strong long-term leader, and the productivity expansion support city has a higher share. The company, as the leader in the industry, has a leading advantage in many aspects of product markets, production layouts, cost control, etc.: 1) gypsum boards
There's a clear pattern of oligopoly in the industry, with companies running out of dust. The company's main brands are the Dragon and Tarzan, the Dragons are high-end, and the Tarzans cover mid- and low-end markets, 3% in 2017, 4% in Jinzhou and 2% in Jason, 4% in Lafaki, 3% in bpb Jekko, 2% in Napphi, etc.
The gypsum industry has a regional dimension because of the need for gypsum production (principal resource attributes that make the company ' s output layout exclusive, while the gypsum product is limited to a range of 300-500 km for low unit prices and economic transport radius).
The company now owns more than 60 gypsum production lines in more than 24 provinces and districts of the country. Resources and market cards have a significant advantage. 3) Corporate units are less energy-intensive and more cost-controlled. Considering the low value of cardboard units and the low value of brand premiums, cost controls are corporate competitions.
The key to this is that companies have a comparative advantage at the cost-control end by protecting their own paper lines, technological innovation, and promoting energy efficiency. In terms of expansion of capacity, companies now have 21 gypsum boards, production line extension plans, and the capacity of postnatal companies will be raised from 2,182 million square metres to 3 billion square metres.
In the case of the joint venture between the Division and Shandong's construction materials, it appears that the expansion of production capacity coincides with the expectation of a clean output and a product price increase. 1) As the supply side reform deepens, low-end production capacity still has a clear expectation. According to the figures of the Society, about 5 per cent of the production capacity is currently in the process of being eliminated.
With 5.4 billion square metres, accounting for about 13% of the country's current production capacity, and with environmental monitoring and supply-side capacity deepening, this part of the deficit capacity will be phased out, contributing to higher industrial concentration; 2) higher upstream waste paper prices are expected to increase the price of the gypsum.
The cost of paper is about 50% of the total cost, while the cardboard directly determines the strength and decorative performance of the cardboard, which is demand-driven. The end-of-year EPA waste paper ban is enforced, which adds up to three quarters for paper scrap, which is expected to be more expensive during the season.
The price model, the increase in the price of scrap paper, is expected to indirectly boost the demand for gypsum products through a price transfer mechanism called Waste Paper-Paint-Paintboard.