Le Wu Xiao Xiao Xing News (0000063) Focus 5g, global layout, ict integrated platform giants
ict integrated platform layout, company long-term value enhancement: from a client's point of view, there is a proliferation of telecommunications operators at the end of service b and a wide range of government clients with information needs, as well as a wide range of consumer client groups. From a product's point of view, the emerging product lines span wireless equipment,
Core network equipment, access equipment, carrier equipment, cloud computing equipment, energy equipment and terminal equipment are sufficient to complete the cloud-pipe-endict solution as a whole. Technically, there is a surge in communications technology, cloud-calculatorit technology, and terminal design capabilities.
A platform-based corporate development dividend: 1; technology comprehensive; moat depth; 2; extension of the value chain of corporate products; upgrading of corporate income; 3 complete communications system solutions; upgrading of customers 5g industry; and catching-up opportunities: 5g industry has been moving steadily, making decisions.
There is strong support at the policy and regulatory levels, with academic and research institutions actively promoting equipment, chips, and terminal manufacturers accelerating the roll-out of commercial products, and the 5g industry has already begun to accelerate. We believe that the boom will gain great development opportunities in the 5g era, with the 5g performance growth formula = 5g
Total investment has increased* the overall market share* and the Māori rate has increased. The boom will benefit from significant changes in three areas: (a) We expect capital spending to reach $1.2 trillion in 5g, compared to a significant increase in the 4g era, with a large communications market cake, which is expected to increase by more than 50%.
The market share is expected to rise further.
The development advantages of the ict integrated platform, and the vertical integration of the equipment-end-chip, the Vanko Cooperative Real Estate Project, the focus on major industries, have led to a sustained improvement in the Māori rate.
The performance level is expected to grow to a higher level.
Two important directions are mobile phones and home intelligence terminals, which are expected to continue to grow steadily.
Focusing on a short board in the area of chip design research and development will help to upgrade the company’s combined technological capabilities and enhance its strategic defense capabilities.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: We keep looking at the company’s stronger growth in the 5g cycle.
Opportunities, technology and platform advantages have become more evident, with continued high performance growth and underdevelopment in the five-g-block market: the company's mobile phone business is facing intense competition for apples and other Andres powerful brands, and revenue and profit levels have declined.
Intercom is a platform for all-round development, a fast-growing communications giant, and, after more than 30 years of rapid growth, has grown into a global leader in the manufacture of integrated communications equipment.
The Division and one of the world's leading providers of integrated communications solutions, with revenues reaching hundreds of billions, can be divided into three stages of corporate development: the company became a long-term company in the 2g era, taking over the market through high-value products; and the 3g/4g era was a catch-up period, increasing technological capacity, closing the gap with the international giants, and adopting a policy of action.
The dynamic market strategy expands the market; it has now gone beyond and led to the emergence of new markets and opportunities, such as cloud computing, object networking, and 5g, and the company has proposed a m-ict strategy that aims at strategic transformation and business focus, leading the market. The booming growth course has been accompanied by the emergence of the country’s communications industry, which has emerged from its original small factories.
So, we see that the rise of the boom is due, on the one hand, to our hard work in pursuing excellence, and, on the other hand, to the need for a large domestic market, the requirements for the domesticization of telecommunications equipment, and the advantages of home-grown firms’ R&D and marketing systems.
This is also due to the excellent market opportunities created by the great development of the communications industry in the country, which has been expanded in depth, and the value of the integrated platform, where companies are currently divided into three main segments, namely, the network of operators, government enterprises, and consumer business, and products.
Covers core networks, terminals, wireless, access, carrying, cloud computing, smartphones, wearable equipment, chips, energy operators: innovative technology and product solutions for wireless networks, fixed networks, core networks, telecommunications software and services based on the needs of operators ' customers;
• Business governance: top-level design and advisory services for government and business informatization based on cloud computing, communication networks, physical networking, big data technology and related core m-ict products, information-based integrated programming for local consumer services: focus on consumer intelligence, balance industry business needs, develop, produce and market intelligence
Products such as cell phones, mobile broadband, home terminals, integration innovation terminals, wearing devices, and related software should be compared to several other major manufacturers, Ericsson sold the terminal business and lacked transmission products, most notably wireless communications: Nokia also sold the terminal business, while the original Nokia and Allan networks were still in place.
During the integration period, product lines coexist with two systems; China, like Naking, is a global, unique provider of platform-based communication solutions in all of the sub-sectors of the communications industry. From a client’s perspective, telecommunications operators at the end of service b and a variety of government clients with information needs are emerging.
From a product point of view, the emerging product lines span wireless equipment, core network equipment, access equipment, carrier equipment, cloud computing equipment, energy equipment and terminal equipment, sufficient to complete the overall cloud-pipe-endict solution.
The value of the platform company is reflected in the following aspects: 1, technology is comprehensive, moored. In the 5g era, the communications system has grown from bandwidth to time to security, the communication protocols between wireless equipment, transmission equipment, terminal equipment are more complex and tight, and equipment is interconnected.
There is a need for more technical regulation, and there is an increasing demand for communication equipment providers to have full product line R & D capabilities. Platform companies need to set up multiple product lines, develop multi-professional technical teams, track and develop comprehensive ICT-compliant equipment, which is much broader for companies that protect the city's rivers, reduce the willingness of industry competitors to follow suit and maintain the company's presence.
2. Expanding the value chain of corporate products and raising corporate income levels. The size of capital spending by telecommunications operators will fluctuate over time, and investment areas (wireless or transmission) will be focused at each time, so platform-based companies can
It is sufficient to rely on a full range of product lines to capture as much intra-industry value chains and profits as possible. When the capital expenditure of telecommunications operators is in an expansionary cycle, companies can rely on wireless-carried-accessed product lines to obtain orders; and when the capital of telecommunications operators is in a contractionary cycle, companies can also rely on the development of their corporate customers and consumers to generate revenue growth.
3. Complete communications system solutions to enhance customer stickyness. Platform-type companies have a cloud-pipe-end-to-end communications solution, and client-selected platform-type companies have access to both an efficient set of communication systems and reduce the risk and maintenance costs of equipment connectivity barriers that may arise from multiple suppliers.
It will continue to increase, helping platform companies to remain competitive in the market. Business income stands at hundreds of billions, with steady and robust growth in performance.
Continued investment in the network, the opening up of the overseas mobile phone and the political and business markets, the growth of the network of operators, consumer operations and government enterprises, all three lines of revenue, and the continued improvement in profits.
Even in the face of the downside of annual capital spending by the country ' s three major operators, the level of corporate revenue growth has remained steady since the first 100 billion mark of corporate revenue in 2015, reflecting the company ' s continued growth in industrial competitiveness, internationalization, and diversification of operations.
The global situation has borne fruit, with overseas markets entering the harvest period and emerging to provide innovative technology and product solutions to telecommunications operators and customers of business networks in more than 160 countries and regions around the world, with an operating income of RMB 21,690 million in international markets in the first half of 2017, representing a share of revenue.
40.2 per cent of the total revenue generated by the domestic market rose from 23 per cent in 2004 to 40.16 per cent in 2017, and the growth of the overseas market grew rapidly.
In terms of products and technical support, China has continued to invest in R & D and product upgrading, with more than 30,000 domestic and foreign R & D personnel, and has continued to provide high-quality products and services to overseas clients and to obtain customer recognition;2 in terms of market opening, China has established a large number of distribution points in North America, Europe, Latin America, the Middle East, Africa, the Commonwealth of Independent States and the Asia-Pacific region, respectively, through marketing.
Localization enhances market opening capacity; 3 and branding, with global R&D institutions set up in the US, Canada, Sweden, China, etc., and increasing the recognition of Chinese brands by overseas customers. Market experience and technological capacity build up to create an “open space” for the expansion of communications abroad today.
We have observed that the past two years have seen a remarkable increase in energy in Europe, with continuous 5g experiments with major operators. As a result, we believe that into the 5g era, with the growth in product power and brand influence, the boom is expected to rise further.
Europe’s front-line operators have made a breakthrough and won 5 g’s key orders. The middle-line business layout will enter the harvest period. 2.5 g will re-open the era of communications gold, and the middle-line industry will accelerate progress on every aspect of the 2.1.5g industry.
With the high priority countries attach to industrial chain development and the efforts of the 3gpp parties, 5g technology standardization is accelerating, and 5g industry development is ahead of schedule. We are concerned that there are several critical points between the end of 2017 and 2018, including both the 5g technology standardization key and the target nodes for national industrialization. Thus, 2018 is the end of 5g.
A critical period for standardization towards industrialization. 5g standardized working time planning map in Figure 8: 3gpp. Current stage of progress: an initial version of r15nsa has been submitted but needs to be continuously optimized and expected
208q1 Optimization and freezing. Upon Nsa's freeze, Hightower will be engaged in chip development, telecommunication equipment providers have begun to develop products based on 5g technology, and will be supplemented and optimized after subsequent standards freezes.
Standard freezing of 2018.6-nrstandalone - Telecommunication equipment operators can develop a standardized freeze of nrstandalone 2018.9-r15asn.1 -- fully harmonized definition of vent structure, and chip dealers can develop a complete version of the 5g chip.
2019.12-r16 Standardized freeze - First round of evolutionary upgrades based on 5g, 5g network performances and functionality, 5g technology and industry in our country are strongly motivated: through our voice and efforts in the 5g technical and industrial fields, we are concerned about the comparison with the previous 2g/3g/4g
In the Internet age, the country became more proactive and even more dominant. On October 26, 2017, the secretary of the Labour and Communications Party, Minister Hmong Hmong, presided over a meeting of the Party to learn from the spirit of the 19th and 1st plenary sessions of the Collective Party, which proposed a determined follow-up to the decision-making of the 19th Party, the strengthening of the network information infrastructure and the acceleration of the 5g, industrial Internet.
Figure 9: China’s 5g technology R&D experiment is in sequence, frequency planning and expected speed of licensing:
The frequency of deployment of 5g is generally considered to consist of three components: the new assigned frequency of less than 6ghz, the newly assigned frequency of less than 6ghz, and the new assigned frequency of more than 6ghz.
The five-generation mobile communications system uses notifications on matters related to the 3300-3600 MHz and 4800-5000 MHz bands, which are specifically planned as working frequency bands for the 5g system, of which the 3300-3400 MHz band is used in the upper limit room of the principle.
The following frequencies have been allocated: we currently allocate mobile communications to 2.6 ghz and below, with bandwidth reaching hundreds of mhz. When the communication technology is further upgraded and the original 2g/3g is released on a large scale, there is a possibility of re-cultivating some of the frequencies to the 5g frequency.
More than 6ghz new allocation frequency: There is intense international discussion on HF frequency, and it is expected that 5g frequency planning for HF application will be established in the last two years.
According to the 5g national three-phase pilot plan, it is expected that at the end of 2018 the Ministry of Technology will issue a test licence, that the operators will conduct the test in their respective selected cities, and that after the completion of the test, the test commercials will be expected to take place in 2019. Network equipment will mature ahead of the standard:
Completed, but not stopped by telecommunication equipment providers, but instead developed 5g communications based on existing technology programmes. Multi-distributions in support of 5g by mainstream telecommunication equipment providers at mwc conference grounds in 2018: Hwa to show a new generation of small base stations 5 glampsite, a series of 5g six products in China, Ericsson to show a 5g smart factory, Nokia exhibition
5gfuturex solution, Da Tang moves with German technology to demonstrate 5g-nr (new openings). Mainstream equipment providers launch 5g products that include 5g series base stations, 5g carriers, return/forwards, 5g core network, etc. Complete 5g network system products with high maturity, which can be completed with software upgrades in the future.
So we believe that the 5g network equipment will be ready to test and test commercial versions by 2018. Terminals develop product plans: Chip millers' 5g chips are critical to terminal development, and mainstream chip companies have now completed 5g
Chips, or 5g chips, are about to be launched. High-line 5g chips have been rolled out for months; China has launched the first 5g chip (Palun 5g01) in mwc, supporting 2.3gbps speed, supporting mainstream frequency, supporting Nsa/sa network; Intelxmm80000 series 5g core
At the recently concluded mwc-gti summit, China’s mobile coalition of 20 global end-industry partners launched the “5g terminal aheaders program” at the Gti International Industrial Summit, aimed at focusing industrial resources and advancing the 5g end-use industry.
According to the schedule of the 5g terminal aheaders program given by China’s mobile, China’s 2017 mobile partner has jointly developed a technology standard-setting and terminal testing program, and product demand recognition has been carried out in the past phase.
In 2018-2019, the 5g terminal pioneer plan will focus on fpga-based prototypes, and by the fourth quarter of 2018, the first 5g chips that match China's mobile needs will be available. The first 5g commercial terminals will be released in the first half of the year, and the first 5g smartphones will be available in the third quarter of 2019, while the plan will be available in 2019.
-A terminal-friendly user test in 2020, during which China moves to publish its 5g terminal standards and 5g terminal white papers, and eventually, by 2020, there will be 5g commercial terminals on the market. In summary, the 5g industry has been steadily advancing, with clear support from decision-making and regulatory levels, and academic and research institutions.
With the rapid roll-out of equipment, chips, and end-makers, the 5g industry has already begun to accelerate. Three-pronged dividends will add up, and the 5g will provide a great opportunity for growth in the Middle East, and we believe that the Middle East will usher in a great opportunity for development in the 5g era, with considerable scope for growth in the future.
From three sources: the increase in the overall investment size of 5g (up by about 50 per cent), the increase in market share (up from a steady rise in the domestic market to a relative 30-50 per cent increase in the overseas market share) and the increase in profit levels (up from the sustained improvement in the Māori rate resulting from the integrated platform vertical integration strategy)
The 5-g-era performance growth formula = 5g gross investment increases* overall market share * Māori rises We believe that the mid-point gains from the 5-g-era dividend will generate significant performance growth and will be one of the fastest-growing large companies in the telecommunications industry in the country.
The 5g system is heavily invested in making large communications market cakes, and according to the Chinese Information and Communications Agency ' s White Paper on the Economic and Social Impact of the 5g, the 5g indirectly pulled gdp is expected to reach 3.6 trillion yuan in 2030. According to industry linkages, in 2020, the 5g indirectly pulled gdp growth will exceed growth.
419 billion yuan; in 2025, the indirect pull of gdp would reach 2.1 trillion yuan; in 2030, the indirect pull of 5g would amount to gdp billion yuan, accounting for 31 per cent of the total contribution of 5g to gdp in that year, and the provision of information services by various information service providers would produce about $1.7 trillion gdp, accounting for 58 per cent of the total contribution of 5g to gdp in that year.
Figure 13: The direct economic output structure of 5g (billion yuan) Average annual growth rate of 4g investment: China ' s 4g investment growth rate averaged about 36 per cent per annum and total investment averaged about 20 per cent per annum in previous years; China ' s move of 4g investment averaged about 20 per cent per annum and total investment averaged about 9 per cent per annum in previous years;
China’s 4g investment in telecommunications grew at an average annual rate of about 5%, while total investment grew at an average rate of about 15% in previous years. In the peak year of 4g, the total investment of the three major operators was 157% during the peak period of 3g.
The increase in the level of investment in the 5g network is due mainly to the following factors: 1 5g network system is significantly more complex, new technologies are being applied in large numbers and the frequency is expanding to medium and high frequency, leading to a significant increase in the unit cost of basic network equipment such as base stations, transmission equipment, etc., compared to 4g equipment.
The unit price will be 1.5 to 2 times that of 4g equipment. 2,5g networks will be deployed in medium- and high-frequency bands, so that the number of sites to be built will be higher than the number of 4g sites to meet coverage requirements, or the minimum will be equal to the current size of the 4g network. More base-station equipment will boost the size of the 5g network investment.
The 3-5g network topsup structure is more complex, with new and new forms of mesh equipment, more investment is needed to complete the full global 5g core players, which will continue to concentrate, and the improvisation is expected to increase market share, although the specific 5g criteria and parameters have not yet been determined, the itu has issued the 5g parameter standard, which is:
The main increase in the median comparison of 4g is as follows: the rate of 5g will be 100 times as high as 4g (1gbps), and the peak rate will be 20 gbps, as in Googlefiber. A significant increase in the 5g system indicator will mean a significant increase in the complexity of the 5g system, and the threshold of entry to the 5g core market will be closed to most small and medium-sized manufacturers.
The market for telecommunications equipment has grown from a dozen giants of the 2g era to the current situation of mainstream suppliers such as China, China, Nokia-Arckarang, and Ericsson, but with the exception of China, China and China, which are still growing at a high rate, Ericsson and Nokia are developing slowly, with the exception of four giants.
Two more companies have a strong potential for development in the 5g era, one with a deep three-star accumulation of 5g telecommunication technology and millimetre wave communications, and the other with a five-g R & D migration that has been under way for many years. Thus, there should be only 5-6 core players in the next 5g, with a high market concentration.
We have produced a simple map of the market share of the 2016 communications infrastructure through the collection of revenues from the network of operators in China ' s current 2016 editions of major communications equipment providers, such as Naking, Nokia Alcatel, and Ericsson, which together account for more than half of the market share of China ' s two Chinese companies.
With the advent of the 5g era, China's communications equipment suppliers gained greater strength: 1. From technological catch-ups to technological leaders, the product performance is catching up; 2. Benefiting from domestic engineer dividends and upstream industrial chain advantages, R & D manufacturing costs are lower than those of foreign companies; 3. We leapfrog to become a global communications network super-Power, tilting towards domestic equipment dealers; 4.
The country ' s aggressive outreach strategy, with communications equipment being exported to countries along the country as an important and advanced manufacturing product, has raised our share of the overseas market for communications equipment suppliers.
With only 5-6 core equipment suppliers worldwide remaining, and with the 5g threshold excluding new competitors, competition in the core network equipment market is expected to be weaker than in the past. The emerging equipment manufacturers will pay more attention to the profitability of orders in the face of relatively larger market shares.
In the first place, our communications equipment suppliers will gradually emerge from the disadvantage of the technology and marketing networks of the 2g/3g/4g period and build through constant investment in research and development and marketing channels.
By closing the gap and even moving beyond the partial segmentation, our telecommunications operators in the 5g era were strong enough to take up a larger share of the market. Secondly, our 5g network-building goal is to lead the world, and in recent years the network-building paradigm has significantly advanced to the world's leading level, so that it can be judged that our country will be one of the main sources of investment in the 5g network.
As an indigenous Chinese enterprise, China ' s domestic communications equipment suppliers, such as China and China, account for 70 per cent of the country ' s construction of 4g, for reasons such as industrial protection and security factors. This indigenous home-place advantage will continue until the construction phase of 5g, and our communications and equipment dealers will have the capacity to obtain large orders.
We look forward to the development prospects of the next 5-g era. 1 - Middle-emerged communications are emerging from the technological and marketing networks of the 2g/3g/4g era, closing the gap and moving beyond the segment of the 5-g era through constant investment in R & D power and marketing channels.
We have enough power to take a larger share of the market.2 As China’s 5g network, which aims to lead the world, in recent years has reached a significant level of world leadership, we can be judged to be one of the major investors in the 5g network.
For reasons such as industrial protection and security factors, China and China have seized 70 per cent of the country's share in 4g construction, which will continue into the construction phase of 5g, with a large order acquisition capability.3 In the future, in the vast networked market of goods, it is expected that China and China will occupy the networked market through leading industry positions.
Māori rates are expected to increase further in the 5g era, improving the profitability of telecommunications operators. Māori rates have risen steadily since 2012 and are now stable.
In our view, during the current 4.5g network-building cycle, the development and early-production phases of the original, medium-growth 4.5g product, which has continued to increase the Māori rate of network equipment products, have been completed and require no further large-scale R&D inputs. Only existing platforms need to be optimized and produced, the cost of the company ' s product lines will be more effectively controlled, and the Māori rate will be reduced.
2. The operator completed most of the network construction in the early stages of the 4g construction, followed by 4.5g, mainly for upgrades and expansions. Whether software upgrades or software and hardware expansions, the purchase price has increased significantly relative to new purchase orders, and the cost of multiple software extension upgrades has increased significantly, leading to a more significant increase in the Maori rate.
3. The market share of the mid-economy is steadily increasing, with a significant share of the rigid costs of product sales spread, and we believe that the 5-g era telecommunications operators will assume a more critical role in network building, and that the Māori ratio is expected to increase further: one, 5g systems are becoming more complex, leading to higher unit prices for products at the same time
Software value added has increased significantly in terms of products, representing a decrease in relative cost, and an increase in the Māori ratio of 5g equipment products. 2 - The number of suppliers of global core telecommunications equipment has declined to 5-6, competition has decreased, prices for products are expected to pick up, and Māori levels are expected to improve. In addition, a high yield can be obtained through vertical integration of equipment-end-chips.
To raise the Māori rate, the total amount of funds raised is no more than $13 billion for the “Technology Research and Product Development Project for the Evolution of the 5g Network” and the issuance of shares at a price above or equal to $30 is terminated, highlighting the company's confidence in future development and its confidence in the 5g industry.
The plan to raise a total of $13 billion would also raise the net equity of the company at a 30-dollar base, improve its asset-liability ratio, reduce its financial costs, and have a limited impact on the eps. Currently, 5g are growing rapidly, and mainstream communications firms around the world are constantly investing huge amounts of resources in research and development competitions.
In June 2018, the sa version was frozen, the 5g standard was established, and product research and development entered the sprint period; 2) major global operators announced a 5g test scheme and prescreened the product.
Elect, equipment providers need to provide fast-track products for testing to pre-empt; 3) The 5g personnel reserve is in place, and 5g R & D projects, up to $42,878 million, have been planned and require funding to start research and development. While the 5g R & D investment is huge, putting some pressure on the company’s cash flow and current profits, we believe that the company will be able to do so.
The input output is impressive in 5g. In more than 100 billion markets, investment will be significantly larger than 4g.2 There is a reduction in the number of mainstream global communications equipment providers to 5-6, with the potential for a larger share of 5g cakes with product competitiveness.3 and 5g systems are more complex and product unit prices and Māori are higher.
Technology standardization has progressed significantly, product R & D has accelerated, the number of proposals in 3gpp has increased year by year, and the voice has grown, reflecting the fact that the movement has gained considerable importance in the standardization of 5g technologies.
The Musa candidate will enable the system to support three to six times the number of users with the same time-frequency resources and to achieve 90 million connections/mhz/hours in the second phase of the China 5g national testing. China’s communications, as the first grass-up, led and adopted noma research project in 3gppran1 to guide industry standards forward.
The first was to suggest that massivemimo would be a key technology for a significant increase in spectrum efficiency, capacity and coverage in the 5g era, and that it would be the first to attack the technical difficulties and apply it to the 4g network, so that the 5g technology would be used much earlier in the commercial network scale, leading to up to eight times greater spectrum efficiency.
It also has a strong chip design and development capability, and it is based on self-researching high performance vector processing (HRV) backbone chips that are launched ngbbu, with the highest degree of industry integration; and high-intelligence digital medium frequency chips, with the smallest 5g aau, the lowest industry. The 5g base station launched by RD has achieved outstanding results in the first and second stages of the 5g test in China, with regular tests completed.
It became a full test, and it was the first to complete a 26ghz high frequency field test, with excellent vent performance. Now, China’s communications has started the third phase of China’s 5g test with a full series of 5g products, and it has been the first to complete the installation and commissioning of the end-to-end operations.
3.3. In-depth collaboration with operators and early targeting of 5g clients, emphasis is placed on early engagement with 5g operators in order to seek advantages in formal operational cooperation in the follow-up 5g. In 2017, China’s 5g base station pilot collaboration with more than 20 top operators worldwide included mobile operators from China
The first 5g pre-commercial base station in the country, the first 5g field test with Soft and Silver Japan, and the construction of the first 5g field test for Europe, have also been stepped up: Telefonica has completed the 5g network architecture and carrying test, and both sides will further validate the 5g end-to-end programme; orange plans are on the way.
Communications were tested in Europe in 2018 for multi-site 5g independent network architecture; China Mobile Syndicate has built an experimental network in Guangzhou that is closest to the 5g real environment, validated the 5g continuous network, and plans to expand the pilot network further to cover most of Guangzhou in 2018; and China Telecom is the first to operate in Yuan and Suzhou.
5g pre-commercial test, selecting China-China Communications to explore innovative applications in the vertical sector; China-China-China-China-China Communications-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-based pilot site for the first 5-gnr new open-air field test site has also completed business validation, achieving single-ue2gbps peaks.
5g Technical Cooperation demonstrates its technical strength and product performance, deepens clients ' understanding of the Chinese company and products, and enhances brand influence; 2 - China has deployed the 5g site through a client field test and is expected to obtain a formal contract in the pilot area in the future; 3 - China has tested its 5g technology level in partnership with the client and has been informed of the client's understanding
The actual demand for the 5g network is conducive to a further improvement in the quality of the 5g product. 4. Government, improved terminal operations, accelerated chip investment in widening the moat of consumer business mobile phones + double-wheel drive of the family terminal.
According to the Chinese annual report for 2016, the income from consumer business was $33.449 billion, an increase of 3 per cent, or 33 per cent of the total operating income, compared with $32.47 billion in 2015, an increase of 1 per cent in 16 years; the two main directions of the Chinese consumer business were mobile phones and home intelligence terminals, which together shaped the business.
In the face of the growing saturation of the domestic market, the response has been, inter alia, a concentrated effort to create overseas markets and raise the profile of overseas brands. In 2015, global output reached 5600.
In North America, smartphone markets rank fourth, prepaid markets second, and Andre markets third. In key markets such as Australia, Turkey, and Mexico, mobile phones remain at the top of five, and the Russian market has risen rapidly to second, with sales ever exceeding apples.
In August 2016, China launched Safe Cellular Sky 7 as a public service for Shanghai municipal authorities, and with the development of mobile communication networks, corporate consumer business is no longer confined to smartphones, and more rapidly stable.
The network supports more equipment. The corporate consumer development focus is increasingly based on mobile phones and smart home products represented by smart gateways plus machine topboxes.
The promotion of the “3-net integration” strategy in the wide-power sector, with the expansion of open, social and intelligent terminals, will accelerate further, seize opportunities, introduce home-smart gateways and machine-top boxes, maintain strong growth in 2016, contribute to 16 years of growth in consumer business, and launch a smart home with machine-top boxes and smart gateways.
In the future, there will be more room for profit growth in consumer business. For consumer business, we look at the future of communications in both smartphones and smart-house products, improving profitability.
As far back as 2013, the Ministry of Government and Enterprise was one of the three leading ministries. Corporate governance focused on the needs of its clients, based on communications networks, material networking, big data, cloud computing, and so on.
The core ict product provides top-level design and advisory services, information integration programmes for government and business informatization. Companies continue to work in such priority areas as smart cities, public safety, and networking.
On the basis of deep integration of cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, city goods networking, and smart, open ict-based devices such as 5g, the bottom-down adaptation of data collection to diversity, up-to-the-ground data extraction and analysis. According to the Chinese News 2016 report, the Group achieved $8,904 million in revenue from government enterprises in 2016, compared to the previous year.
The period was reduced by 15.18 per cent; at the same time, China achieved 40.667 billion yuan in revenues from government enterprises in 2016, which is four times as high as the rate of success, an increase of 47 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
As can be seen from the comparison of growth rates shown in the figure below, China maintained a higher level of growth in revenue from government and business after 2012, with less volatility; while the growth rate was more volatile and low, after years of low growth, the company was expected to achieve greater development potential by investing resources in the development of government and business.
In terms of past performance, while corporate governance has suffered a slight setback for several years in a row, it is possible to achieve a competitive advantage in vertical integration of e-upgrading in the broader context of overall market warming, through clear strategies and directions (wise cities) and increased input, among other things.
It was registered in 2003 and has a 19-year history of its design and certification. It has an eda design platform, a cot design service, a development process and specifications. It has developed and successfully commercialized more than 100 pieces of microchips, covering the communications network.
Microelectronics are mainly mobile, multimedia, cable and wireless products. For handheld machine products, Microelectronics currently provides an overall solution of wisefone7510 and a global solution of wisefone7520.
Programs, etc. For multimedia products, the Nvr/dvr solution, the CarLog solution, etc. are currently available. For cable products, the Mstp/sdh chip group and the solution, the xponolt+onu chip group and the solution.
Together with the latest developments in chip design techniques and processes, efforts are being made to provide clients with first-rate chip designs and solutions
e/ge/e1/wlan ercialcus iptv/catv
-Vicce-video/catv-fe/wlan mtu/sbu iptv
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
P2mpxpon ipcore ftth
Network SPLINTER SPLITTER@
olt coupler
tgsg building ttb
I'm not sure if you're the one who's got a problem with that.
Residentialregionorconnebox msan/dslam
Pots potsvdsl2fe, a recent study by the Central Advisory Institute of Market Research, states that the Chinese design industry estimated production in 2017 to reach the population.
The 2006 yuan, at an annual rate of 22 per cent, is expected to exceed the RMB 240 billion in 2018 and maintain an annual rate of growth of about 20 per cent. Among them, Sino-Change Electronics ranks third with a revenue of $7.50 billion. As a major shareholder, the share-holding ratio reached 68.4 per cent; and the State Integrated Circuit Industries Investment Fund, Inc., holds 24 per cent, reflecting the country’s modest growth rate.
In 2016, China was sanctioned by the U.S. Administration, the key measure of which was to issue a ban on the export of core chip products to China. We believe that when companies continue to upgrade their capabilities in the chip field, they will be able to do so.
5. Profit predictions and investment ratings1 and, in the current 4.5-g era, telecommunications operators face a surge in data flows and continue to add value to network capital spending.
High demand and industry investment levels are already largely at the bottom of construction; as the broadband China strategy continues, wide power drives the deployment of connectivity networks across the country, facilitating the maintenance of industry investment levels.2 Companies have a comparative competitive advantage in 4.5g products and light transmission lines, with operators increasing both investments
Corporate growth is structural. The company’s operating levels remained relatively low in 2018, and Māori rates will improve as product lines mature and continue to produce more, with a recovery of faster since 2019.3 The major major communicators accelerated the 5g commercial drive, with the initial pilot network expected to be completed in 2019 and around 2020
Launching large-scale commercial networks, with global capital spending in the telecommunications sector fast-tracked.4 Domestic 5g network investments exceeded 1.2 trillion (about 50 per cent higher than 4g), global 5g network investments increased simultaneously, and major global suppliers of telecommunications equipment remained in Chinese, Chinese, Ericsson, Nokia, etc.
Vertical integration has led to a further increase in the Māori ratio of products as compared to the past.5 As the demand for information level rises, corporate governance is entering a period of accelerated development.
Continued market expansion, given that domestic telecommunications operators may have slightly reduced capital spending and limited growth in corporate revenue, has continued to increase profit levels as Māori rates have increased further. Since 2019, most operators have started commercializing the 5g network, bringing companies an initial 5g order, and the level of revenue will increase more markedly.
In consumer business, home-smart end-products are growing well, mobile phones will remain stable in the overseas market, and revenue levels will remain at around 10%, but Māori rates may fluctuate. Businesses are facing a more competitive environment in 2017, and are expected to take over, but considering the overall market is positive.
Rapid growth, the business is expected to resume growth from 2018, but the level of Māori is likely to continue to decline.1 Medium- and long-term value increases as an ict integrated platform company have had positive effects on medium-term growth, including: 1) technology comprehensiveness and protection of the city ' s depths; 2) expansion of the company ' s product value chain and upgrading of corporate income levels. 3) Complete connectivity
Letter system solutions to improve customer stickyness. 2 5g Employing catch-up opportunities: 1) 5g capital spending is expected to reach 1.2 trillion, a significant increase compared to the 4g, with a large communications market cake that is expected to generate more than 50% increment. 2) Global core equipment supply
There are only five to six players left, and the market share is expected to rise even further, as middle-growth technology levels and marketing networks outpace or even exceed areas. 3) The growth of the ict integrated platform and vertical integration of the equipment-end-chip have continuously improved the Māori rate. We look forward to the development prospects and performance levels of the next 5-G era.
3. Improved government and terminal operations, and accelerated chip investment in widening the moat: the central two directions of the central consumer business are mobile phones and home intelligence terminals, which are expected to grow steadily. With regard to corporate governance, companies continue to grow and grow steadily.
We continue to look at the company’s more powerful growth opportunities in the 5g cycle, where technology and platform advantages have become more prominent, performance has continued to grow, and the value of its configuration at the expected lows in the 5g segment of the market is more pronounced.
1. The underinvestment in the development of the wide-power input network and the underinvestment of the three major operators in the 4.5g network resulted in a continuous decline in capital expenditure in the 5g pre-deployment industry; 2. The company ' s lack of competitiveness in overseas markets led to underdevelopment;
3. The company is again exposed to the risk of sanctions in other countries abroad; 4.5g network deployment is not as high as expected; 5. The company ' s mobile phone operations face intense competition for apples and other powerful Andre brands, with declining revenue and profit levels.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board