On December 14th, according to information published by the National Drug Control Service, approval was granted through a priority review and approval process.
A new type of fluorine platinum capsule (commodity name: Irene) developed autonomously for the treatment of embryonic bca mutations of re-emerging ovarian cancers, tubal cancers or proto-peritoneal cancers, has been placed on the market.
Fluorine Pally was first approved as a national parp inhibitor: Fluorine Pali is a small molecule parp inhibitor that inhibits the recovery of dna in brca1/2 functional abnormal cells, induces the growth of the growth of tumor cells by slowing down the cycle of the cells. There are currently three global approvals of the parap inhibitor.
In August, December 2019, China was approved for listing. Hing Swe’s medicine, developed autonomously, was first approved as a national plat suppressant. The type was listed as a new treatment option for patients.
The parp inhibitor is a major change in the treatment of ovarian cancer: ovarian cancer is the most deadly fetal malignant, with a relapse rate of about 70% in three years and a 5-year survival rate of less than 50%. A range of medical evidence suggests that rp inhibitors can significantly extend the pfs of ovarian cancer.
The results of two clinical studies (nc 035096.66) conducted in the context of the epidemic, which showed that the testees were orr and dcr, respectively, of those with brca1/2 mutagenic ovarian cancer.
64.1% and 95.1% have reached the main clinical endpoints. A number of typhoon Palli's adaptive disorders are under study and are expected to expand to other adaptive conditions in the future: According to China's pharmaceutical clinic 4.
The pilot registration and information communication platform, with 24 clinical studies currently under way in typhoon Palli, has 10 completed, including breast cancer, prostate cancer, ovarian cancer, stomach cancer, etc. The product is expected to expand to other adaptive conditions in the future.
Hepatitis 2 shr1210 has been approved, liver cancer is being developed in the country, research and development is well under way and overseas cooperation is well under way: research and development: pd-1 for first-line anti-sniffal cancer adaptive complaint.
Multiple products such as shr 1314 (il-17a), shr 6390 (cdk4/6) and Nori sugar pelican have been approved for clinical treatment.
Given the fact that corporate innovation medicines will be marketed centrally and contribute to their performance, and that high-quality generic medicines have been approved at home and abroad, with steady growth in performance, we maintain a corporate “buy-in” rating. We expect uncertainty about the progress of research and development of the eps in 2020-2022. There is uncertainty about generics and innovative drug varieties abroad.
There is uncertainty about the movement of items such as goods, investment returns, etc.. The pd-1 health insurance negotiations are uncertain.