Heung Swe Pharmaceuticals (600276) The new properties are needed and the innovation is driving the rapid recovery of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Summary of performance: corporate business income of $19.41 billion in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 14.6 per cent in the same year; net profit of $4.26 billion in the same year, an increase of 14 per cent in the same year; net profit of $4.14 billion after deduction, an increase in the new properties of the formulation plate and an accelerated recovery in the post-epidemiological era.
The profits were $8.1 billion, $1.6 billion, an increase of 17.1 per cent and 20.7 per cent, respectively, and the revenue end and performance end were increasing at a significantly higher rate, and the post-epidemiological acceleration and rapid recovery phase was being realized. With the impact of the new crowning epidemic, there was a marked decline in demand across the bed-related chemical plate, with the company q1 being affected; and the post-epidemiological period, the whole of the post-epidemiological period, was affected.
q1/q2 was affected by the epidemic, the number of clinical surgeries in the country declined significantly, and the company was significantly affected by the impact, which was the central cause of the decline in the company’s income and performance.
The company’s growth rate of q3 income and performance has been boosted by a gradual recovery in the sale of the company’s film and anaesthetic line products, near the pre-restoration normal levels. The cost rate was normal for the first three quarters of 2020, with 35.6 per cent for sales, and high-quality R & D inputs have become the norm and innovation has become a central driver of growth.
The sale of anti-cancer innovations is the central driver of the company’s growth in the first three quarters, and pd-1 major adaptive disorders are being approved, driving the rapid release of singles, and the steady deployment of new health care for Trinity and 19k. In the first three quarters of 2020, the company acquired several batches of innovative medicines and imitated pharmaceutical preparations, and acquired an innovative clinical treatment.
Of the nearly 40 batches, the pd-1 unit responded to three additional adaptive disorders, namely, terminal liver cancer second line treatment, late stage or transient non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc) first line treatment, partial late stage or transfer, second line treatment for patients with sexual cavity cancer, and several company pd-1 products are clinically prepared for the future.
New oncological treatments are being introduced. In addition, important progress has been made in clinical trials for new and innovative drugs such as Vicartoni and Reimaa Zollum, and the sugar drug Rigretine has been declared admissible and is expected to become the first innovative product in the field of diabetes in the future.
Reform and innovation varieties have been sanctioned as catalysts for a new development cycle, with a sustained push for companies to move from traditional generics to higher levels of R & D inputs (2020-08-02) and to maintain a “buy-in” rating as they move towards an innovative pharmaceutical enterprise strategy.
2. Heung Swe Medicines (600276): The short-term impact of the epidemic is unchanged 3. Heung Swe Medicines (600276): innovation has become a core driver
4. Heung Swe medicine (600276): Rima thorium has been approved and mahjong has been re-established in a large variety (2020-01-03)
6. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Rarely Medical Innovators have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for their specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.