• On 19 October 2020, the company announced a three-monthly report for 2020: income of $19,913 million, an increase of 14.57 per cent;
Millions of yuan, an increase of 17.11 per cent over the same period; net operating cash flows of 3,987 million yuan, an increase in the same year; and companies emerging from the epidemic, with the transformation of innovation and restructuring of products as the main drivers of the steady increase in the indicators. The firm’s economic indicators grew steadily in the first three quarters of 2020, largely driving it.
The driving factors are the following: first, the progressive commercialization of innovation results has played a key role in the growth of company performance; second, as the company ' s products are restructured, the non-resistible oncological products, which are represented by the film agent, have been growing steadily.
Industry income of $8,104 million, an increase of 17.13 per cent, was higher than the revenues of 2020q1 and 2020q2, and three quarters of company pd-1 products, Kareliad, were able to cope with a further four adaptive conditions (couples, non-small cell lung, liver and nasal cancer), as well as a new drug in the field of anaesthesia, a new drug called Rama collon.
Disaggregated, 4 new types of sartan amino tablets and guife tunney were approved for listing, and the third round of bid selections in the non-buzzat, kaper, thalayan, and Tansorosin release capsules with hydrochloric acids will lead to a sustained increase in research and development investment and a further acceleration in innovation research and development and internationalization.
Clinical trials for pharmaceuticals, totalling 50 clinical pilot projects, of which more than 30 were for malignant neoplasms, 1 Heung Swe Medicines (600276); the company ' s single or joint drug treatment programme, including the Carrelli Pearl Unit. The company went after it in the field of oncology.
Incentives stimulate a new medium- and long-term cycle, while maintaining a strong edge, clinical pilot projects continue to cover the areas of asthma, post-operative pain, haemorrhage, chronic hepatitis B, baldness, etc.
The agricultural product 2020-08-19 was certified as the country ' s first approved type of ammonium globromide injector, and the company had accumulated research and development costs of about 150 million yuan until the end of the year.
A little less than expected, the film agent remained stable, company sales revenue was significantly affected, business income was slower, but R & D rates were still on the rise.
3. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Company for Korea Crystalgenimics(cg) and hlb-ls, company internationalization layout is moving forward with slightly higher expectations, tumors, projectors
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board