Company evaluation report  The pharmaceutical industry pd-1 re-enhanced, aid company stands out for Heung Swe medicine (600276.sh)
The incident company issued an announcement on 17 December that it would inject carrillium singles against (1) the iii phase of combined chemotherapy for the treatment of late or transient non-small cell lung cancers at the main end of the clinical study; (2) the combined purple supremol and silicon for the end of the diet.
The major end point of the ii phase of clinical research for first-line cancer treatment has been the expansion of adaptive conditions, the advancement of drug use, and the company’s strong presence in the pd-1 field.
Competing power helps companies to emerge from competition by reviewing the global sales of Mersatonk and bmso drugs since 2015, with a steady increase in the global sales of k medicines, with a marked acceleration of q1-q2 in 2017 (k drugs were approved in three appropriate cases in 2015-2016).
In 2018, q2 exceeded the O, and in 2019, q3 was sold at a record $3.07 billion, while the single-quarter sales of the 0 drug remained at around $1.8 billion. Henry has now received four adaptives, and at the same time he has received four.
There's an adaptive at the stage of reporting, and the recent staircase of Nsclc and late esophagus cancer is at the stage of reporting, and the company will be at the top of the adaptive phase, showing a relatively deep 300-percent pattern.
We believe that further expansion of the company’s pd-1 adaptive condition and the upgrading of the drug status will help the company out of competition. The outcome of the health-care negotiations is to be expected, with sales peaking or ahead of schedule.
After entering the health insurance catalogue, the sales peak of the innovation drug will be ahead of schedule, and the sales peak that it took 7 to 10 years to reach may be reduced to 3-5 years.
In the domestic business, the company, which is an absolute leader in medicine, has taken the lead in the fields of tumors, anesthesia, and film-making agents. In the domestic business, the company weighs on the new drug Apadeni, Erechab, and has achieved high-speed discharges, 19k, cyloni, typhoonylpaly, pd-1 and more.
At the international level, the internationalization of companies continues, and the agent export business is expected to contribute to elasticity.
Corporate performance will continue to grow at a high rate in the future, with a net return profit forecast for 2020-2022 of 2020-12-03 as a strategic report for the pharmaceutical industry for the year 20201: a post-epidemiology “new” era, taking advantage of structural opportunities under the larger trend
On 17 December, the company issued an announcement that the iii phase clinical study using combined chemotherapy therapy for the treatment of late or transient forms of non-small cell lung cancer had reached the main end point; and (2) the ii phase clinical study for the treatment of cancer at the late end of the diet using combined purple supremol and silicon.
ii. Our analysis and perspective (i) further expands the adaptive situation, improves the status of the drug use, and demonstrates the firm’s strong competitive power in the pd-1 field.
Pd-1 single resistance or placebo combined violets and carpium are given once every three weeks, after which four or six cycles of co-treatment are completed, they enter the Kareli Pearl Line resistance or placebo for treatment until the disease progresses, the toxicity is intolerant, or other cases requiring termination of treatment.
The study included a total of 596 cases in a group of 1:1 random group of persons who received pd-1 single anti-coupled violet and combustine or placebot combined violet ol and co-moderated supremonium, with no more than six cycles of joint treatment.
The results of the study show that the injection of the carriedadol and platinum lines to treat patients with late-stage dietary cancer, and the combination of violetol and platinum first-line treatments can significantly prolong the patient’s lack of progress.
The expansion of adaptive disorders and the upgrading of drug use have helped companies to compete. Looking at the global sales of mezzadonk and bmso drugs since 2015, the global sales of k drugs have steadily increased, with a marked acceleration of q1-q2 in 2017 (k-drugs, 2015-2016, with three first-line treatments for adaptive disorders) and sales in 2018 q2 exceeding o and in 2019 q3 single-quarters.
This is a record $3.07 billion, while the sales of the o-drugs have remained at around $1.8 billion in the first quarter. Henry has now received four adaptives, while one is at the stage of reporting, and the recent expansion of Nsclc and late-stage carcinomas will help companies to compete.
Figure 1: Global sales of k drugs and o medicines (single quarter, US$ billion) (ii) Health insurance negotiations are expected, peak sales or early arrival
Four adaptives are included in the latest health-care catalogue, the price of which is reduced to around $3,000 per year, and the annual cost of treatment for patients will decrease from $1188,000 to $455 million. Innovative medicines will be included in the health-care catalogue through national health-care negotiations, resulting in a price-for-price swap, with sales peaks fast ahead.
For example, in February 19 it was approved for listing, the cost of treatment after pap (Pharmacological Assistance Programme) was approximately $188,000. In November 19 the health insurance negotiations led to the exclusive entry into the national health-care catalogue, reducing the cost of treatment to around $100,000 per year, taking into account 60-70% of health-care reimbursement rates in various locations, and the self-payment of individual treatments boycotted the cost of $3-4 million per year.
To increase the availability of medications for potential patients, sales have increased in an outbreak. For example, Apadaloni in Heung Ri is the world’s first small molecular anti-vascular target drug proven to be safe and effective in late stomach cancer, and a single drug that significantly prolongs survival after the failure of the standardized treatment for late stomach cancer.
37.02 per cent, but this has led to a significant increase in sales and a rapid increase in overall income. In 2018, the amount purchased in health-care institutions amounted to $1.741 billion, representing an increase of 68.37 per cent in total sales over the same period.
The company is an absolute leader in medicine in the country, and has taken the lead in the fields of neoplasm, anaesthesia, and cinematography. In its domestic business, the company, with a heavy load of new drugs, Apadeni, Erechab, has achieved a high-speed release of 19k, Cylonini, Fluffy Palli, pd-1 and more adaptive conditions, is expected to be marketed quickly, depending on the 20-year health catalogue and the strength of the company’s mature marketing channels.
In international business, the corporate internationalization strategy continues to evolve, and the agent export business is expected to contribute to elasticity. We value the company's innovative drug development and development risks; the drug price reduction risks; the market exposure risks below expectations. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Mon Yung Wei, Doctor of Biomedicine at Beijing University, has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. The professional competence is high, and the doctor is engaged in research and development of innovative medicines, deep involvement in pre-clinical research and clinical declarations of innovative medicines, familiarity with the industrial chain of innovative medicine development and innovation services, and understanding of changes in the landscape of the pharmaceutical industry and the industrial chain.
Liu Xing: Master of West Economics, Beijing University, Hong Kong Business School, and Bachelor of Life Sciences College. Joined the Chinese Galaxy Securities in 2018.