The Centre for Medical Health Research (CMS) has performed well as expected, with research and development proceeding smoothly, with a positive increase of 20.74 per cent in net profit from the year, overall performance meeting expectations, and research and development proceeding smoothly.
In the context of the epidemic, the company’s performance is growing steadily, with a projected acceleration of q3 new anti-cancer medications: the company’s income in the first three quarters was about $19.413 billion, or 14.57 per cent, compared to the previous quarter; the return to the mother was about $4.259 billion, or the same rate. In the context of the epidemic, the company’s performance is growing robustly, and the accelerated release of the tumor plate is expected to be significant (in the light of the new benefits).
In the future, health-care negotiations are about to begin, and many of the company’s products are expected to be selected: on 18 September, the National Health Insurance Institute published a plan for accelerating the release of anti-cancer plates.
The deadline for the approval of new medicines in the health insurance negotiations was adjusted from 2019.12.31 to 2020.8.17. National health-care negotiations, in exchange for prices, may be a new driver of growth.
Anti-pulmonary cancer, liver cancer, dietary cancer adaptations in 2020, Rematoni sulfonic acid, etc. 3. Corporate performance meets expectations, innovative drugs continue to be released.
Second-line nasal cancer treatment was identified as a breakthrough therapy, pd-l1 single anti-cell lung cancer for a limited time period 4. " Shr 1210 Hepatic cancer second line approved, domestic liver cancer clinical batch " . 2) Farmiconi clinical progress: 3 new clinical trials for head-to-head with Shoney.
3th Clinical Trials for the Treatment of Late Gastrointestinal Illomas, New Union Carreella Anti-and chemotherapy 5. " Corporate Performance Over-expected, Income Ring Accelerating Performance " , 2nd Clinic for the Treatment of Non-Step Nscicic, New Union Shr 1701 (pd-i1/tgfb)
For the treatment of late-stage malignant solid tumours. 3) Shr 1701 Clinical Progress: Joint chemotherapy for first-line terminal / transferary pancreatic cancer treatment into clinical stage 2 and Joint chemotherapy for non-cut Nsclc into clinical stage 3.) Other Progress: Fluorazole Pa for treatment of breast cancer in relapsing late stage
No. 3, N.G.U.A.A.G.A.G.A.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.S. for type 2 diabetes mellitus, hr18034 for long-acting local anaesthesia, approved clinical treatments, etc.) Overseas cooperation: Expeditious rights and interests are granted to Hlb Lifescienceco., Ltd., a company that expands overseas markets.
Given the fact that corporate innovation medicines will be marketed centrally and contribute to their performance, and that domestic and foreign high-quality generics have been approved, with steady growth in performance, we maintain a corporate “buy-in” rating. There is uncertainty about the progress of research and development of the eps to create innovative medicines in 2020-2022. There is uncertainty about the availability of generic and innovative medicines overseas.
There is uncertainty about the movement of items such as goods, investment returns, etc.. The pd-1 health insurance negotiations are uncertain.