The company's review report  The pharmaceutical industry, first national production of parp inhibitors, fluorine pa Henry medicine (600276.sh)
The incident company issued an announcement on December 17, in which it received a Certificate of Registration for Medicines, approved by the National Drug Control Authority.
Fluorine Palli is a parp inhibitor, capable of mutating brca mutation.
Dna damage caused by inhibitors cannot be repaired. So the parp inhibitor, as a molecular target, treats cancer mutation in brca.
The Bureau is doing well, and there are four globally approved parp suppressants for Olapali in Aslicon, Lucapali in Clovis, Nilapali in Gsk, and Talapali in Pfizer. There are two, respectively, for China.
According to data from the pdb sample hospital, sales in Alapani in 2019 amounted to 0.05 million yuan and in 2020.
In the first half of the year, sales amounted to 173 million yuan (incorporated into 2019 health insurance). Overall, the parp inhibitor is in a fast-discharge phase, with a good pattern of domestic competition.
Theoretically, it can kill multiple malignant tumours of brca mutagenic genes. Fluorine Pali has been approved as a repeat ovarian cancer (including tubal cancer, primaryity).
In addition to this, typhoid platinum or co-opatonini is already in the clinical stage of iii. There are a number of joint treatment programs with typhoon phthalitis, including:
Abitron is in the process of clinical development, combined with anti-pd-l1 antibody shr-1316, and treatment of multiple entity tumours for antimony. If it goes well, a number of adaptations will likely be marketed in the future to further improve the company’s competitiveness.
In the domestic business, the company, which is an absolute leader in medicine, has taken the lead in the fields of tumors, anesthesia, and film-making agents. In the domestic business, the company weighs on the new drug Apadeni, Erechab, and has achieved high-speed discharges, 19k, cyloni, typhoonylpaly, pd-1 and more.
Adaptives are approved for listing, and it is expected that the 20-year health insurance catalogue will be adapted and the company will be mature.
Queries: pd-1 re-enhanced adaptive, helper companies out-of-the-way, and agent export operations are expected to contribute to elasticity.
In the “new” era, taking advantage of the structural opportunities of the big trend, companies will continue to grow at a high rate in their future performance, with a net return profit forecast for 2020-2022 being the company's announcement of December 17, when the new phosphorus platinum capsule was approved for issuance by the National Drug Control Authority.
(i) Fluorine Pali is a parp inhibitor, a mutant tumor cell in bca, Fluorine Pali is a parap inhibitor, which can be used to treat cancer patients with mutated genes in brca. Polyglycerine diphosphate Nucleus (parp) is a key dna restoration enzyme, and this protein family consists of 17 members, including Parp1,
Parp2 et al. Parp1 is able to create a combination of polypolyadp sugar in the protein substrate through a combination of dna damage sites, thereby collecting more dna for protein restoration to the site of damage and completing dna damage repair. Parp inhibitors are enough to combine with parp1 or parp2 catalytic sites, resulting in a failure to extract the rapr protein from the dna damage site and thus guide it.
When you see it, the damage caused by the parp inhibitor can be repaired by hrr. When the mutation occurs, the damage caused by the parp inhibitor can't be repaired. As a molecular target, the inhibitor can be treated with precision for the mutation caused by the brca gene.
Figure 1: Parp inhibitor mechanism (ii) Fluorine Palli is the first national product to be marketed, and the market is competitive. At present, the global (United States) marketed parp suppressant has four paragraphs: Orapali, Aslicon.
There are two drugs in China that have been approved for the market, namely, Orapali in Aslicon (August 2018) and Nilapali in Gsk (December 2019). There are also $173 million in sales in the first half of 2020 (incorporated into health insurance in 2019).
(iii) Fluorine Pali singles or combinations of multiple adaptives are at the clinical stage of the iii stage, with potential for lifetime rp inhibitors as a broad-range molecular target to treat drugs, which can theoretically kill multiple brcakis.
In addition to this, sulfonol or combined aparni treats ovarian cancer, breast cancer, and pancreatic cancer are at the stage of clinical research. There are a number of co-operative treatment programs for sulfonari, including:
With Abitron, several entity tumours are in clinical development for co-treatment with anti-pd-l1 antishr-1316 and anti-pd-l1 antimony. If it goes well, many of the adaptive disorders in the future will likely be marketed to further improve the competitiveness of companies.
The company’s heavy load of new drugs, Apadeni, Ere Schebb, has made a high-speed release, with 19k, cylonini, typhoon Palli, pd-1 over-adaptation approved for sale, and is expected to be rapidly released with the advantage of 20 years of health-care catalogue adjustment and the company’s mature sales channels. On the international front, the company’s internationalization strategy has continued, and the agent export business is expected to contribute to elasticity.
Innovative drug research and development risks; drug price reduction risks; market exposure risks less than expected; research and development risks less than expected I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Meng Yung Wei: Doctor of Biomedicine, Beijing University. Specially qualified, while doing research and development work on innovative medicines, deep involvement in pre-clinical research and clinical declarations on innovative medicines, familiarization with the industrial chain of innovative drug research and development and innovation services, and understanding of changes in the landscape and industrial chain of the pharmaceutical industry. Joined the China Galaxy Securities in 2018. Liu Xing: Master of Western Economics, Beijing University Hong Kong Business School, Bachelor of Life Sciences College. Joined the Chinese Galaxy Securities in 2018.