The three-quarterly review of the state's performance continues to increase at a very high pressure.
The three-quarter performance announcement stated that net profits attributable to parent owners in the first three quarters were 2,316 million yuan, an increase of 35.74 per cent over the same period in the previous year; operating income was 17.16 billion yuan, an increase of 25.23 per cent over the same period in the previous year: basic earnings per share were 0.52 yuan, an increase of 23.81 per cent over the same period in the previous year. The net profits attributable to parent owners in the third quarter of the company were 964 million yuan, an increase of 19.09 per cent over the same period in the previous year; operating income was $6,603 million, an increase of the same year.
The increase of 34.44 per cent over the period; a basic gain of 0.21 dollars per share, or 5 per cent over the same period in the previous year. 1. Gross package operations accounted for an increase in revenue from boosters. 25.23 per cent and 35.74 per cent of corporate revenue and net profit growth in the first three quarters of 2018, respectively, continued the positive upward trend this year, mainly from electricity.
Net automation, information communication, and engineering integration are growing rapidly. The company ' s Māori ratio for the first three quarters was 27.71%, a decrease of 2.3 pct from 2017, as a result of changes in the structure of the product, and the overall Māori ratio was reduced by an increase in the share of the total package.The company ' s financial costs for the previous three quarters were significantly reduced, with a financial cost of -0.7%, a decrease of 1.08 pct from 2017, mainly due to an increase in exchange rate.
2. Market expansion and major engineering are advancing steadily.
In the bid for the ultra-high voltage transmission project, the company won a bid of $2.5 billion for the first tender for model equipment for the test of the North-Soften Direct Electricity Network, and the second bid for equipment took orders for protective equipment, automation equipment, on-line monitoring systems, and stabilization devices. In the public tender for high-voltage, high-end, direct-flow equipment from Guangdong Guangxit at the Udong power station, the company won the bid.
In the area of power generation equipment, the company has contracted the magnetic systems of all 16 1,000-mw water turbine units on the right and left of the three gorge crane banks. The growing number of major engineering orders attests to the company’s excellent technical capabilities and will enhance its future performance.
In the area of ultra-high voltage transmission, companies have outstanding technical capabilities and good supply performance, particularly in the area of direct-flow transmission equipment. Direct transmissions are relatively different from exchange transmissions, characterized by high transmission capacity, distance from delivery, and low line losses, with large-scale applications in newly approved long-range ultra-high-voltage transmission projects.
In September, the National Energy Agency will speed up the construction of nine ultra-high-pressure projects, including 12 ultra-high-pressure projects, with a total investment of nearly 200 billion yuan, seven of which will be delivered directly. In October, 23.1 billion direct-voltage transmission projects, ranging from the Green Sea to Henan, were approved by the National Development Commission as the first approved project after the super-high-pressure restart.
The company is a leading company in the second equipment sector in the country, with electricity network automation, continued growth in information and communication services, and an increase in the share of the total package business, which drives performance growth, and a revival of the super-pressure project, which gives more certainty to the growth of the company's performance. We expect the company to earn a separate operating income from 2018 to 2020.
There's a decline in investment in the grid, a slowdown in approval of the super-high-pressure project, a source of Eastern wealth, a source of Eastern finance.
Yang Jom, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of portfolio research experience, good at capturing the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing of the research assistant.
He Dynasty Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Master of Science and Technology, 4 years of work experience in the nuclear power industry, 3 years of work experience in the international energy engineering industry, and joined the East Hing Portfolio in 2018 for electricity equipment and new energy research.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.