A single-season Māori rate fluctuates, and the long-term logic of performance growth is clear. Companies publish three-quarters reports in 2018, and corporate revenue and net return profits in January-September 2018, respectively, break upwards at the company ' s q3 battalion, but Māori rates and net interest rates are under pressure.
The q3 Māori rate and net interest rate were 28.02 per cent and 15.52 per cent, respectively, and the corresponding decline in the rate of recovery and net profit growth was somewhat short of scissors, which were judged to be related to the rapid growth of the Māori-lower power distribution, transformer power station and epc aggregate. Moreover, no financial measurement of impairment of assets in accounts receivable was taken into account this year.
The impact of the guidelines has been a 14 per cent increase in the estimated net return profits of the company in the previous three quarters. The company has increased its efforts to control overheads and sales costs in the last two years, and in the previous three quarters, the cost of sales, the cost of administration, and 0.36 pct. 27 pct.
The energy Internet transition has become much clearer, and the acceleration of investment in electricity and information and communication continues to be the highest in the year.
Wide connectivity, intelligent interaction, flexibility, security control, and open sharing of five features highlight the need for a structured investment direction from 3.
There will be a certain high level of certainty in the management of the grid, the automation of the movement control system, and the security and stability of the grid.
In the second half of the year, the electricity network was expected to boost the company’s orders faster than it was expected to do. The first half of the year saw a sharp decline in the electricity network’s investment, which was planned early in the year.
In the future, investments in the grid will be concentrated on super-high voltage (soften) and on the construction side of the grid, and the 12 super-voltage lines approved this year are expected to bring companies about 4.5 billion orders, plus this year's winning 3.5 billion orders in Zhang north and Utungde, and the future growth in the performance of the super-voltage is expected to pick up rapidly.
As a leader in domestic power grid equipment, it is also highly competitive internationally, and stock prices are currently on track; investment in grid automation is not as high as expected; trade between China and the United States has escalated; and the expansion of emerging industries may not be as high as expected.
The company q3 registered a positive increase of $6,603 million, or 34.44 per cent, in the first quarter of the year. The positive impact was a change in the company’s financial measurement guidelines for accounts receivable from the previous three quarters, with corporate receivables (receivables, other receivables).
The range of bad debt preparation accounts has been reduced, and all associated customer receivables within the original national grid consolidation are not counted as bad.