In the three-quarterly review of the state's power supply, revenue has increased significantly, and the super-pressure has given rise to long-term certainty.
▪ The company issued three quarterly reports in 2018, which generated business income of $17.16 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 25.23 per cent. The net profit of the parent company was 2,315.0 million, an increase of 35.74 per cent in the same year.
Billion treatments; 15.2% increase in the same year, after deducting the above two impacts.  Income depends on a high increase in the gross package and the Māori rate drops by 2.2 pct simultaneously.
The growth in total contracting, especially for the ICT and network projects, was faster than the growth in the original hardware equipment: following a narrow cut in the soft-plate, orders increased significantly during the same period, with more than 3.5 billion orders in hand in the soft-line projects of Zhang north (the winning bid of 2.5 billion) and Utungde (the winning bid of 1 billion), of which the firmness of the order was confirmed.
Cost increases range from 6.5 to 2,217 million yuan over the same period, falling by .228 pct to €120 million over the same period, and financial costs are contributing mainly to an increase of 6 billion yuan in financing in the first half of the year, an increase of 2.04 billion yuan over the beginning of the period.
As a result of the transfer to listed companies, an accelerated construction notice was issued early in the month, and the first Qinghai-nan route was approved on 25 October, and no new space was made available.
In the next 2-3 years, there will be 12 direct-flow lines approved for bidding, bringing direct and indirect orders of nearly 10 billion dollars and increasing the certainty of performance; the current d5,000 dispatch system, which has been rolled out since 13 years, from model provincial companies to national transfers, has continued for almost 5-6 years.
High-quality order abundance 2017-07-30 Starts over time; ICT operations will have three major building blocks to build in the future, one for the upgrade of spg and the second for the three clouds -- dispatch clouds, corporate management clouds, industrial and regulatory services clouds (tob, toc), and the third.
One is power grid construction, and Nan Shwe will get some orders as a general contractor. A new round of ultra-high-pressure orders will land, while a new upgrade of power software and hardware will be brought about by a higher proportion of new energy sources and the electricity market (especially the spot market) and profits will increase or start a new round.
Long; igbt R&D represents a high point in electricity and electricity, and the pace of national production is worth focusing on. Multiply, the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board