The company recently published its three-quarters report in 2018, and the company achieved revenue in the first three quarters of the year.
Billion dollars, 35.74 per cent over the same period; 0.52 dollars per share, 25.40 per cent over the same year. Companies are listed under the national grid, with two strong power grids: I automate the national electricity system, super/high pressure/direct transmission, soft sex/direct transmission
Suppliers of technology, equipment, services and overall solutions in the fields of electricity, hydropower automation, orbital traffic monitoring and industrial control, integrated energy, etc.
It's the Nanjing Nanxie Group, a real platform for listing under the national grid. The faster net gain in q3 registered in the current period was actually in line with expectations: three-quarterly returns were equal: 25.23 per cent, with a 20.09 per cent increase in mid-2018; and net profits were three-quarters higher.
The higher rate of growth, the lower rate of net profit, in fact, was the net profit in 2018, after a net gain of 50.77 per cent over the same period, after accounting changes were actually offset by a net gain of 50.7 per cent over the reporting period.
In the future, the company is expected to continue to maintain steady performance.
On September 3, 2018, the National Energy Agency issued a priority project on accelerating the construction of a power transmission package.
The project includes 12 ultra-high-pressure projects, with a total capacity of 57 million kilowatts, which will be reviewed over the next two years.
High-pressure and networking are among those that have technological advantages and are expected to contribute to faster growth of corporate orders and better performance in the future, with super-high-pressure construction. Keep looking at the company’s second-time equipment performance prospects.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.