Song Qiuming Participants: Jo Ning, Director of Investment, increased by 35.74% from the same year, as expected. The company benefits from the intelligentness of the grid, and the backbone is robust.
At the same time, flexible direct-flow operations will benefit from a peak in super-high-pressure construction, with strong performance growth over the next 1-2 years. Companies achieved 17.2 billion operating revenues in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 25%, and a net return to their mothers of 2.3 billion, an increase of 36%.
Three lines have been cleared, the Qinghai River South line has been set up, and performance over the next two years is high.o: this high-pressure construction peak order is roughly large, the company’s market share in the high-pressure area is currently very high.
a: This super-high-pressure construction has a total of nine lines of 12, plus two soft lines approved this year: the north and Utunde routes have a total of 14 lines, 11 of which are on the south net, with an aggregate size of around 180 billion.
The bid is close to 6 billion, Nanse-related products close to 3 billion, Nanse-san won 1 billion, and the market is about 33%. In historical terms, Nan-Sil's bid rate is around 40%.
The construction cycle is two and a half years. From historical experience, the construction cycle is eight months to one and a half years, and the direct stream project is one to three years. The recently approved Qinghai River is one month away from the start of the bidding process, and it is expected that the bidding process will begin between the end of December and January next year, and that the other two approved projects are currently under way.
The bid has not yet started. The low income of the super-pressure plate this year is mainly due to the lower number of orders deferred from the past. This year, there are two ad hoc orders from North and Utunde, which will contribute a certain amount of revenue next year, and the 12 lines built this time are expected to start to perform in the second half of 19 and 2020.
o: Is it a secret to Nanry's concern that people in the ultra-high pressure industry are not skilled enough to depress the pressure?a: We are leading both nationally and internationally in terms of our technical standards, and some of the high-pressure technical indicators and brackets are.
In China, some of the gaps have been created and filled. This is what technological progress requires. Just as the low voltage crossing in the wind field that was encountered in previous years is no longer a problem, the power grid, the power grid, and the power level of the distribution grid are all driving technological development, and newer technologies are needed to solve problems in practice.
Pilots of high-pressure construction, initial construction, and even so far, have been opposed, but as an enterprise we just need to produce our own products and upgrade our technology.q: Automation plates are growing at a higher rate, 50% in the first half of the year, for reasons of faster growth.
a: Investment in the grid has indeed declined this year, and the company's operations and profits have continued to grow, mainly as a result of changes in the network's investment structure, which has involved an increasing proportion of the second-intellectualization, the company's operations, mainly in the area of automation and a range of products such as surveillance protection, the second-part increase in the share of the company, and the second-part increase in the share of the company.
o: Future grid trendsa: current power supply and demand are generally balanced and partially uneven, future rapid growth in sectors including large circuits, computers etc., future power use will be larger, and demand for grids must be short-term.
Movement control, readjustment of long-term power supply structures, reduction in the share of fire power in the share of new energy.o: In the context of the current infrastructure patches, is there a clear recovery in future grid investment?a: the superpressure is a very certain piece, with the Energy Agency in its gear, and some have already approved the start of work, meaning that
In addition, since this year, there has been an increase in the share of grid investment in secondary areas, which has contributed positively to the company’s business. In our area, grid investment must be in addition to: the development of industrial control operations this year and future planning.
(a) The industrial control operations in Nanry are mainly two units, one of which is a orbital traffic direction, including integrated monitoring of the subway, electrical monitoring, signals, etc., and a rail-direction and power-related project. The other is the energy-saving adaptation of the enterprise’s customers and the provision of electrical equipment by industrial enterprises with large amounts of petrochemicals and steel metallurgy.
Industrial control operations have developed relatively smoothly, with less fluctuations in income per year, but the rate of increase has not been particularly high to o: the development of the company ' s power-filling pillar operation and the reasons for the poor market development of the power-filling pillar carrier, a: the charge-stocks account for a relatively low share of total revenue, estimated at hundreds of millions, and the revenues are attributed to grid automation plates.
Nanry has three main players in the field of charge-posting, the first being the provider of equipment, the provision of flexible hardware products, stumps, transportation systems, etc., the second being the provision of system integration and packages, and the third being the provision of charge-in-charge boards for large companies, bus stations, logistics companies, etc. We are also concerned about the current push for power charging.
Gear construction will have a positive impact on Nanry's income. There is no operational component, mainly providing equipment and system integration, mainly because the current operating model in the country has fewer profit-makers, most of which are losing money and have large gaps and are now operating better for the first profit.
The profit is Shenzhen. Taking into account the soundness of the factors, we may be involved in the operation of the chargeposts when the entire industry is warming, or when there is a general profit. The main factors affecting the profitability of the charger posts include land costs, grid access, and electricity price approvals.
The most important factor is the frequency of use, which increases the use of the chargeposts. The profits are now better tied to the company, the bus station, at least back, plus the additional benefits that can be gained in the course of the operation (small sales at the gas station or advertising, etc.).
o: The reasons for the faster growth (36 per cent in the first half of the year) of ICT operations, the main client is a: the information and communication business performed well in the first half of the year and grew faster, and in 16 years we had already predicted that it was a fast-growing section, and that it was an important part of the restructuring of the Nanseo Group into assets.
As a whole, the national network has promoted the development of information on the grid, particularly in the wake of the “diplomatic event”, which has placed greater demands on information security. The network has also increased the construction of corporate clouds and wireless networks, and has continued to increase its investment in the area of information generation and has gradually increased its share of investment in the entire network.
Products: Companies ' products in the IT field, split by hardware, with hardware switches, routers, quantum communication devices, servers, etc., with [t-framed base platforms, high-end software, etc.]. In the case of smart cities, information security, big information, and grid control production, with hardware.
Turn off the product, Nanxi's product is becoming more diversified, adapting to the needs of the grid and expanding into a system. The plate will continue to grow in the short term, not to be prejudged, but the trend is more pronounced.
There's a small amount of medical information, electricity-generating group customers. Companies have been connected to the grid a long time ago, and have become more automated, and require a communications interface, so the power network has a clear advantage, and the customer's will has been precisely captured, so it's developed faster and better.
Market size and competitor: NCN has multiple subjects, five branches of its headquarters, from the open market, and we can only see the size of the NCN headquarters, with a net information business of 5 billion, which is only a small public part of the headquarters, with more players involved in the business of Nam Rui.
Competing is a national network network, a company that was removed from Nanxia a few years ago, and all the links to information and communication remain in Nanxi, business management, erp, etc. are located in the country, and our division of labour and positioning is clearly different, but they stem from the same technology used by a group of people.
So the cake was shared more or less.o: Is the future distribution of electricity more different from the company's business after it was released?a: yes, our share of the national grid is declining, and the future will be as the bulk of the grid grows.
It's good for us to have more customers. More than 300 districts have been asked to build an incremental distribution grid in terms of policy requirements, but the push is not fast. There are a variety of problems, such as not being aware that it's a big cake and promoting it.
It's a good way to build, or have a problem with equity, a big investment of money, etc. We've also invested in a few incremental grid projects, we've gained experience, we've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do in the future.
o: The company's development of igbt, which would be competitive for us in the middle-car era?a: the middle-car era has been cultivated for almost 10 years, in the high-iron sector, where the high-iron voltage levels are relatively low, for the grid, the middle-car era also needs to develop new products, and they have some knowledge of electricity, but not Nanry.
It's so deep. Nanwe's been growing up in the igbt for a while, and it takes some time. From the igbt domestic market, more than 90% is imported, the high pressure part of abb, the middle and low pressure has English flyers, and the six major semiconductors are basically gathering in China to supply their products.
It's good. There's an industry-wide project in the country, and there's a dozen people in the design core in the middle-car era, two or three people in the top team abroad, but we're thinking about building a ladder, so there's a dozen people in the team, and we're doing a lot of research and development.
We can also seek cooperation in the area of encapsulation, or set up our own platforms to rapidly industrialize.