Reverse transformer taps are strong and stored with bright eyes - Sunshine Power (300274), mid-year 2021 annual report rating, net return to mother 757 million yuan (year-on-year +69.68 per cent) and net profit to non-replacement to mother $720 million (year-on-year)
Reverse transformers, high growth in storage capacity, increase in the Māori ratio \triangleright power plant investment and development revenue of 2,689 million yuan (same-25.86 per cent) and storage system revenue of 920 million yuan (same-same)
Compared with the trend of depth of 300, the wind and power transformer operations have maintained a high increase, the storage and energy operations have erupted under a continuous configuration, and the power plant development operations have experienced a decline in revenue from the first half of the year, which has been affected by price increases in the industrial chain, and are expected to accelerate recovery in the second half of the year.
The Māori rate has risen considerably, mainly through an increase in overseas sales (50.7 per cent) and higher revenue from storage operations. The company ' s combined Māori rate has risen as a result of a decline in the Rāori power plant development business. Cost: q2 has slightly increased, with a cost rate of 17.21 per cent for the period (ibid. +6.64 pt, ring + 2.34 pt), dominated by
The cost of the downside of power station operations is reduced compared to the same period last year. The inverter is firmly positioned and continuously optimizes the channels and product layout \triangleright
The company is the leader of a photovoltaic reverse transformer, with a cumulative delivery of 182gw, 2021h1 to 28gw as of June 2021. The company continues to optimize the distribution of channels and products, with dynamic emerging markets and household markets abroad, with the highest rates in India, Australia, Korea, the Middle East, North Africa, and Southern Africa, with an increase of 6 per cent in the number of counter-distribution stations for Chinese households.
Over and above. With the product coverage, the distributed medium- and low-power inverter spectrum is further enriched, and the release of the 300kw+ Large Power Group Inverter, as well as the light storage of the 1+x modular inverter, is expected to result in a major innovation of the traditional centralized inverter.
Corporate storage systems are widely used in mature electricity markets such as the United States, the United Kingdom and Germany: side-markets for power generation, technological accumulation and synergy of company development operations based on inverters and power stations, with significant efficiency gains from the 1,500v pan-site storage system solution; user-side markets, where companies are active and business storage systems. Companies continue to take advantage of wind and light synergies and innovations.
Research assistant: Li Kyung-po, who is expected to be a new growth pole for the company to achieve a full-scale layout, is expected to grow. Because of the overall positive light demand, the company’s capacity to grow faster, we adjust profit projections, and the company is expected to grow.
Sunshine Power (300274): optimized business structure, double light storage. 61 times p-ttm, reference industry, maintains a “recommended” rating.
Sunshine Power (300274) 2020 performance forecast point Photovoltaics less than expected and the price of raw materials increased significantly.
Fast-growing vouchers, East Wu securities, and Chinese securities, joined in August 2020. Dinya, a multi-year research experience in the photovoltaic industry, worked in Solarzoom, New Age securities, and in December 2020.
Li Kyung-po, who has five years of experience in the motor industry at Shanghai Transport University, joined the civil securities industry in February 2021 and is mainly responsible for new energy vehicles, and whose authors possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensuring that the data used in the reports are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of the analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality and not being influenced or influenced by any third party,