Shinjiyama's power supply (300274.sz) is strong and rapidly expanding in storage capacity.
720 million yuan, +75.23 per cent; of this amount, q2 achieved operating income of $4,863 million in a single season, with a higher Māori rate and a slightly higher cost over the period.
Market data: 1 September 2021 compared to +2.44 pct, in which the financial cost rate was the same as +1.09 pct, mainly due to the increase in exchange rate losses on the same basis, the company has sunk its losses through forward foreign exchange products.
Market value of circulationa shares (billions): Photovoltaic inverters: sustaining globalization and research and development to consolidate new product advantages. During the reporting period, companies actively seized new and emerging markets as they continued to consolidate traditional photovoltaic markets, such as those in Europe and America and China.
Markets. Companies have now established 20+ branches abroad, with 200+ service points in the five largest service regions of the world, with India, Australia, Korea, the Middle East, and parts of Africa accounting for the largest share of cities. Companies have focused on R & D inputs at a cost of 6.18% over the reporting period, compared to 1.84 pct.
On the other hand, the company released a number of new items for different applications and launched a photo-integration model, with sustained efforts to meet market demand and address user pains.
\triangleright Family Storage Energy System and 50kw~1mw/2~5h Distributed Storage Energy System and successfully entered ITC Section A at 69 West Street, U.S., E. and Taiwon
According to the China-Koji Village Storage Energy Industries Technical Union, which launched the White Reserve Energy Industry Study, China Sea Book 2021, Peace Lixi Street, Beijing City, the company has been in the world for the first five years in a row, and the stock continues to explode.
The International Center, on the 7th floor, is expected to be the second largest growth in the company.
The power plant development business has contracted, and the wind currenter business has grown steadily. Corporate electricity -19.49pc - showed a marked contraction in the share of the business during the reporting period.
The wind currenter business, which is the fourth largest operating block of the company, received $476 million in real revenue during the reporting period, i.e. +37.90 per cent of the year, representing 5.80 per cent of the total revenue, and remained largely stable.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, and I will not.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.