The Reverse has maintained a high growth rate and increased production has consolidated its leadership status The Sun Power (300274) 2021 semi-annual performance rating: Sun Power Disclosure 2021 semi-annual report and $8.210 billion in operating income in the first half of 2021
The first half of the year was marked by a significant increase in the Maori rate and a further deepening of the global landscape.
By June 2021, sunlight power had accumulated over 182gw in reverse equipment. In the first half of this year, companies in India, Australia, Korea, the Middle East, North Africa, and Southern Africa accounted for the largest share of photovoltaic reverses in Japan, Europe and the country.
In the first half of the year, the company generated 3,591 million yuan, an increase of 27 August 2021.
In the first half of 2021, the company was able to grow at a high rate of 920 million yuan, an increase of 267.38% over the same period.
New energy + storage is a key support for scaling up under the current pressure of light storage parities on the Internet Technologies and a significant increase in global storage capacity. The company launched the 5~10kw/9.6~102.4kwh household storage system and the 50kw~1mw/2~5h distributed storage energy system, which has been approved in the global market.
The company’s storage system is now widely used in mature electricity markets such as the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, etc., to enhance the depth of wind storage. The company’s storage system’s operations are growing rapidly, becoming a new growth point for the company.
In the first half of the year, the company proposed to raise funds not exceeding $3.64 billion for the expansion of the 70gw light-volatile converter.
The 15gw wind currents, the 15gw storage energy transformer capacity, the expansion of research and development centers, and the construction of a global marketing service system will further consolidate global flagship status as capacity continues to grow. The rating system’s “market index” reference is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.