The advantage of the long-term supply chain has been magnified, and storage has been able to unleash elasticity, with the company's fundamentals increasing by 18 per cent and the mother's net profit by $760 million, a 70 per cent increase; of these, q2 was operational in a single season.
Revenues of $4.86 billion, 4.5 per cent less than year-on-year, and net returns to mothers of $370 million, an increase of 29 per cent compared to year-on-year growth. In a steady increase in in inverse profitability, the “deficit core” highlights the advantage of the long-line supply chain: the first half of the year, photovoltaic invertors generated $3.59 billion, compared to +54.5 per cent, measured against the volume of goods of approximately 17-18gw; and the Māori ratio.
38.15%, corresponding to +3.83pt, and under the pressure of this year's chip price increases, the company's ability to make a profit, with its excellent supply chain management capacity and its product structure optimized (high Māori ratio product ratio rises), is expected to continue with the company's supply chain advantage in the second half of the year, when the chip's tension continues.
1. " Inverter-driven short-term upswing, opening platform advantage " , influenced by higher prices of raw materials, the first half of the year confirmed a slower pace, and the traditional season is expected to recover in the second half of the year: 2.69 billion yuan, or 25.9 per cent, in the first half of the year, for power plant development operations, the Māori rate was 13 per cent, the same as in the second half of the year.
Compared to +5.7 pc. With the sharp rise in raw material prices, the domestic grid of centralized power plants in the first half of the year was only 5.4gw, compared to 24.2 per cent in the previous year, and the volume of revenues generated from the company ' s power plant development operations declined, and the company ' s pec operations are expected to resume growth and start making profits as domestic demand returns in the second half of the year.
The share of storage services has increased rapidly and is expected to benefit from power side storage capacity in 2022: in the first half of the year, it is expected that the new energy security/marketization grid will require the deployment of 10 per cent (2h)/15 per cent (4h) in 2022, with a minimum requirement for measuring side side side of power demand
More than 20gwh (more than three times the increase in the same year). Based on the company’s experience with the integration of large power station passenger resources and a wealth of storage energy systems, it is expected that the storage capacity will be released quickly next year.
With an inventory of $5.775 billion, an increase of $1.9 billion from the end of last year, companies responded to the shortage of raw materials by increasing the availability of core components, such as igbt, in the first half of the year, helping to safeguard the company ' s ability to maintain stability in the second half of the year while achieving a high rate of growth in the output of inverters.
(8621), 61357595 UWW, based on the company's semi-annual reports of profits from its operations, a small increase of 21-23 years of net profits is 28.3,
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment