Sunshine Power Source Financial Reporting Keys: In the first half of 2021, corporate operating income increased by $1.827 to $8.210 billion on a year-on-year basis.
To 757 million yuan. Of this amount, electricity conversion equipment such as power plant development, photovoltaic converters, etc., earned a share of the revenue. The business is photovoltaic converters, wind transformers, storage systems, new energy vehicle-driven systems, water-surface photovoltaic equipment, intelligence.
This represents 50.7 per cent, an increase of 16.47 percentage points over the 2020 level (34.23 per cent). Energy services, etc., are the country's largest light-volatile reverse transformer, with the fastest growth in storage operations, with incomes of 267 to 920 million yuan per year in the first half of the year, representing the same share of income.
A number of projects, such as the Qinghait high voltage base power configuration project, the largest photovoltaic competitive storage project in the interior, and the 10mw/10mwha wind storage mix in the lake south, provide a holistic solution. We believe that the company’s storage capacity has a deep technical build-up, is more synergizing with the photovoltaic reverse transformer, power station development, etc.
The project is safe and well marketed, and the industry is expected to continue to lead the way in the future. $2.418 billion will be invested in a new energy generation facility-building base project with 100 gw per year. If it is completed, the company will add 70 gw to the production capacity of its photovoltile converter, wind transformer, and storage-reverter products, respectively.
15gw, 15gw. There has been a significant increase in capacity compared to existing production capacity. This additional application has been approved for registration by the SEC.
The National Association of Photovoltaic Industries predicts that the year 2021-2025 will see the addition of new photovoltaics 210~260gw worldwide, with competitive advantages such as high-level, internal and external marketing strategies, and the prospect of a long-term sharing of industrial development dividends through the active expansion of production and the development of a second factory overseas. We anticipate that the company will have photo-reverse transformers, storage systems, etc.
With a view to maintaining industry leadership, synergies in technology, marketing, etc. will support the development of major industries, and overseas markets will contribute to significant business growth. Maintaining the “recommended” rating: no increases are considered, and we expect the company to return its share of net profits in 2021-23.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the power source of sunlight (300274).
Cheng Dan Dan, Securities and Trade Unions, abb, editions 2017 and 2018-2019: invited as guest speaker for the Swedish Green Traffic Congress 2018.
Shen Yifan, Master of Arts, Cornell University, New York University, formerly employed in the construction of the Huadong Power Design Institute in China, five years of infrastructure development experience, participated in the design of various types of power stations, including fire power, nuclear power, hydroelectric power, combustion, photovoltaic, wind power, garbage power generation, July 2018.
China People’s University, Master’s degree in economics, Bachelor’s degree in materials science and engineering from Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to study electrical equipment and new energy industries, mainly in the direction of the new energy automobile industry.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Sunshine Power (300274): Overseas revenue is more than half of the total, and storage is more efficient without any guarantee that the information and advice involved will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.