First half of the year 2020. August 14th 2020 Research Assistant: Lui Kuo-chung.
q2’s performance recovered at a faster rate, and the return on investment increased significantly. The company’s main business of cro and cdmo.
The market value of listed companies has risen, increasing the fair change in the value of some of the company’s non-current financial assets, as well as the return on investment.
Drug Analysis Services (DAS) collects $3.780 billion, or 26.46 per cent of the year; US District Laboratory Services (mechanical testing and gene therapy) collects $782 million, or +10.14 per cent of the year; and other coro services (P$ 1 billion, or +25.84 per cent of the year).
q1 and q2 achieved revenues of $3,188 million and $4,044 million, respectively, representing a 100% retention rate for the top 10 clients compared to +15.09% respectively. “Long tails” and “following” strategies worked, with companies earning 94.5% of the income from their original clients and 5.5% from new customers.
Net interest rates have increased significantly, and the number of projects has remained high. In the first half of the year, the company achieved a Māori rate of 36.90 per cent, with the same ind declarations as 13 new research drugs, and obtained clinical trial batches for nine projects.
The company is currently working on 26 mah projects, including four commercial production projects. The company continues to build capacity and scale.
In July, Chengdu’s research and development centre became operational. The investment proposal is that the company is the leader of our pharmaceutical outsourcing industry and covers the entire research and development process.
The impact of the epidemic has dissipated, performance growth has returned to benign growth, and output expansion has progressed well. We expect periods, exchange-rate risk, increased competition in the industry, and a decline in the growth of pharmaceutical research and development inputs.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.