Reverse growth highlights the core advantages, and the full scale of the future can be achieved on the 14th of August, 2020.
28.85 per cent; net operating cash flow of 1,436 million yuan, an increase of 46.47 per cent over the same period.  Core advantages continue to work, and regional operations in China recover rapidly. Corporate q1 operations have been affected by the epidemic, with a 29.41 per cent increase in business income and net profit returns in the first quarter of the q2 quarter, respectively.
In the first half of the year, 1) the company earned 3,780 million dollars, an increase of 26.47% compared to 26.47%.
On hand orders are growing; 2) cdmo/cmo earns 2,162 million yuan, an increase of 25.83% over the same period. Under the umbrella of the entire pharmaceutical industry, the technological advantages of process development are fully realized, bringing new clinical and commercial projects and expanding capacity to companies; 3) US district laboratory services are infestationed
The impact was 782 million yuan, a deceleration of growth to 10.12 per cent, but the company seized the opportunity to gain access to the hemocellular therapy production project and to make a breakthrough in the income from medical equipment testing services, which was 5.92 per cent more than the previous year, and the q2 outbreak, which was contained, was expected to accelerate the income of the plate.
In the first half of the year, the business portfolios of the company had an impact on the growth of the company’s incentives for key talent. In terms of cost rates, the net profit on sales was 3.80%, and the net profit on non-ifrs was 38.2%.
Point, mainly as a result of cost-sharing of equity incentive schemes; R & D cost 4.61 per cent, higher than the previous year; Supermarket expectations, higher performance by the main industry, plus 0.48 percentage points, mainly due to increased company exposure to dna coded compounds, drug discovery flats.
Reverse expansion of the company has led to short-term profit absorption, but net interest rates for the first half of the year2 and Pharmación Conduit (603259): Innovative pharmaceutical products have been converted to investment returns of $350 million, measured at fair value, and their changes have been factored into current gains and losses.
The company “Integration, 29th of the 29th of January, issued a plan to expand cdmo/cmo production capacity to meet rapid business growth.
With a scale effect, companies are expected to fully enjoy the dividends of the global cxo industry’s shift to China. With the benefits of the epidemic, the Chinese region’s overseas orders are expected to increase steadily, releasing room for growth.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board