202002 performance returned to normal levels, and the trend towards an improvement in the income end-of-cycle ratio is expected to continue throughout the year - the semi-annual performance of Pharmacén Condé in 2020 was evaluated quickly and net profit from deductions and deductions to mothers was $72,331 million, 1.717 billion and 1,131 million, respectively, representing an increase of 22.68 per cent and 22.68 per cent, respectively, respectively.
\triangleright services and the rapid growth of cdmo operations have led to increased profitability.
Based on the improvement in the income end-of-end ratio of 2019,q1-q4, it is clear that if the income and profit levels of 2020q1 were deducted from this trend by two weeks, we expect this to be mainly the result of: 1) 2020q2 overseas clients being partially closed off by the epidemic laboratory, resulting in drug discovery and the transfer of cdmo orders from overseas clients to the country; 2) due to the Chinese region on the other hand
It is also likely that it will accelerate the pace at which stock orders for liquidity digestion, capacity utilization and business efficiency are increasing, leading to lower cost rates and higher efficiency, leading to a sharp increase in profits at the end of q2. We believe that the trend of improving corporate income loops in the second half of the year is likely to continue, focusing on the core competitiveness of alpha attributes.
Taking into account the fact that the epidemic has affected a relatively large share of corporate income from laboratory services and cdmo, we believe that the trend of improving corporate income loops in the second half of the year is likely to continue. In the short term, the epidemic is affecting US district laboratories.
The service business and the coro and smo business have had some impact, but we suggest that we focus on the company’s leading advantage in building up its alpha properties from a longer dimension, such as cell/genotherapy layout, protac platform, early drug screening platform, etc. We believe that the company’s massive investment in new technologies/platforms is gradually being exchanged.
Current performance is expected to gradually become the driving force behind steady growth in future performance, with industry taking the lead and maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Net profit gains are evident, looking at the risks of uncertain macro-environmental changes leading to a decline in global investment in innovative drug research and development; the risk of internationalization expansion leading to a decline in related business or poor growth; and the wind of weak growth of new business due to the lack of synergies between the various departments
Risk: currency exchange risk: uncertainty risk from fair value fluctuations. Strong, cdmo elasticity. Summary of corporate financial statement data projections
JUNG, Dean of the Graduate Institute of the Democratic Securities President, and Dr. Vanderbilt University of Finance Mathematics, Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts, Guo Zhenxi, PhD, Research Assistant, Graduated from Qinghua University School of Life Sciences, previously studied postdoctoral studies at Qinghua University College of Pharmacology, July 2019 Joined civil society. Authors with qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,