Ming Condé (603259) Medical biology reported overperformance, long-term growth momentum, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: the company released its semi-annual performance report for 2020, which achieved business income of $7.23 billion in the first half of 2020, an increase of 22.7 per cent in the same year; a net return of $1.72 billion, an increase of 62.5 per cent in the same year; a higher than expected growth in non-performance and a good recovery in domestic business. The company achieved business income of $4.04 billion in the second quarter.
29.4 per cent over the same period; 1.41 billion yuan over the same period; 760 million yuan over the same period for the realization of the net return; 51.7 per cent over the same period for the realization of the non-recurring gain and loss, mainly comprising $1.04 billion over the market for foreign-invested companies that bring about a fair change in value and an increase in the return on investment, as well as an increase in the share price of the reversible debt
With 490 million yuan lost, the company's performance in the second quarter was over-expected. The delay in the resumption of work at the Luhan Research and Development Centre in the first quarter of the year, due to the new coronary pneumonia epidemic in the country, had some impact on the clinical trial service operation in the Chinese district, but the company was able to maintain close online contacts with its global clients to promote domestic and foreign operations, and the Chinese district laboratory began in the second quarter.
And contract R & D has been fully reactivated, with significant growth in operating income in the second quarter, with faster growth in overseas client orders and rising corporate productivity and efficiency, and a gradual recovery of corporate coro and Smo operations since the second quarter, with a significant performance elasticity expected throughout the year.
Currently, the US new crown is in a severe state, and the company’s revenues and profits from US district laboratory services continue to be significantly affected, and the recovery of US district laboratory services needs to be followed up further. Cro+cmo/cdmo’s industry-wide layout has a strong long-term growth momentum.
An integrated enabling platform with a cro+cmo/cdmo industry-wide layout, a rising global market position, a rapidly growing number of clients and projects, a pre-cro and small molecules of traditional business, is expected to continue to grow robustly, while the company's emerging operations are clinical cro and cell/genetic
The treatment cdmo is very growing, and the innovative model ddsu (milestones and sales-sharing fee model) does not come to the market as new drug varieties move forward, which will result in a sustained cash inflow to the company. Overall, the company’s Ming Kande (603259): sustains a steady growth in performance.
The strong strength of the physical service platform has continued to attract global client groups, with long-term growth likely to accelerate as the portfolio projects move forward and long-term development momentum is sufficient (2020-04-30) and firm growth is strong.
Pharmacy (603259): Four major plates are growing strongly, and the fixed-increment plus capacity expansion (2020-03-25) 3. Medicines (603259): New Age of Innovation, I
Given the company’s role as a leader in medical research and development outsourcing, the ISP (2019-11-20) has significant advantages, with strong long-term growth fundamentals and a “buy-in” rating.
Pharmacy (603259): The core business has grown with a high rate of profit with calibre (2019-08-20) and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.