Mid 2020 report, Wong Schwig.
Revenues have continued to grow rapidly, with clinical operations being more affected by the epidemic, yielding $588 million; net profit from non-repatriation of $1,131 million, an increase of 13.91 per cent over the same period. In the single quarter, 2020q2, the company achieved $4,044 million, an increase.
29.41% long; net profit from the return of mothers is 1,414 million yuan, an increase of 110.97% from the same year. According to a breakdown of the industry, pre-cro services are still the company’s main business, with China and the United States region making a total of 5,062 million yuan, of which China and the United States region have earned 3,780 million yuan.
The faster growth than the 26.47% was due mainly to strong market demand and faster growth in overseas client orders following the resumption of full work in the second quarter. With the shift after the pre-clinical business phase, the signing of rows and new orders has been severely affected by the new crown epidemic, and revenue growth has slowed.
The impact of the new crown epidemic is due to a gradual decline in US district laboratory services, clinical research, and other co-services. In terms of the cost of the period, in the first half of the year, the company’s sales cost and management and industry status, the company continued to increase its R & D investment in the first half of the year, at a cost of $333 million.
During the reporting period, the company co-directed its entire pharmaceutical industry at a large-scale oligoate material production workshop in Changzhou, a high-activity field.
In January 2020, the entire pharmaceutical industry began construction of a new, tin-free drug development and production base, which will further enhance solid formulation development and production capacity and production capacity.
It can and will increase the production and commercialization of sterile agents and clinical medicines. The company has also expanded the integrated adrenaline-related virus suspended culture platform in Philadelphia, USA, and the integrated closed production platform for car-t-syndromic therapy to help clients improve the development of cellular and gene therapy products.
In July 2020, the company’s research and development centre in Chengdu became operational, further enhancing the capacity of the company’s laboratory services in the Chinese district and empowering global clients. In addition, the company continues to invest in medicine through a variety of investments, such as joint ventures, equity participation, etc.
During the reporting period, companies invested $134 million in joint ventures and joint ventures.
This investment helps companies to understand trends in the rare disease industry and to have access to coro or cdmo services at the appropriate time. At the same time, companies have invested in new enzyme substitution therapy and gene therapy for rare diseases.
The joint venture continued to make additional investments in order to consolidate synergies and promote the development of its own main business, to obtain clients and to enhance its capacity to service itself.In the first half of the year, nearly 600 new clients were added to the company, totalling more than 30 countries worldwide.
During the reporting period, the top 20 pharmaceutical companies accounted for about 31.9 per cent of the company ' s total income, and the firm ' s strong and sticky clientele is expected to ensure a steady growth in its performance. 2020h1, the company ' s income from its former clients accounts for about 31.9 per cent of the company ' s total revenue.
The number and type of services are growing, and the number of companies’ new and old clients is growing steadily. The company’s enabling platform helps to lower the threshold for research and development on new medicines, improve the efficiency of research and development, and the platform’s innovative capacity is growing and forms a virtuous circle.
Industry regulatory policy change risks; product diffusion less than expected risks; product R & D less than expected risks: market competition increases the risk: the risk increases the epidemic.
We look forward to the future development of the industry and the company, and maintain a “carefully increased” rating. The summary of gains and losses and projections for Schedule 1 (in millions of yuan)
The author of the report, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, presents the report independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner and ensures that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeks to reflect the author's research views in a clear and accurate manner, and does not constitute any third source of findings.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.