The impact of the epidemic has been relatively limited, and operations in the Chinese district have resumed rapidly.
In recent days, the company has published its semi-annual report for 2020: 7,231 million revenues for the company as a whole during the reporting period, 1,131 million net returns to the mother from its current withholding, an increase of 13.91 per cent over the same period; and net cash flows from operating activities
• Rapid resumption of operations in China, with higher profits on fair value and investment returns — by quarter: 3,188 million and 4,044 million in 2020q1 and q2 respectively; 15.09 per cent and 29.41 per cent respectively; 376 million and 755 million, respectively, in non-mortality net; and corporate restructuring
In the second quarter, China District Laboratories and Contract Development and Production (cdmo) were fully restored to normal operations. Sub-operational sectors: In the first half of the year, China District Laboratories and Cdmo increased their income by 26.47 per cent and 25.83 per cent respectively;
Sector operations and clinical operations are affected by the epidemic, and the rate of income growth has declined: the rate of growth in the first half of the year was 1.88 percentage points lower in the first half of the year than in the same period last year.
It is 1. US regional and clinical operations are more affected by the epidemic, which drags down the corporate Māori rate as a whole; 2. Equity Incentive schemes increase the corresponding cost and lower the Māori rate. 2020h1 company returns on investment and fair prices 1,436 million net operating cash flows, an increase of 46.67 per cent over the same period, with a higher overall quality of operations.
From the benefits of outbreak control, China district operations are returning to strong growth momentum, and from internal outbreak control in place, the corporate Chinese district laboratory and cdmo operations as a whole have been growing faster in the first half of the year: Chinese district laboratory operations as the company's core business, the first half of the year.
The year benefited from the impact of overseas order transfers and the full and rapid resumption of domestic operations, with a rapid growth rate of 26.47 per cent in revenue collection, 41.42 per cent in Māori operations and overall stability. _aaa_Pharmacine Condé (603259) 2019 report
Full implementation of end-to-end business flow portals in laboratory operations during the first half of the year, with full enhancement of business cooperation synergies: 1. Continuous development of a rich home-grown dna coded compound library (del). _aaa_Pharma Mind (603259) 3-quarterly reports
There are currently up to 90 billion molecular reserves: 2. A full range of operations related to drug metabolic dynamics and toxicology, bioanalysis services, analytical chemistry and testing services for clients.
The rapid development of new and emerging businesses has also opened up space for companies to follow up on business development.
The company's small molecule cdmo achieved income of 2,162 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 25.83 per cent over the same period; it achieved a Māori business rate of 39.61 per cent.
In the first half of the year, there were more than 1,100 new drug molecules, 42 in the clinical phase and 26 in the approved list. For domestic clients, 26 mah projects are currently under way, including 4 commercial production projects, including the first-country production of new drugs in the state of Chihuahua, which is listed overseas.
btk Repressants Project. Meanwhile, company cdmo operations focus on synergies between new technology platforms and productive energy: companies further upgraded the hydrochemical platform during the reporting period, and several post-clinical and commercial projects this year applied hydrochemical technologies to large-scale production: public during the reporting period.
The Division will further expand the production capacity of high-activity drug raw materials and enhance capacity-building for oligonaic acids and polythrins cdmo, which will be significantly enhanced by the company ' s overall solid agent development and insecticidal agent project succession capacity as the production capacity of the subsequent tin-free base is gradually on the ground.
In the first half of the year, US regional and clinical operations were affected by the epidemic and are expected to resume gradually in the second half of the year.
Treatment cdmo, which grew by 4 per cent over the same period, provided cdmo services for 31 clinical phase cell and gene therapy treatment projects during the reporting period, including 22 clinical pilot projects and 9 /pill bed pilot projects, which we expect to follow with the mitigation of the epidemic overseas and with more research and development projects
At a later stage, overseas operations will gradually return to normal growth; in addition, the first half of the year clinical operations were somewhat affected by the epidemic, with revenues of $500 million, an increase of 5.9 per cent over the reporting period.
There are over 830 teams of specialized clinical trial services (clinical trial services); the company ' s smo hospitals provide clinical centre management services. The clinical operations are expected to improve gradually later on.
Corporate-wide R & D costs of $333 million, an increase of 36.87 per cent over the reporting period, sustained high levels of R & D inputs, focused on dna-coded compounds, protein production and drug discovery platforms based on protein structure, and new technology R & D projects to introduce commitments for subsequent company orders
Tens of thousands of people, representing 82 per cent of the company's workforce, with more than 8,600 highly educated employees, have the largest small molecular drug research and development team in the world, and are among their domestic counterparts.
Multi-business synergies in development patterns and the ability of global networks to operate services will sustain companies' future performance against annual net returns of 2,709 million, 3,596 million and 4,455 million, respectively; and against the risk of increased competition in the market in the eps and changes in client R & D strategies