Pharmación Condolence 2020: Full resumption of business, development of the endogenous enabling company Shen Man, cfa
Industry classification: Medical and biological main camp operations are fully restored and the effects of the epidemic are repaired. During the reporting period, laboratory services in the Chinese district achieved operating income of $37,799,579,000, an increase of 26.47 per cent over the same period; cdmo/cmo service realization camp
The rapid growth in overseas client orders, and the full recovery of the Chinese district laboratory and cdmo operations were the main drivers of corporate performance during the reporting period. The overall level of performance capacity of the public division was raised relatively rapidly, benefiting from the growth of the Chinese district laboratory and cdmo operations.
q2 performance has improved significantly on a quarterly basis, with year-round performance. Season-by-quarter, the company ' s business income of 2020q1 was $318,751.47 million, an increase of 15.09 per cent over the same period, and repairs were made to the net profit of 37,571.05, which was evident as the domestic epidemic moved into normal control, and the overseas epidemic was indeterminate.
Qualifying is continuing, with the company’s Chinese district laboratory and cdmo overseas order operations expected to continue to grow, and research and development is continuing to advance and consolidate its flagship status. In terms of research and development, the company’s research and development costs of 2020h1 amounted to $33,343.89 million, an increase of 36.87% over the same period.
In addition, the production workshops for the production of vinyl acid raw materials, high-activity feedstocks, polythermal raw materials, polymerics, etc. have been completed and are being used: the development of new non-tin-free pharmaceutical preparations and the construction of production bases; the expansion of integrated production platforms in the United States; and the full operationalization of the Chengdu Research and Development Centre.
Development, construction and sustained progress to improve the capacity of firms to respond to the growth in the number of “long tails” clients, increase the efficiency of R & D production, increase the firm’s core competitiveness, and strengthen the corporate sector’s leadership. Investment proposal: We maintain the company’s position after 2020-2022 (for the time being, no consideration will be given to the transfer of equity).
Air Capital Building S.S.A. Ltd.