Medicine (603259.sh)
After a 13.9 per cent increase in the same year; a net operating cash flow of 1,436 million yuan, or 46.7 per cent increase in the same year, the company ' s investment returns and fair value changes totalling 558 million yuan during the reporting period, excluding the impact, the company ' s net profit in the first half of the year was equal to 9.7 per cent increase in comparison to 9.7 per cent, owing to the outbreak of the new coronary virus, both within and outside the country.
The major impact was that overseas operations, such as US laboratory services, were affected in the second quarter, but generally recovered well, with overseas clients maintaining a good growth in business lines and a good recovery in performance in the second quarter: in the second quarter, US district laboratory operations were hit hard by the epidemic in the second quarter by 10.12% more than in the second quarter.
During the quarterly internal epidemic, the recruitment of hospital patients was restricted, and the company ' s clinical and other coro services were more affected, with an income of $50 million, an increase of 5.92 per cent over the same period. cdmo/cmo services earned 2,162 million yuan, an increase of 111 per cent over the same period. cdmo/cmo services earned 1,414 million yuan, a net return on the mother, excluding the return on investment and fair value from the company ' s return.
In terms of the cost of the cost of the company ' s 2020h1 sales rate, management cost rate, financial cost rate, R & D rate of 3.8 per cent, 11.3 per cent, 0.1 per cent and 4.6 per cent, respectively; the cost rate remained good; overall, the performance of the second quarter, with the exception of laboratory services in the United States, has largely recovered, owing to the inclusion of the United States, India and India.
Some of the cro-cdmo orders are expected to go to China, and the company’s performance is expected to accelerate again in the second half of the year. While US regional operations are affected, domestic cro operations are expected to accelerate again in the second half of the year: 2020h1 help clients.
On 30th of the month, the company completed the ind declaration of 98 projects with cumulative help from its clients, and obtained 66 clinical trial batches. In addition, due to the “engineer effect” and the outflow of research and development projects due to the epidemic, the country has been able to make progress.
As a leader in the global drug discovery industry, the company has also benefited first and foremost from the global supply market’s shift to China, and is expected to maintain robust growth in the future.
US district laboratory services include mainly cell and gene therapy products, cdmo services, and medical instrument testing.
The treatment program provides cdmo services. As the project progresses to a later clinical stage, it is expected that the company American Cells and Base Phenomenon Condium: performance growth will be strong, and the capacity utilization rate of the treatment production workshops will increase gradually before the cologne is added in 2021.
In the first half of 2020, the company's cds team in China and the United States of America provided clinical trial development services for more than Pharmacy Conde: h shares were publicly distributed, and cro Unicorns has promoted 130 projects, five of which completed a clinical trial for listing on the market.
The team provides clinical trial services for a variety of innovative medicines, helping clients complete 12 pharmaceutical and medical instruments.
The new technology of the forward-looking landscape — the drug-mingkandr giant — has made it possible, in addition to contributing directly to the growth of performance, to strengthen synergies among business plates and to step up the market competitiveness of firms throughout the entire industrial chain.
Gradually releasing capacity and maintaining high growth in cmo/cdmo operations: the company takes full advantage of the technological advantages of process development and firmly pursues the strategy of “expanding services following the stage of development of the drug molecules”. More than 1,100 new drug molecules were involved in the company's cdmo/cmo service project in the first half of 2020, of which 42 were in the clinical ii phase,
There are currently 26 mah projects under way to serve domestic clients, including four commercial production projects. The company has further expanded its production capacity, new laboratories and workshops for high-activity raw materials have been built in Changzhou, and the production of high-activity raw materials has been upgraded to 100 kg. The company is located in Changzhou.
In January 2020, the kryptonium production plant was officially operational, with the largest single batch of oligonaic acid ingredients being synthesized up to 1 mol, better able to meet the growing demand from clients. In June 2020, a large multipolymer production plant with a full-scale pharmaceutical company based in Changzhou was officially operational, with seven productions.
Cmo/cdmo's business is expected to go one more step, based on (1) the company's global leading market position and strong competition in drug discovery and pre-cro-clinic development.
"Engineers' dividend" gives domestic cro firms a cost-leading advantage (3) that has a greater potential for clinical growth (4) that benefits from the global transfer of production capacity of the country's cmo/cdmo enterprise (5) that has a large advantage for small molecules in the cmo/cdmo area (6) that the company's investment returns are gradually emerging.
Maintain the company's “buy-b” rating.