Business trade, robust performance leading to new-quality productivity, and corporate definition of the UDI three-year action plan, which generates new data elements in business and trade.
: Hexiaomin@wkzq.com.cn The market in the U.S. has a high profile, with traffic exceeding the level of the 19-year-old period 24, with an average of 218,000 passenger traffic per day in the U.S. market in the first half of the year 24; the average foreign business in the U.S. is over 3600 persons per day, compared to the average.
The growth was over 80 per cent, the number of foreign business arrivals increased significantly, and the market target for major passenger flows was over the same level in 2019. In the first half of 2024, the total number of road, rail and air passenger flows in the city of Yeu was about 12 million, an increase of about 15 per cent over the same period, and about 250,000 foreign business arrivals, an increase of about 95 per cent over the same period.
A three-year action plan for the development of a definition index to stimulate the production of new quality productivity of data elements in the area of commerce and trade. A three-year action plan for the development of data elements has been developed by the Joint College of Companies for the continuous updating of the small commodities index and the development of a three-year action plan for data elements: 1) 2024 to refine and fully upgrade the index model and continuously advance the data tabulation process to generate the number of business and trade areas.
Expanding the integration and application of artificial intelligence; 3) Internationalization of the Small Commodity Classification Standard in 2026, leading the world in trade and commerce data.
Sustained growth, improved performance of the second curve on the line, accelerated profitability of the chinagoods platform and upgrading of the ai enabling business (2024/4/22)
In the first half of the year, 45 additional third-party digitized services were added to the online company platform Chinagoods, which has a cumulative total of 194 digitized service products covering content building and trade suits.
(2024/1/30) Multiple areas such as services, warehousing logistics, operations support, marketing strategies, business management and software tools. The company ginagoods platform achieved gmv45 billion/yoy+40.6%; Big Data Company (operated)
The net profit of the chinagoods platform is $72.737 million/yoy+56.89 per cent, and the new chinagoods platform has more than 400,000 registered purchasers and cumulatively more than 4.45 million.
Rapid access continued to work in the area of cross-border remittances, contributing to the compliance of MSMEs funds. During the reporting period, the first direct currency clearing of the Dubai market was completed with the Abu Dhabi branch of the Chinese Bank of Commerce and Industry. The annual cross-border currency payments exceeded 12 billion yuan in transactions, supported 25 currencies and covered transactions.
Over 150 countries and territories, with risk-free funds and frozen cards, provide security for business owners. During the reporting period, the company’s net profit was $27.380.1 million, compared to $57.02 million during the same period last year, and business on-line was not as developed as expected.