In line with expectations, Chinagoods and cross-border payments are making good progress: Small Commodity City issues 2024-month reports. 2024h1, companies earn $6.770 billion, and the decline in apparent profits is the effect of last year's return on investment and higher profits for corporate ownership: net of investment revenue
Billions of dollars, +29% of the year. The profits from the company’s investments are mainly from real estate equity companies, whose profits are determined by the pace at which the company delivers, with certain cyclical attributes. The company’s main profits are mainly from the market, the Chinagoods platform, the cross-border renminbi business, etc., and the higher profits of the company reflect the increase in the first half of the year.
The business landscape and the company’s own growth performance are excellent. Sub-businesses:  26% of the income from market operations: market operations consist mainly of the rents and spot fees of the Small Mercantile City of Yiu. The market of 2024h1 companies earns $2.27 billion, or +26% of the market.
The core drivers of profit growth, which benefited mainly from the operationalization of the East Market in Area 1.2, in 22024 services include, inter alia, the Chenagoods online service platform, warehousing logistics, payment bond factoring, etc. Small Commodity City (600415).
The chinagoods platform has increased profits and advanced in depth services: small businesses on the Chinagoods line, looking forward to the re-event of State reform.
We believe that this is mainly a benefit of higher income from value-added and in-depth services. The Chinagoods platform is close to Small Commodity City (600415). The top line to shareholders is based on a series of functions built by the Ia, and 17,000 users have experienced in-depth experience to date.
Severing Sun, optimizing the quality of assets of listed companies, increasing the value of cross-border renminbi payments and making the platform profitable: $2024h1 pays the platform billions of yuan. 2024h1 Cross-border renminbi payment platform subsidiary (fast-track) makes $27 million.
The yiwupay platform has had a good experience of paying off all risk-free disputes or any frozen card event, and is expected to grow further in the second half of the year.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: the company’s future core growth drives: 1 market rent increase per year.
After taking into account the speed at which public investment returns are released and the high rate of new operations, we have made a net profit on corporate repatriation from 31.7%. East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is already qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.