Completion of the Board of Directors election, with the expectation that the reform of the State Enterprise will come to fruition 09/07/2024: the company announcement of 8/07, which was unanimously adopted after consideration by the Board of Directors meeting to elect Wang Ding
Mr. Wang Dung joined the Small Commodities City in 2019 and served as Vice-President and General Manager of the Small Commodities City.
▪ The company has focused on promoting reforms in State enterprises in recent years and has achieved a number of results: 1 Landing Equity Incentives to Activate Staff: Restrictive Stock Incentives on the Landing of Companies in 2020, awarded 439 core employees (first + reserved number of employees, total number of employees in 2020)
About 9.5 per cent), cumulatively awarded 49.4 million shares (1 per cent of the total stock before the incentive landed), stimulating the appraisal, completed in 2023, and fully achieved.
Launch of a feasibility study on the Global Digital Trade Centre project to build a sixth-generation small commodity market, the “Global Digital Trade Centre”, around the existing U.S.I.T.C., with a total surface of 1.24 million, expected to start commercial use in q3 in 2025. This will expand the rentable area of the small commodity city market and make it larger.
The small-scale commodity industry in the U.S., and the profits of the company’s market. 3 pushes for market-based rent reform, with rent-raising clauses falling in 2024: there is a difference between the rents in small commodity cities and market-based levels.
4chinagoods platform successfully landed. In 2019, the company launched the Eu Market Officer Network & Cross-border Convergence Small Commodity City (600415).
The platform provides not only displaying and selling products, but also stripping Sun, optimizing the quality of the assets of listed companies, integrating procurement, delivery, tax returns, international logistics, etc.
One-stop service. In 2023, the chinagoods platform's gmv exceeded 65 billion yuan.
In February 2023, the company went on line to launch the yiwu pay platform for cross-border renminbi payments, with the cumulative opening of more than 20,000 cross-border renminbi accounts by the end of the year and new cross-border renminbi payments.
Business transactions amounting to more than RMB 8.5 billion, in cooperation with hundreds of mainstream banks around the world, cover five new businesses and the follow-up growth of rent-raising assistance. More than 150 countries and territories on the continent can support a breakthrough of 25 currencies, with 16 receiving currencies.
This restructuring of the company’s management is part of a process of reform of state enterprises. Small commodity cities are at the heart of the chain of small goods industries, and subsequent companies still have much to offer in terms of perfecting the full chain of services for small commodities, further advancing cross-border payment platforms, digital asset accumulation, and realization.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain the company ' s net return profit of 31.7 per cent in 2024-2025.