On 30 August 2024, after a boom in the market climate, the company's main business grew and its profitability increased steadily.
The value of imports and exports in the city of 24h1 amounted to RMB 3247.7 billion/year-on-year +20.7 per cent, of which exports 28.803 billion/year-on-year +21.3 per cent; imports 36.74 billion yuan/year-on-year +16.4 per cent; total imports and exports continued to be high at a high base in 2023.
Growth rate. Thanks to the high import/export climate and the expansion of emerging markets, the growth in the performance of major businesses such as corporate marketers and sales of goods, market operations and related platform operations have led to a higher rate of Māori performance, with sales/market operations of two of the core business sectors maintaining a higher rate of growth (same as in the previous year).
Good control. With a steady increase in revenue and an increase in the Māori rate, 24h1 fell in net profit from the mother, $1051 million, net profit from market operations and trade services increased by $501 million, excluding return on investment from Peifan.
Qai leads the market upgrading transition & the construction of a global digital trading centre is progressing steadily, and there is hope that performance will open up further. 24h1 Yu China Small Commodity City Big Data Ltd. (cg platform)
Six months of net profits exceeded $72.97 million per annum + 57 per cent per annum, platform gmv 45 billion +41 per cent, new registered buyers exceeded 400,000 and cumulatively over 4.45 million.
The transformation of the main market was upgraded with the addition of 45 new third-party digitized services products in 24h1, with a steady growth of the main business and a gradual realization of new business growth - the number of digital digitized services products in racks reached 194, the product covered a wide range of areas, and the provision of diversified services
Qinghua, Qinghua, Quest, Pepsi, and so on, to build 100 people, stock market risk entry requires caution.
The main business is still high, and the digitized transformation of the auxiliaries — one research and development team, with five self-research ali products tailored to the characteristics of the U-turn market, a series of tools that can help businesses break down language barriers, deal with complex and professional problems, and catch up with buyers.
Working with the People's Data Strategy to explore “data mines” - demand for higher upscaling orders; currently, the cg platform has 17,000 users with deep experience of the small businessi series, helping market operators to digitalize their operations.
The construction of the centre is progressing steadily: 62% of the total work done on the 24h1st phase, 62% of the total work done, 62% of the work done on the second phase of the project, the roof of the block, the main structure of the commercial writing block, about 68% of the work done on the top floor, and construction started at a very high level.
The digital transformation and business model of the company’s performance and valuation are expected to benefit from the landing of the digital hub, the upgrading of cross-border renminbi payments and the growth space for overseas markets. 24h1 quick access to 10,000 yuan, a significant increase over the same period.
The completion of the first direct currency clearing operation in the Dubai market, together with the completion of a full process closure on cross-border renminbi settlement services, both within and outside the country, was achieved. On May 30, the digital currency bridge officially went online, making the cross-border payment process easier and freer financial flows.
By 30 June, cross-border transactions in 2024 were worth more than RMB 12 billion, supporting 25 currencies, covering more than 150 countries and territories.
Since 2024, the Department has participated in and organized several launches and exhibitions, increasing brand visibility and steadily increasing orders. As of the end of June, the City of Merchant Exhibitions had been hosting a hardware fair, an exhibition of jewellery factories, etc.
23 exhibitions, 3 expositions outside Indonesia and Cambodia, attracting more than 770,000 buyers, 380,000 square metres of exhibition space, with an intended value of $4.3 billion.
We still maintain a steady increase in revenue, build the company's basic performance, have a solid customer base on the “cg platform & cross-border renminbi payments”, speed up innovation in the trading model under the ai, and have a Chinese securities service team, based on fundamental research, industry frontlines, global view comparisons, deep-tracking of industries such as the meta-cosm, catering tourism, tax exemption, medical beauty, jewellery, education, etc., to bring consumption up to date.
This report has been prepared by Sino-China Securities Co. Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended for or for any dispatch, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the SAC, unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced in any way without prior written authorization from the SAC.