Wang's performance exceeded expectations, with a net profit of yoy+10.8 per cent in the first three quarters and a net profit of non-repatriated mothers of yoy+39.5 per cent.
Billions of yuan, yoy+23.2 per cent, net profit to the mother, $3.65 billion, yoy+10.8 per cent, net profit to the mother after deduction, and steady performance growth: according to the National Postal Service, the delivery industry accumulated business volume of 27.4 billion items, yoy+29.8 per cent, revenue of $342.5 billion and industry of 26.7 per cent by size.
The growth rate fell by 23 percentage points, but the growth rate remained high overall. In the context of the continued growth of the industry, corporate revenue kept up the growth trend.
In 17 years of declining income per ticket, the average company fare did not go up backwards, rising to $23.3 per cent per year, yoy+2 per cent per year, driving down the company's cost rate in the light of the continuing favourable outlook in the express delivery industry: during the reporting period, the company's 2003 financial costs were due to interest income on deposits by its counterparts.
This represents an increase of 120 million yuan in financial costs, while yoy-38.6 per cent. Against the backdrop of sustained growth in corporate revenue, the company ' s q3 financial cost rate was only 0.13 per cent, calling it a 2 per cent drop in the q3 financial cost rate last year, increasing the company ' s profits by 350 million yuan.
Transfer of q3 of investment returns and substantial increase in investment returns: During the reporting period, HSC announced the transfer of 15.86 per cent of HST shares to HSC shareholders in Mingde, which received 950 million in cash, resulting in an increase of 583 per cent in investment returns, one of the reasons for the growth of net profits.
The share of rich holdings in technology in the vast nest has been reduced from 35.86% to 15%. Looking forward: companies are the only direct-acting model in the express delivery industry, directly controlled recipients points, trans-shipment centres, dry feeder lines, and express delivery supply chains such as the aeronautical/railway hub, not only unifying the public.
By 2017, the company had achieved the lowest rate of intra-industry complaints for the third consecutive year and the highest level of overall satisfaction of couriers for the eighth consecutive year. At the same time, the company had the largest cargo fleet in the industry, with a total of 55 at present.
In the course of the year, the Department raised $7,822 million through a non-public distribution of shares in order to continuously enhance transport capacity and inform the company’s operations. We believe that the company continues to invest in shipping power.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.