In the wind, the integrated logistics service provider is in the direction of the three-quarterly review of the stock exchange (002352), in 2017, the company issued the three-quarterly report of 2017, yielding 49.826 billion yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 23.18 per cent in comparison: deductions attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
In the first three quarters, 49,826 million items were collected, representing an increase of 23.18 per cent compared to 23.18 per cent in the previous quarter, and 14.55 per cent in the fast-delivering market share; operating income was 73 per cent of the shares and 380 per cent of the circulars, compared to other enterprises in the same industry.
The advantage is clear. The Māori rate for the first three quarters was 20.51%, an increase of almost 1 percentage point over the same period last year, mainly because companies had different levels of discounts for monthly customers last year, while the discount policy was used with relative caution this year, to some extent equal to the current year’s unit price.
In the area of road transport, 15,000 vehicles were used throughout the country; in the area of transit distribution, 12 hubs and 127 integrated transit sites; in the last area, cooperation with the Combine Commercial Network, the Cooperative Agency and the Smart Express was achieved in the last kilometre;
In terms of cover; in terms of information systems, emphasis is placed on R & D & D, and support companies have a leading advantage in the industry. The advantage of a combination of Skynet + Earthnet + Information Networks has made it possible for companies to be ranked first in all of the six indicators of the National Post Office ' s publication of the Results of the Time-Caling Tests for Express Service Time Time in 2016, and the fourth consecutive year of the Federation ' s ranking for the full duration of Express Service, which was published for the first time in 2013.
There's always been a saying in society that domestic couriers include two types, namely, smooth and unfavourable. In September 2017, the number of valid complaints per million velvets was only 1.04, which is significantly lower than that of the Constellation Express.
In all three years from 2014 to 2016, the company’s ticket for couriers was $23.61, $23.83, and $22.15, respectively, well above the industry’s average. High-quality ticket receipts, together with steady income growth, together guarantee the company’s level of continued healthy profit.
\triangleright rapid growth is due mainly to two factors: the company can do so by using the existing last kilometre delivery network of couriers compared to the supply of shop-to-shop services in Texas.
Door-to-door services are more sensitive; second, companies do not have to set up separate doors, rent-free shops, and offer more competitive prices.2 With respect to cold transport operations, in 2016, companies ranked third in the 100th highest number of cold-chain logistics across the country, generating revenue of $1,034 million in the first two quarters of the year, an increase of 85.56 per cent, with a projected revenue of 10 billion in three years.
In terms of international operations, operating revenues in the last two quarters amounted to 868 million yuan, an increase of 39.51%. Working with domestic and foreign electricity companies, such as Macy's Department of Commerce, to help Chinese companies move out, and bring in high-quality goods from abroad. Companies now cover important countries such as South-East Asia, Europe, and America, with a direct network extending to major cities in important countries.
The advantage of a company as the only firm with a stock on the market is expressive. Four new businesses are growing rapidly, enabling companies are moving towards integrated logistics, economic growth is slowing, and upstream demand is slowing down significantly.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
The top 10 prizes (seventh place) for the excellent combination of the Cheng Yug Liang Awards. The top 10 prizes (eighth place) for research in the industry of the 2012 China Securities Industry Awards were presented by Yang Yang.
I will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies