q3 q3 performance is positive and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) is well under way.
Incidents: The company issued its third quarterly report in 2017. Business income was 49.830 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 23.2 per cent in the same year: 3.65 billion yuan in net return to the mother, an increase of 10.8 per cent in the same year; 2.650 billion yuan in net return to the mother, an increase of 39.5 per cent in the same year. q3 returns $17.67 billion in the first quarter, an increase of 23 per cent in the same year.
The net profit is 1.76 billion yuan, an increase of 14.6% over the previous year, and 860 million yuan for the net profit from the net profit from the non-retroactivity of the mother. Qualitative weight, steady growth. The National Postal Service statistics show that the market position of the national courier service and the direct business model for the first three quarters of this year. The direct-account model also determines the growth that companies are seeking.
At the same time, more emphasis was placed on improving the quality of services, with companies having a monthly rate of 1.95, 1.46 and 1.04 complaints in July, August and September, respectively, during the reporting period, with high-quality services as an important guarantee of steady growth in corporate income. Investment returns contributed significantly.
With 15.86% of the stake in the hive technology, the matter contributed 1,103 million dollars in investment earnings to the company. 3.7 billion dollars. Another company has a stock-added incentive scheme for 20 expatriate cores at the same price, with the company paying the difference between the right to work in cash and the price to pay, subject to the right to move.
The company’s main business is courier services, a stock is marketable in a company that has a hymn, shares, a round-trip, and so on. The industry valuation hub is now about 41 times the size of the stock, but it is comfortable holding the stock.
As industry leaders, they enjoy a certain premium premium, and the company is increasingly perfecting Skynet, Earthnet, Information Network, Consistency Holdings (002352): three networks combined, one unit, three systems, while focusing on driving new business and achieving better results, and the company leads the sheep in the industry.
The new business is unshakeable, and therefore the company’s valuation is reasonable above that of other comparable companies. Projected or rising delivery costs, such as raw materials, are expected.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.