\triangleright \triangleright
The profit was 3,645 million yuan, an increase of 10.8 per cent in the same year, and the net profit from deductions was 2,652 million yuan, an increase of 39.47 per cent in the same year. q3 achieved business income of 17,665 million yuan, an increase of 23 per cent in the same year, a net profit from repatriation of 1,762 million yuan, \triangleright
Corporate cost control has been effective and net interest rates have increased. While the company ' s Māori ratio declined slightly by 0.68 percentage points during the reporting period from the first half of the year (21.19%), quarterly observations are that the Māori rate of the company is shrinking, that new business is developing well, and that integrated logistics providers are being transformed.
There has been some change, with traditional courier operations down from 70% in 2016 to 67%, while new operations like heavy cargo, cold transport, etc. should have a positive impact on the Māori rate. In addition, the company has now worked deeply with clients in the areas of Condom, 3c, etc., to provide a package of logistics solutions for customers, and in the future it will rely more on technological capabilities, through one.
Over the past year, companies have moved toward a corporate and analytic index to achieve a product premium on physicalization programmes and resource integration. The overall trend in the express service industry remains positive, with civil-military integration providing new opportunities.
342.5 billion yuan, an increase of 26.7 per cent over the same period, although at a slower rate than in 2016, there has been a steady growth in the express delivery industry Strategic cooperation agreement, 23 projects between the two sides over the next five years in the areas of transport distribution, warehousing, material procurement, information integration, scientific innovation, etc., the integration of the civil and military sectors into the national development strategy and the future development of companies
The company has introduced a restrictive equity incentive scheme to award 2.74 million restricted shares to 808 cores at a cost of $29.32 per share. The company’s confidence in the total equity at the time of the announcement and its focus on core talent are expected to unleash further in the future.
We believe that the future corporate advantage in the area of business will continue, that the company will continue to rely on new developments and that the transition to an integrated logistics provider will greatly broaden the company's business channels, enhance its performance and give a “holding” rating.