Wang Xiang-hyun signed the Hubei Cargo Terminal Airport Agreement, and in November, the company's operating data highlighted the upper- and middle-end advantage.
The establishment of an international logistics airport in Hubei, with a 46 per cent share in Hyo Fong Tyson, will become the world ' s fourth freight hub, the first in the Asian region, to further increase domestic and international transport capacity.
Construction of a hub airport and enhancement of transport capacity: the company issued a announcement on 13 December, which co-founded HUBI International Logistics Airport at $2.3 billion, $2.45 billion and $250 million, respectively, with a share in the share of the capital company Hwang Fong Tyson, the People ' s Government of Hubei Province, and the Deep Agricultural and Silver Investment Corporation.
Not 46%, 49%, and 5%. Soon Fong Tyson will have limited purchasing rights to the hub airport company, which will be able to acquire more than 50% of the equity through the transfer of the equity.
For the world's fourth freight hub airport, Asia's first, smooth investment will further enhance the performance of the industry, which is already leading; by the first half of 2017, HS owns 39 full cargo product packages.
The construction of a hub airport will allow companies to continue to move fast logistics, build a network of routes across the country, actively expand international transport, and increase flight density and transport.
Loss efficiency and lower cost of company transportation. November performance announcement highlights the middle- and high-end advantage: in the 11th of April, the all-line institutional investor accounted for the share of the circulation a in the 11th of the traditional Express.
Compared to the November data of the three-to-one, he received 1.5 billion dollars, the sum of 1.1 billion dollars, and the sum of the smooth delivery far outpaced the other leading companies, showing the mid-to-high-end leader 46x, 38x, and 33x, and we looked at the company's medium- to long-term development and the investment it bought.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.