Fast forward logistics Consistency holdings (002352.sz) Cost controls were excellent, leading to a single-season growth in the main camp performance.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than average industry income of 49.826 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 23.2 per cent in the same year;
Industry growth slowed and income growth stabilized: 342.5 billion yuan was achieved in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 26.7 per cent over the same period, and is in a downward path. Although the speed of growth in the express sector slowed, and the smoother middle- and upper-end markets grew more slowly, companies were actively deploying heavy goods, silos, etc.
In addition, companies are increasingly focused on the quality of their operations, with an effective filing rate of only 1.04 per million in September and 3.10 per million in the same period in 2016, and the advantage of high-quality services and brand premiums, which are leading medium- and high-end markets, is gradually emerging.
Cost control has been effective, with a single-season non-net profit boom: in 2017, q3 achieved a net profit of $858 million, an increase of 321.7 per cent over the same period.
1. A successful reduction in operating costs, based on express couriers, the Deer-Sufficient Stocking System, etc., q3 overall Māori rate in 2017 was 19.3 per cent, with an increase of 2.7 pts, Māori by $10.0 billion, Māori by roughly the same cost ratio, and Māori by more than one third.
2. The return of single-vote revenue, intelligent logistics leading to the future -- smoothness -- is the main reason for the growth of the company’s single-season majors performance. The seasonal peak of the four seasons has been smoothed to a certain degree, the cost-control role is expected to continue, and the company expects non-net profit increases throughout the year.
“A significant slowdown in performance, the availability of integrated logistics for transformation Centralization of intelligent logistics towards integrated logistics service providers: a concentrated and partial collection of funds by companies to increase the acquisition of aircraft for retrofitting, informatics construction and smart sorting base projects totalling $3.33 billion to establish the “Sunday”
4. Performance Super-Commitment Profit, Cost-Up Network + GeoNetwork + Information Network, three networks combined to focus on building intelligent logistics. Looking forward to entering the supply chain management domain, building a logistics-centred closed link with customers through new technologies such as big data and cloud computing
5. " Fashionful, King of Logistics comes out of the water-to-new material interface model to help clients reduce logistics costs.
In addition, companies want to balance short-term benefits and long-term layouts with healthy, sustainable income growth of 20%, and successfully move to smooth and accurate middle- and upper-end markets, transform integrated logistics services, cash flows are abundant, and base their efforts.
Facilities development, with a strong R & D capacity, will be effective in improving the logistics efficiency of business customers. Prospecting companies 2017-Su Bo light double and 44 times their potential for integrated logistics development and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Appendix: Summary of projections for the three statements
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.