Reserves release higher profits, with a significant increase in performance in the first quarter of China ' s life in advance points assessment of performance in the first quarter of the year
On 20 April, China ' s life announced an advance performance announcement for the first quarter of 2018, influenced by the update of the reserve discount assumptions, the reserve discount assumptions updated to release profits, and a significant advance in the performance of the quarter.
The insurance contract reserve was increased by the update of the traditional risk reserve discount rate assumption, while the update of the insurance contract reserve in the first quarter of 2018 reduced the insurance contract reserve and released a significant increase in profits by one quarter.
On the one hand, restrictions on quick return products and short- and medium-term storage have been imposed by the enhanced regulation of document No. 134. On the other hand, the growth of social loans has led to a tightening of external funding and a steady increase in the rate of return for alternative products over the past quarter, compared with the trend in depth of 300 per cent.
Four listed insurers have increased their accumulated premiums by 10.2% in March, and Chinese life by 1.1% in the same year, with lower rates of increase, but the aggregate income in March has declined somewhat in size compared to February. In January-March, Chinese re-heating companies released profits.
The increase in profits is higher than expected, and the year-round profits are expected to continue to be released in the first quarter of 2018, with a significant increase in corporate profits by one quarter, exceeding growth expectations: 1) net profit gains by 110-130 per cent over the previous year ' s net profit by one quarter are higher than the 68.6 per cent increase in profits by one quarter.
Cost structure optimization will continue. Corporate accounting profits are expected to be released on a continuous basis throughout the year to boost the value of the company’s investments.
The fall in premium revenues, 1.1 per cent in the first quarter of the year, and the release of corporate reserves in the first quarter, as well as the surge in premium revenues in March, contributed to higher corporate profits in the first quarter of the year.
2. China ' s Life (601628) Annual Report: Size
Zhou Xiaoping, a mid-level economist and a Master of Economics from Xian Transport University, worked in the Economic Research Institute, the Ministry of National Enterprise Strategy and Development, and was responsible for macroeconomic and industrial research. In 2015, he joined the civil securities programme. Chen Xiaojun, a PhD in business law from the Chinese Social and Economic Institute, and a post-doctor in financial science. In 2017, he joined the civil securities programme.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.