Unperforming pending transmission of power packages Special electricians (600089) and new energy industry revenue release
The company did not perform as expected in 2017, mainly because the transmission package did not perform as expected. With specific operations, the transformer camp registered a small increase of 5.53 per cent and the Māori rate increased.
Decline of 9.14 pct; new energy industry and accompanying engineering, as shown in the annual report of the subsidiary ' s new special energy source, benefited from an increase in the capacity of multi-crystal silicon line upgrades from 15,000 to 30,000 tons and photo-voltage thefts, with a 36.17% increase in multi-crystal silicon block revenues to 3,462 million yuan, perc, bt operations confirmed
The installed capacity of the recognized income increased from last year, but the lower prices of wind power and light-voltage poles led to a decline in the cost of the project, resulting in an increase of only 2.30 per cent in the yield and a rise in the price of polycrystal silicon, an increase in the Māori rate by 3.65 pt; the transmission package was opened by signing a stand-alone contract.
A decrease of 2.57 per cent was recorded, but the Māori rate was increased by 11.14 pct as a result of the strengthening of engineering management; 72.47 per cent of revenues were realized as a result of the company's substantial reduction in the size of its trade operations; electricity costs were reduced by a drop in the wind rate of disposal; and 82.41 per cent more than the corresponding increase in the performance of the Changi 2*350mw cogeneration project.
The Māori rate increased by 10.85 pct; coal benefited from industrial restructuring by 61.46 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while the Māori increase in earmarked reserves fell by 8.53 pct. Taken together, the relatively large share of the increase in transformers, the new energy industry, and the weak growth of transmission packages led to a reduction in the growth of the previous year.
However, the Māori rate rose by 3.25 pct; the renminbi appreciation led to a loss of exchange by 2.1 pct. The subsidiary acquired Nanjing Electric Research by the solar transformer during the reporting period, strengthening the company’s second base.
Wu Coast and issue notes to cover cash flow shortfalls. □ Capability project to develop release performance
The company contracted $21 billion in domestic electricity transmission last year, down from 2016, but maintained the top three industries; increased international market expansion in Uzbekistan, Pakistan, s00105129001
New breakthroughs were made in Egypt, Guinea and Uganda, where, by the end of 2017, ISPS was implementing the outstanding revenue and pending project contracts.
Last year, the Division raised $3.447 billion in equity to supplement the international system integration operation with operating funds to ensure the smooth implementation of the future system integration project.
The suspension of wind power development in the provinces of Red Six led to the lifting of wind and electricity investment in Mongolia, Heilongjiang, Ningxia in March of this year, with the drop in the rate of winding down in 2017, which is expected to lead to a run-off in wind and power construction this year. The company won 500 mw and Jinzheng in Inner Mongolia.
White flag 575mw, Hebei Vuqiang 200mw, etc., has enabled a total of 2340mw installed in hand, 18 times the same time last year. The wind power project has been rejuvenated, while the photovoltaic industry will be protected by the distribution of light, the reduction of light poverty, and the runners’ program.
With the company’s multi-crystal silicon line currently operating at a super-negative rate, expansion will further improve the performance of new energy sources. Implementation of the transmission package has not progressed as expected; the multi-crystal silicon price volatility
No rating - due to the lack of access to the necessary information, or the fact that the company faces significant uncertainties about the foreseeable results, or for other reasons, it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments contained in the report are for information purposes only. This report has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.