Investment rating: Bought (first time) energy and electricity lead enterprises.
Corporate ownership includes smart power grids, digital integration, low-carbon energy, industrial connectivity, etc. The share of total revenue in the four major businesses is as follows: smart grids account for 50 per cent, digitally integrated 22 per cent, energy low-carbon 19 per cent, industrial connectivity 6 per cent, and four major businesses 2023
• New business continues to be laid out, technological breakthroughs drive companies to upgrade, companies have a large technological reserve in a flexible, straight-flow direction and have significant advantages, and companies will benefit significantly as the penetration rate of transmission-to-power engineering continues to increase.
In the future, it will also continue to focus on emerging areas such as igbt, carbonated silicon chips, storage energy, smart equipment, industrial Internet, and accelerate new industrial breakthroughs, scale-up and progressive corporate transformation.
Energy Power Lead Company, which is a pre-eminent provider of high-performance, is a provider of energy Internet-wide solutions centred on energy power intelligence, is a leading provider of energy power and industrial control in our country, and is the only one under the national net that focuses on digital grids.
Companies, with the advantage of this background, have achieved a high market share of the company. In the current wave of new power systems, the company’s own strong technical capabilities have led to its growing performance. According to the annual 2023 report, the cash ratio of the company’s operations was 22.19%, an increase of 3.48 percentage points in comparison, and the quality and sustainability of its performance.
The company accounts receivable for more than one year amounted to 33.70 per cent, a decrease of 2.56 percentage points and an increase of 0.24 per cent in accounts receivable. In the first quarter of 2024, the company ' s net profit to its parent was $596 million, an increase of 13.69 per cent.
In recent years, companies have adapted their industries to changes in the industry environment and have adapted their operations to focus on four major operations: smart grids, digital integration, low-carbon energy, and industrial connectivity.
The core competitiveness is further enhanced by the in-depth integration of the other sections. Of this amount, 25,635 million yuan was collected in 2023, representing a gross increase of 28,91 per cent compared with the increase of 0.98 pct; the sum of 3,169 million yuan, or 26.47 per cent, in industrial interconnections. In addition, corporate Māori rates and net interest rates are maintained on an annual basis.
This is due mainly to higher R & D inputs during the first quarter of 2024, which increased R & D costs by 16.30% to 702 million yuan on a year-on-year basis, which constrains their short-term profit growth, but in the long run, strong R & D inputs favour corporate creativity and innovation.
In addition, the company’s business products are widely used in such industries as electricity grids, power generation, orbital transport, water, municipal utilities, industrial mining, etc., with the internationally launched autonomous intellectual property rights products and the first set of products in a large number of countries, which are understood and studied in the relevant industries.
In terms of terms, technology and products, there is a pre-emptive advantage over competitors, firms are competitive and the market share is expected to increase further in the future.2 The industry is well organized and there is a wealth of product types
The company has been active in setting up the industry, with the top rankings Hami-King, Kimi-Hubei, Kantung-Shangdong, Ningxia-Hunnan, four high-pressure direct-flow projects, 13 1,000 kv high-voltage transformer stations such as Yoo Ha and Zhejiangjiang, construction projects, Yonyan Smart Zero Carbon Model Park, pms3.0, South Net Double-Technology Repository, South Net Batch Framework,
The Guangzhou transformer power station is an important project, which includes smart upgrades, civil storage for the country’s energy, drainage intelligence in Xuzhou City, and nine marine wind, electrical secondary integration, and integrated monitoring of 10 orbital traffic.
In addition, in the area of grid distribution, companies ranked first in the number of winnings. According to the state grid distribution terminals in 2023, the number of tenders in 27 provinces and cities was 48, with companies winning the highest number of tenders in the year, accounting for 151 million yuan, or 899 per cent, in the distribution terminal bill of 1,684 million yuan. In 2024, the number changed in Nannet.
In the first framework tenders for power stations, digital transmission and smart distribution series and Beidou, the company was awarded $2.32 million, ranked top 15, as a competitive firm in the fields of grid automation, electrical secondary equipment, relay protection, flexible, direct transmission and informationization of power systems.
In recent years, companies have continuously improved their business layout to adapt to changes in the industry environment. According to the 2023 annual report, companies have divided their business into four major business sectors: smart grids, digital integration, low-carbon energy, industrial connectivity, and so on.
Smart grids: The company is a supplier of smart grid technology, products, and integrated integrated solutions, with a combination of leading power and significant technological advantages and market influence in the field of smart grids. The main products in this area include grid safety stabilization analysis and control, grid movement automation, electricity market, new energy grid access control, etc.
The company will continue to deepen its research into new power systems control and defense systems, continue to attack the structure and critical technologies of the new power systems relay protection systems, and continue to enhance the production of smart grid plates.
Industry control, industry leadership, and continued high competitiveness in the same industry. Chart 6 Charts of new power systems Digital integration: Digital integration plates working to accelerate big data, physical networking, artificial intelligence, block chains, 5g
Digital technology is integrated with energy operations in depth, focusing on energy power information infrastructure, security solutions, communication-based solutions, grid information, etc., supporting the digitalization and intelligent transformation of energy systems. Energy is low-carbon: the company has undertaken several smart-power plant modifications, national production of water-pumping secondary systems, nuclear
For the first time in the industry, the power plant has been used to encourage magnetic-based conversion and multi-energy demonstration projects, providing a full set of network solutions for dissimilar applications and strong support for large-scale new energy grid-connection and consumption. The public sector is the leading provider of low-carbon energy technologies, products, and solutions in the country, and has successfully developed international leadership,
The world's largest single-machine capacity is the mega-hydropower system of millions of kilowatts and the protection of control products, with integrated wind and water cold storage systems based on the core level and pc capabilities in storage and energy. The 12-mw offshore full-power wind transformer, developed by the company on its own, should be applied to the 1 million kilowatt-grade large-capacity wind engine, the Yangtze Land Sea.
One-time access to the grid was achieved by the first crew. Industrial connectivity: building on advanced technology in the company energy Internet, accelerating extension to the industrial sector Application, upgrading the resilience and safety of the industrial chain supply chain, continuously building industrial innovation capabilities and promoting traditional manufacturing
Business is moving toward high-end, intelligent, green, and integrated. Companies are breaking through nuclear technology such as power semiconductors, plc, autonomous products are being used in industry, transport, municipalities, etc., continuously upgrading autonomous, controlled and nationally produced central storage engineering maps.
In addition, companies are actively expanding their overseas markets, international operations are back on track, with new contracts of $58,287 million a year, and 18 countries, including the Philippines, Brazil, Greece and Chile, have established 21 field presences, resulting in power grid-based deployments.
Motivated, transformer plant protection and automation, direct and flexible exchange transmissions, advanced metering systems (ami) and smart meters represent a series of internationalized products with their own product cumulatively tested and sold through 449 international certification tests to more than 110 countries and territories around the world. 23 years of successful Chilean smart meters, Brazilian control cabinets, sands.
Major projects such as Tesvg, South African storage capacity, the delivery of the Indonesian home system, the Chilean transformer power plant project, etc., were fully operational; overseas operations generated $1,394 million, an increase of 104.1 per cent compared to the previous year, representing 2.7 per cent of the total revenue.
Future overseas revenues will also continue to grow.3 The new business continues to be configured, technological breakthroughs drive companies to upgrade, soft direct flows drive and new power systems lead to further growth in corporate performance as key technologies across the spectrum.
In the tri-northern region of the country, new energy loads have risen, and investment in ultra-high voltage transmission projects has gradually increased. The conventional direct stream has a higher transmission capacity and is capable of achieving a stable transmission of electricity, but it has a greater demand for powerless support on the side of communication and a larger area of land: flexible direct flows have more controllability, smaller land area, and not much powerlessness on the side of communication.
At present, four direct-flow high-pressure lines have not yet started in the 1455s, including Xiaozhou, Xingxi-Nan, Munxi-Kingjin and Tsun-Zian, among which Monsi-Kinjin has already begun to operate.
In 2023, the company completed a test of the wind-soft direct transmission project in the North Sea in Germany, and the company's flexible direct flow valves and energy-consumption units prototypes.
A single champion in the domestic manufacturing sector, the company’s first domestic soft-winding and direct-control system in Jiangsu-dong, and the company’s application of flexible direct-flow technology have been further developed to speed up penetration into the distribution and distribution sector, resulting in upward elasticity of performance. Instead, the company’s industrial system is well developed, covering the entire range of new power systems, such as source, network, charge, storage, number, etc., and
Six of the first six pilot projects to further advance key technologies, upgrade core products, and fully support the new generation of the national grid control system, are fully operational, fully supporting and effectively promoting the full roll-out of the new generation, and are expected to be in line with the international giants in the future.
Igbt’s breakthrough in national production technology, and the development of a second growth engine in the emerging field. As a core component of electrical and electronic equipment, Igbt has been widely used in a wide range of fields such as electricity transmission, new energy sources, electricity use, electric cars, industrial control, and so on. This is mostly imported, there has been a trend towards national production in recent years, and the company’s technological breakthrough in the field of Igbt has continued and is now in progress.
1200v, 1700v low-pressure gbt products are autonomously controlled and 3300v, 4500v high-pressure gbt products reconnected; 4500v 30000aigbt is connected to the North Yinging switch station, 1700v and 1200vigbt devices are implemented on the client side, 1,200v silicon carbide devices are applied on a scale in the field of photovolts, plugs, etc.; high reliability 4500v
By means of the technical validation of the new products of the China-China ITU, the high-tech performance indicators have been integrated to international excellence. With the upward trend in global grid investment and the growth of demand for high-quality electricity equipment in overseas markets, firms are expected to increase their profits further, drawing on their technological advantages and product strength.
In addition to igbt, the company’s ongoing business breakthroughs in emerging areas such as carbonated silicon chips, storage energy, smart equipment, industrial Internet, smart fire protection, grid-connected robots, etc., are expected to synchronize traditional and emerging business development.
The impact of upstream metal price fluctuations or market supply and demand relationships, rising prices of company raw materials, may affect corporate production, and new business development is less than expected: companies are actively exploring new off-grid energy operations while attempting to expand overseas. If they are affected by new energy policies or international policies abroad, companies may not be able to open new businesses or new markets as much as they expect.
Industry competition increases the risk: as new energy power and smart grids, virtual power plants become more market-oriented, the number of players in the industry increases. Attention should be paid to the increased risk of competition within the industry.
Policies fall short of expectations: the company’s industries are highly related to new energy sources, electricity, water, etc., and therefore need to be supported by policies that will affect the process of infrastructure development.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.