It's a recognized rear show in the field of semiconductor equipment. It's engaged in the development, production and sale of semiconductor equipment. It's a global semiconductor manufacturer.
The company’s main clients are a build-up, a core international, a Hercules, a wilaya electron, and other equipment.
The plasma etching equipment is one of the three main components of the integrated circuit production line, set up by mocvd as a key device for the preparation of various semiconductor devices, such as optical appliances, power devices, etc.
The mocvd equipment industry has a highly monopolistic pattern of competition. The core technology and products developed by MSMEs are directed to the world’s technological frontier, a rare number of companies in our country that are able to compete directly with the world’s top equipment companies and do not compete directly with the expansion of market ownership, and are recognized by the international semiconductor equipment industry.
Plasma etching equipment: to the world’s most advanced levels, in line with industrial trends. Interceptive equipment developed by companies autonomously has been accepted by mainstream integrated circuit manufacturers, both within and outside the country, and is gradually breaking the monopoly of leading international firms in the domestic market. In the logical integrated circuit manufacturing chain, developed by the company.
High-end etching equipment has been used for a number of critical steps in the most advanced 7 nanometer production line of internationally recognized customers. The company has developed 5 nanometers and more advanced etchings and processes based on the needs of advanced integrated circuit manufacturers.
The technique can be applied to the volume output of the 64th floor, while the company is developing 96th floors and more advanced etching equipment and processes in accordance with the needs of the storage plant. The company's etching equipment technology is at the world's advanced level and conforms to the plasma etching equipment as a large vacuum processing facility and as one of the semiconductor cores.
This includes capacitative plasma etching equipment (ccp, capacitivelycoupledplatma) and electricity, which began with the development of a very high frequency (VHF)-coupled cc-coupled etching device, Primod-rie. To date, two-reaction counters have been successfully developed.
Reaction station Primoad-rie three-generation etching machine products, covering multiple etching applications of critical dimensions ranging from 65 nm, 45 nm, 32 nm, 28 nm, 22 nm, 14 nm, 7 nm to 5 nm.
A reaction cavity with six separate single-reaction stations, or three two-reaction stations. A dual-reaction station etching device can help the client to reduce costs. For example, the ion in the logical circuit is injected into an organic mask.
Since 2012, the company has been developing icp etching equipment, and has so far successfully developed a single counter-station primonanova etching device, while developing a two-reaction table icp etching device. The icp etching device of the public division covers mainly 14 nm, 7 nm, to 5 nm critical dimensions of etching applications.
The electrosensive plasma etching device, Primonanova, is entering the market fast because it is designed to be advanced, process-efficient and sexually expensive, with 20 cavities approved at the client production line, and several leading customers are planning to evaluate the product.
The company has also successfully developed electrosensive deep silicon etching equipment in response to the need for advanced encapsulation of integrated circuits and the development of the mems sensor industry. Silicon etching equipment (tsv series) has entered the international mainstream mems production line, and its performance is not inferior to that of its international counterparts.
Mocvd Equipment: Breaking the Foreign Monopoly, Dominion. With respect to membrane sedimentation equipment, the company began to develop the most critical equipment for the led outreach process in 2010 — mocvd, including the first generation of presmod-blue equipment, the second generation of equipment.
Prismoa7 and the third generation of 30 inches of large-scale equipment being developed can be used for the preparation of blue green light led, power devices, etc. The company's mocvd equipment is a large-scale input product on the industry's leading clients' production line. The company has become the world's top-ranked, home-dominated nitrogenated eleled plant.
By 2017, the mocvd equipment had been largely monopolized by two international manufacturers, Vieco and Atheqian. Since 2017, the mocvd equipment that the company had developed autonomously had gradually broken its monopoly, and the equipment had been procured in large quantities by first-class producers of led, such as triam, luminum, dry light, etc.
At the end of the day, more than 1.100 stations have served more than 40 advanced chip production lines in the country and abroad. 4 inches and 34 single-clan 4 inches of extension are processed. Prismoa7 equipment is highly technologically powerful and already dominates the global nitro-nitrochemical market.
Larger-scale mocvd equipment. The equipment being developed by the company also covers UV-red, mini-profit predictions and investment proposals.
The annual net return profits of the company were 178, 246 and 334 million yuan, representing an increase of 96 per cent, 38 per cent, 1 and less than anticipated risks compared to the same year; 2 and the risk of less than anticipated progress in research and development; 3 and the rate of expansion of the Institute's sales team
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.