The performance forecast for the first quarter of 2025 is a monthly improvement, with net profits of $2.87 billion, or +54.7 per cent, and a monthly improvement in the company’s operating income of $3.18 billion o1 deposit. We expect 25o1 companies to have a similar increase in their stock.
Some markets in Europe are driven by policy orientation, energy transformation, and economics, and demand continues to grow. ▪ Non-recurrent gains and losses include lock-down gains, government subsidies, and financial management gains.
The gain or loss is about 110 million yuan, consisting mainly of three components: lock-down earnings, government subsidies, and fiscal management gains. Of this amount, 25q1 yuan appreciated, and corporate long-term hedging led to lock-down gains; and fiscal gains were mainly structured savings gains, divided into non-recurring gains and losses.
▪ 25 years of multi-point flowering in emerging markets/European households, and the year of the outbreak of the business reserve. Looking at 25 years, we judge: 1 Asia-Africa market continues to grow in demand for grid-restricted household storage energy products due to outdated national grid infrastructure; 25 years of high market demand; companies push.
Single-phase offlines to meet the needs of the Ziafra market;2 European demand is recovering, current industry needs are ready, distributors are in the active stock-up phase, and demand for orders is expected to recover.3 Business reserves in Africa, South-East Asia, Europe, etc., contribute to the growth of their performance as the year of the eruption.
German Shares (605117): 2024 performance forecast  profit forecast and investment rating: we adjusted 2024 profit forecast based on the company ' s fast-track performance report.
German Shares (605117): 2024 Quarterly Reportpoints Review: 2403 Reserves can be highly profitable and strong, and the Micro-Reverse Group East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory business.