Reversers have increased their output, and storage battery packages have grown strongly.
Platoon, equal to 53.73 per cent, of which the storage energy/single/mini-reverser is delivered separately.
Since then, the emerging markets represented by Pakistan, India, the Philippines, Myanmar have experienced rigid demand due to severe power shortages, as well as economic increases due to higher electricity prices, policy push, lower prices for components and batteries.
Wang is one of the most prominent emerging markets; at the same time, companies continue to invest in European markets, capturing the needs of Ukraine’s post-disaster savings. In 2024, companies captured Pakistan, Ukraine, Germany, India.
The emerging market demand, such as in the forest, the Philippines, and Myanmar, has further expanded market coverage, leading to a reversal in corporate output growth. Looking forward to 2025, emerging market demand is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, with Europe’s business reserves.
The growth of the storage battery package is strong. The sales volume of the storage battery package in 2024 was 4,648 million, compared to \triangleright.
1. German share (605117.sh) depth report: Light Storage Reverser New Show with a significant competitive advantage in emerging markets - 2025/ +7.43 ptt. Company battery packages are fully adapted to the full range of storage Reversers products, directed to Asia and Africa
2. German shares (605117.sh) in the tri-quarters of 2024.
High demand in emerging markets, high performance of 24q2 - one-quarter review in 024: two-wheel drive in light storage, industry 24q1
Variators and storage battery packages are expected to continue their high growth, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
2023/10/30 Research findings based on methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.