Lithium Tian Qi (00246.sz) - Annual Report Review. Lithium down-price leads to a staged loss in performance, with a focus on increasing capacity.
Time-cycle mismatch effects; 2) sqm has significantly decreased net profit on a year-on-year basis as a result of tax and fee impacts; 3) the company has made a full allowance for impairment of the assets of the Australian lithium hydroxide II project; and 4) changes in the exchange rate of the Australian dollar and the People ' s Currency against the United States dollar have resulted in a significant increase in exchange rate losses in 2024 on a year-on-year basis.
Core product sales data: 1410 million tons of lithium concentrate were produced in 2024 by Telison, of which the production of chemical-grade compounds and derivatives increased significantly by the same year, with a yield of about 707 million tons, and the mining rights of the Zorra lithium mine in Sichuan, which is actively and orderly moving forward with the selection of the Zorra lithium quartz mine in Yangtze.
There are plans for further expansion in the future, with significant advantages in the processing of lithium in the middle. Among these, the Sichuan Suiningan housing plant project, which completed the climb of capacity in mid-2024, is now fully operational; and the Quinana plant project in Australia, which completed a large-scale technological improvement project in October 2024, is currently in the climb phase.
Investment end: the company holds a sqm 22.16% stake and is its second-largest shareholder.
The three-quarter review of the Lithium industry (00246.sz) showed a slight increase in the three-quarter profit ring, and the six-monthly review of the lithium industry (00246.sz): the second-quarter profit ring fell.
Investment proposal: maintenance of a “better than the big market” rating. Lithium Tianqi (002466.sz) - Lithium mineral resources have a significant advantage, steadily expanding lithium salt production Lithium quartz and lithium salt lake resources, with significant cost advantages, effective protection against industry downside risks, and resource ends still available
Greater potential for expansion provides solid raw material security for the rapid expansion of the production capacity of mid- and long-term lithium salt, which is expected to grow long-term and maintain a “better than the big market” rating. The company lost its performance in 2024, and sales of lithium salt increased significantly on a par.
The company ' s performance in 2024 experienced a significant loss, mainly due to (1) exposure to fluctuations in the markets for lithium products, a significant drop in lithium prices and a significant decline in the sales price of lithium products and Māori on a year-to-year basis, as well as to the company ' s chemical-grade lithium concentrate pricing mechanism and the company ' s lithium chemicals industry, a company-owned subsidiary, Telison
The product marketing pricing mechanism has a time-cycle mismatch effect, resulting in a gradual loss in the company’s performance. With the gradual digestion of new low-cost lithium concentrates into banks and stocks of lithium concentrates, the costs of chemical lithium concentrates consumed in the production costs of companies’ bases are gradually approaching the latest purchase prices, and the phased mismatch of lithium concentrate pricing mechanisms.
2) As disclosed in the performance report of the company ' s important consortium sqm in the first quarter of 2024, in April 2024 the Court of Santiago, Chile, ruled on its tax actions for the 2017 and 2018 tax years, setting aside the tax and customs tribunal ' s findings in the case on 7 November 2022, which led to its confirmation
$1.1 billion in income tax costs and a corresponding reduction in net profits of approximately $1.1 billion. Thus, the company ' s recognized investment returns to the consortium in 2024 fell significantly in the same year. 3) The company ' s board of directors agreed to terminate the two-stage lithium hydroxide project in Australia for the two-stage lithium hydroxide project in Australia.
An analysis and assessment of the assets of the lithium hydroxide II project were prepared for full impairment. The asset impairment losses calculated by the company in 2024 increased significantly on a year-on-year basis. (4) The United States dollar has continued to grow stronger since 2024, and changes in the exchange rates of the Australian dollar and the renminbi have resulted in a 2024 exchange rate.
Figure 2: Corporate net profit return and increase in the volume of core product sales data: Tyllison production operated in 2024 in an orderly manner, producing lithium concentrates.
Of these, 1.10 million tons were chemical-grade lithium concentrates, 1.53 million tons were chemical-grade lithium concentrates, 57,000 tons were technical-grade lithium concentrates, and all of the Tyllison lithium mines were sold to the Tianqi lithium industry and Yapo of the United States of America. The chemical-grade lithium concentrates purchased by the Tianqi lithium industry were mainly used for the production or commissioning of the products into lithium-chemical products.
As a result, the production and sales of lithium compounds and derivatives of the company increased significantly in 2024, with a yield of -885 million yuan, mainly as a result of the tax litigation decisions leading to a significant decline in performance on a year-on-year basis.
Focusing on increasing productive capacity. A steady and orderly push for project construction. Corporate strategic deployment of lithium resources in China, Australia and Chile, with vertically integrated global industrial chains, is committed to a long-term development strategy of “upstream, medium- and downstream”
Working with Global Strategy partners to promote the long-term sustainability of lithium ion cell technology in the electric automobile and energy storage industries, seeking to become a globally influential energy change driver. At the resource end, the company uses the Green Bush lithium mine in Western Australia as a resource base, and the Sichuan Yajiang Tsola lithium mine as a resource base.
Resources reserve. Lithium from Greenbush currently stands at 1.62 million tonnes/year, and the company now uses the average of four major global pricing agencies (fastmarket, benchmarkmineralelligence, s&pglobalplatts and Asian Metalnet) from the past on a quarterly basis, based on the current market environment.
The offer is supplemented by a shareholder discount, which is based on the average price of the four mainstream offer agencies that have been consulted on a monthly basis, and a shareholder discount. There are also two extension plans in Greenbush: 1) cgp3 which are being built up with a design capacity of 520,000 tonnes/year, and the project is now completed in the first half of this year.
The focus will be on the construction of the wet process plant and the phased implementation of the earthworks, which are expected to produce the first batch of lithium concentrates in October 2025; and 2) cgp4 is expected to be launched after the cgp3 project, which will also be a new annual production of 520,000 tons of chemical-grade lithium concentrate, initially scheduled to be completed in 2027.
Lithium minerals can be expected to reach 2.66 million tons/year and 350,000 tons lce/year. The company owns the right to mine lithium mines in Sichuan Jianjiang and the wholly-owned company Lithium Yue was granted a mining licence from the former Sichuan State Land Office on 6 April 2012.
By the end of 2021, the Zola Lithio mine had 632,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent resources, with a resource level of 1.3%. In May 2023, the Lithium-Hinsu industry introduced the strategic investor Purple Mining by means of a capital build-up. The company was actively and orderlyly moving forward.
On 9 January 2024, he received a report from the Yangtze District Development and Reform Agency on the Tsang Lithium Foil Tavern tailings Project. On 18 March 2024, he and other lithium industry companies in the Methca region jointly invested in a joint venture to build 220kv
On 16 August 2024, the Lithium-rich industry acquired the Yajiang County Natural Resources and Planning Authority ' s opinion on the location and location of the construction project for the Tsola Lithium Plumbite Tlate Treasure Repository project.
On 9 December 2024, the Lithium Alloy industry signed an investment agreement with other lithium companies in the Methca mine to co-finance a joint venture to establish a tailings bank project and a water collection facility project to jointly undertake related operations and production related to the planning, development and management of the Te White Trench tailings bank.
At the end of the product side, the company currently has five production bases for lithium chemical products, including two expansion projects.t/year, lithium hydroxide production capacity of 5,000 tonnes/year, lithium chloride production capacity of 4500 tonnes/year; 2) Jiang Sujiang
The production base is the world's first fully automated battery-grade lithium carbonate plant in mature operation, with a capacity of 20,000 tons per year, and the company has initiated a 30,000-ton lithium hydroxide project; 3) the copper beam production base in Chongqing is mainly engaged in the development and production of lithium metal products, with a capacity of 600 tons per year, and the copper beam base is proposed to expand the 1,000-ton lithium metal project; 4) the Sichuan Suoxinin project
The product whose output met the battery-grade lithium carbonate standard was confirmed on 21 December, 2024, was able to climb the production slope and is currently fully operational. Foreign base: Australia’s Quinana plant (the first lithium hydrogen oxide project) is the first fully automated battery-grade lithium hydroxide plant to be operational worldwide, with battery-grade hydrogen currently being built
With a capacity of 240.000 tonnes/year, the project completed a large-scale technological improvement project in October 2024 and is currently in the climb phase. In summary, the company has now built up a capacity of about 91,600 tonnes of lithium chemical products, and there are plans for further expansion in the future, with significant advantages in the processing of lithium in the middle and middle.
At the end of the investment, the company now holds a share of 22.16%. Sqm is the world’s largest producer of lithium from salt lakes, operating the largest global reserve of lithium salt lake, Atacama Salt Lake. Sqm sold about 170,000 tons of lithium salt in 2023, 205,000 tons of lithium salt in 2024, corresponding to 20.53% of the year, and Sqm earned business income in 2024 at the same rate as the yuan.
In addition, sqm holds 50% of the share in the Western Australia mt holland project, mtholland produced the first ton of lithium concentrate in the fourth quarter of 2023, and mt holland is expected to produce 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide annually.
Figure 6: Lithium salt sales and sales prices
The world's best lithium quartz and lithium salt lake resources, with significant cost advantages, effective protection against industry downside risks, still have greater potential for expansion of resources, solid material security for rapid expansion of middle- and middle-lying lithium salt production, and medium- and long-term growth is expected to maintain a “better than the big market” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject