Company review study — Real estate industry, 7th of February 2021.
In January, 15 new development projects were created, covering 3.08 million sites and 2.64 million sites, amounting to $16.3 billion in land and $15.17 billion in land. At the end of the line, the sales volume reached a new high in January, ranking the fourth highest in the 100 countries in the same period.
Wang Qiuyu, with an increase of 82.6% from the previous year, recorded a record increase in single-month sales in January; sales increased by raising the average price of sales.
In January 2021, Paulie ranked fourth in the country in terms of sales in full calibre and equity, one step ahead of 2020: the intensity of the ground was slightly less than December 20 years, but more than 20 years ago.
In January, the company was concentrated in the second and third line of cities. The second line of cities accounted for 40.5 per cent of the total amount of land.
The top three cities, Hangzhou (2.61 billion yuan), Foshan ($2.23 billion) and Suzhou ($2.14 billion), are all second-line cities, and companies still tend to favour the central cities of the advanced economic circle, with a better layout.
Financial aspects: All three red lines are fully met, and performance is high. As of 2003, debt was 1.7 per cent, secure three red lines, and it was green. In the broader context of the prudential financial management system, as a model student, companies are more likely to invest more in the land market.
By the end of 2003, companies received advance payments + investment proposals: Paulie's annual sales were at the top of the industry, and starting in the second half of 2020, the firm began to strengthen its position, which was still higher in January than in the whole of 2020.
According to the three-way red line standard, the company is a green house company with a sound financial position and a financing cost. Figure 1: The size of the company ' s sales and the rate of increase in the same year. Figure 2: The value of the company ' s sales in the same year and the rate of increase in the same year.
Figure 3: Size of company's single-month sales and year-on-year figure 4: Company's monthly sales and year-on-year figure 5: Average sales value of company's calendar year and year-on-year ratio
Figure 6: Corporate average monthly sales and same-year corporate data - get to the end: Figure 7: Size of the company's land taken in calendar years and speed of increase in the same year
Figure 8: Landing amounts of companies in previous years and rate of increase over the same year Figure 9: Proportion of annual land claims
Figure 11: Monthly area of land taken by the company and comparative figures Figure 12: Monthly amount of land taken by the company and comparative figures Figure 13: Ratio of monthly land rights taken by the company
Figure 14: Monthly land intensity of companies Company data - debt-related Figure 15: Indicators related to the company's three red lines
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.