A company review study — Real estate industry — 14 March 2021.
15 new development projects in February, including 2.95 million floors, 1.8 million floors, $16.2 billion in land and $9.4 billion in land. At the end of the month, sales grew steadily, corresponding to an increase in average prices.
The current area of sales is 2.0760 million, an increase of 58 per cent and a decline of 1.4 per cent over the previous year, compared with the 9.8 per cent increase in February 2019 for Wang Qiu Yi; the contract sales volume was 32 billion yuan, an increase of 59.5 per cent for the same year.
Sales have continued to grow steadily, with Paulie ranked in the top four countries in January-February 2021, and one in the year 2020, according to the 100-percent sales list published by Kres Information Group.
In February, the company added 15 new premises with a surface area of 2.95 million, amounting to $16.19 billion; corresponding to an average ground cost of $5490 per square metre. In February, from the point of view of land strength, the company's surface
In February, the area of land was concentrated on the second-line city. At land value, the first-line city was 12.7 per cent, the second-line city 65 per cent and the third-line city 22.3 per cent.
The three cities, Chongqing ($4 billion), Nanjing ($2.2 billion) and Beijing ($2.05 billion), are better-placed by companies that tend to favour the core cities of the developed world.
Financial aspects: Three red lines are fully met and performance is high. As of 2020q3 (600048.sh): three red lines secure, sales start year debt equal to 1.7, three red lines secure, green house company.
In a broader context, as a model student, it is easier for companies to invest more in the land market and capture the window period of the overall downside of the land premium rate.
The firm is a green-street company, has a sound financial position, and has a comparative advantage in the industry in terms of background financing costs. Based on performance quick reporting, 20 years of expected net return profits increase by 3.4% over the same period; the company is expected to have a share in 21-22 years.
Figure 1: Size of the company ' s sales in the calendar year and rate of increase in the same year Figure 2: Value of the company ' s sales in the calendar year and rate of increase in the same year Figure 3: Size of the company ' s sales in the single month and rate of increase in the same year
Figure 4: Monthly sales of companies and year-on-year figures Figure 5: Average sales of companies and year-on-year figures Figure 6: Average monthly sales of companies and year-on-year
Company data - location: Figure 7: Size of land taken by the company in the calendar year and rate of increase in the same year. Figure 8: Amount of land taken by the company in the calendar year and rate of increase in the same year
Figure 9: Proportion of annual land acquisition rights, Figure 10: Annual land acquisition intensity, Figure 11: Monthly land area of companies and year-on-year ratio
Figure 12: Monthly amount of land taken by the company and comparative figures Figure 13: Ratio of monthly land rights of the company Figure 14: Monthly strength of land taken by the company
Company data - debt-related Figure 15: Indicators related to the Company's Three Red Line I undertook to present this report independently, objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has passed.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report. The Institute has been mainly engaged in research in the real estate sector and related upstream and downstream chains.