Chang-Ann's car (000625.sz) Chang-Aun's car: The start of a new cycle of co-financing and autonomous products
The Autonomous New Product Cycle begins with an over-expected sale of the new model, which is run by four major groups of Chinese automobiles, with four autonomous brands, namely, the Cheong An, the Middle and High-end, the O'Shang and Kaicheng vehicles, and joint ventures such as the Long Anfort and the Long Amartha.
The new product cycle of the company’s own brand, which is dominated by cs55, cs75, and cs95, has been shaped, the sales of cs75plus have continued to be over-expected, and the market feedback has been intense.
Because: 1) pricing has a significant advantage over bid models; 2) product interior and interior decorations have changed significantly and are designed for younger sports; 3) company marketing channels have improved, marketing strategies have been successful and brand power has been enhanced; 4) smart layouts are ahead of schedule, and Chang-Ann has now issued an auto-driving model at level 193; 5) pure electricity and plug-in vehicles have been distributed
We believe that there has been a significant increase in the brand power, product design, hardware and software configuration, marketing strategies and marketing channels, and that sales and performance are expected to accelerate against the backdrop of industry warming and policy support.
The Ford China 2.0 strategy was officially launched, with significant improvements in Ford China from Ford China management to new product planning. In the next three years, Chang An Ford will launch over 30 new Ford and Lincoln brand models for Chinese consumers, more than 10 of which will be new energy models and increase autopilot research.
As a first product launched under the Ford China 330 program, Fordescape, located between the Wing Tigers and the Ultimate, was placed on the market in April 2019. Meanwhile, the Lincoln Adventurers began their national production and will fly on the market.
Under the Beidou Sky Constabulary, a new compact car has been launched, with a new compact suv-uni-t on board, a level-I3 autopilot system. Long Annford has dropped from a million annual sales to 200,000 annual sales, and the company's new product cycles, channels, etc.
With the improvement and management reforms and the build-up of Lincoln's national product, sales are expected to bounce back, and we believe that the long-term fortune will be met with a new round of corporate reform dividends.
In sum, we believe that the new product cycle of the autonomous and joint venture of the Chang-An automobile will warm up the volume and profitability of the two-wheel-drive company, the value of the country as a whole, the value of which is clear and future growth is possible.
New products are sold less than expected, domestic automobiles are sold less than expected, and intelligent electrodynamics are less than expected.1 Long An autonomous brands are warming up in cars.2 Long Anfort's new model and Lincoln's national model are selling more than expected.
Unlike the general public's perception, the market is generally characterized by a decline in propriety and Ford sales, and a gradual erosion of brand power.
The new cycle of autonomous and Ford-based products and the acceleration of corporate reform are expected to bring company sales and profitability back on track, and autonomy and joint ventures will gradually return to the first ladder. The sales of autonomous suv models, such as cs85coupe, cs75 replacement cs75plus, are over-expected.
After Oshan became an independent brand, new models were sold more than expected.3 Long Anfort's new model and Lincoln's home-grown model were sold more than expected.4 New energy vehicles were sold more than expected.
On October 31, 1996, Chongqing Changqing’s Cheonan Automobile Company Ltd. was founded as the Chinese Chang An Automobile Group on October 19, 1996, the company publicly released the RMB’s general-a share to society, increasing its total equity to RMB 876,190,000.
(i) Large State-owned whole-car manufacturing enterprises, a+b, with an overall listing of 100 million shares, or 81.22 per cent; b stock of 902 million shares, or 18.78 per cent. Of the top 10 shareholders, China Armored and Armored Group Limited held 1,035 million shares, with 21.56 per cent of the shares held by the company.
The effective control is the State Council State Assets Supervision and Management Committee; the China Chang An Automobile Group Ltd. holds 928 million shares in the company ' s shares, representing 19.32% of the shares; there are currently 47 holding holdings, participating subsidiaries and joint ventures under the company ' s flag.
In September 2018, Chang Angang's car bought 50% of the shares of Chang An Suzuki held by Japanese companies at $1 cash, and finished handing over the shares by 2018.
From the China-Japan joint venture to the Chang-an-Aun fully owned subsidiary. (ii) Industry warming is imminent, with the impact of a quarter of active layout smart + electric drive, the domestic automobile industry stagnated in February, the heat recovery is significant in March, and industry demand lags behind.
In the second quarter, a gradual release, backed up by domestic policies, will accelerate the recovery of the industry. We believe that the domestic automotive sector will accelerate the process of clear output, that differentiation will intensify, and that the new product cycle, which divides the poles, will support the continued increase in its market share, and that the profitability will recover significantly thereafter.
Figure 4: Car sales ranking (in thousands) The total number of company sales in 2019 was 1.76 million and the market share was 2.4 per cent of the 10 largest groups of cars. The third market share in 2019 was 12.89 per cent of the 10 largest cars.
Industry and company automobile sales are increasing at a slower rate, and Chang-Aon publishes the Third Entrepreneurship-Innovation Strategic Plan. In line with the development vision of “One Core + Four Transformations”, Chang-Ain will focus on promoting four major transformations, moving from service to market customers, from traditional to intelligent + new energy products, and from product + services to product + uniforms.
A shift from business products to business brands. “Change from business products to business brands”: Chang An will optimize the existing brand structure under the overall strategy of branding upwards, creating four major brands: a long- and high-end vehicle, a medium- and high-end vehicle, an Oshan car, and a Kaicho car, to provide more focused product and service support to market users in the various segmented markets.
In 2017, the company proposed a new new energy strategy, the Shangri-La Plan, which aims to electrify the entire spectrum of products by 2020 through four strategic actions: “One Million Action”, “One Million Research and Development”, “Partnerships”, “Experient Experience” and the completion of three new energy-specific platforms.
The main elements of the Plan are: 100 billion yuan in new energy vehicles: 30 billion yuan in power cells, 20 billion yuan in shared, recharged facilities and services, 10 billion yuan in new energy-specific platforms, and 40 billion yuan in new energy products development. Three new energy-specific platforms will be developed by 2025, with 33 new energy resources launched.
Source products, including pure electric products, section 21, plugged-in hybrid products, section 12. By 2025, Chang An will have accumulated a fully spectral model covering small vehicles to high-performance motor vehicles and will have stopped producing traditional fuel models. In 2018, the company registered as Chongqing Chang An New Energy Motors Technology Ltd.; layout batteries, igbt, entry
The company, in collaboration with the Biadi and Ulai automobiles strategy, is deeply integrated with such technology enterprises as Gold and Wah, will be charged with the future eco-economy of the national grid, the special electricity joint layout, and will sign a framework agreement with Chongqing City for the construction of a new energy industry park, the original size of the “Shangriara” alliance.
A total of 868,000 vehicles were sold, representing an increase of 41.80 per cent over the same period, and successful in the development and release of v460, vs. 360, cs75phev, among other products.
The largest amount was in the case of auto-freeev, with a cumulative annual sales volume of 23,000 vehicles, representing 82% of the total sales. In November of the same year, the formal financing of Chang An-New Energy was completed, and at the end of the year four strategic investors, including the Long and New Equity Fund, the Yujiang Fund, the Southern Industrial Fund, the Nanjing Yunko Investment, etc., gave up their replenishment priority rights.
In addition to this, the new energy source will bring new models such as a pure electric car type as e-rock.
In August 2018, the company officially launched the Beidou Sky Constellation Smartness Strategy, together with the Plan of Action "4+1": the Sound Partnership Programme, the Partnership Initiative, the Smart Experiences Initiative, the Smart Alliance Initiative and the 100-billion-strong Plan.
The Sound Partnership Project, the Partnership Initiative, the Smart Alliance Initiative.
Intelligent experiential action — building intelligent driving, building by 2020.
High-level autopilot intelligence, smart network, stereo-sized development of 2,000 people.
The platform, the three major drivers of traffic, five major experience studies.
♪ On the ground ♪ ♪ On a thousand-thousand-class guest ♪ ♪ Help system ♪
• In 2025, a class I4 family experience team was established to form an intelligent driving ecology:
Auto-Driving Smart Opens - 2025, Car Loads and Boxers, Del
Human-sized developers Fuku, Intel, China team, software developers
For, Gold, Beidou, by 2025, we're going to build a constellation of stars and stars.
Five global experiences, common sense, horizons, nine major experiences.
• Smart Web Union Ecology:
With tungsten, ibm, movement, connections, Quetta, Botaire, etc.
Coupe led two major autopilot core technologies -- apa4.0 passenger parking system integrated with Iacc self-adapted to cruise technology; a new compact sedan absconding plus and a new compact suv-uni-t, and a level 1.3.
Automated driving systems. (iii) Industry warming + new product cycle, profit + valuation double-up period 70,595 million yuan gross operating income achieved by the company in 2019, an increase of 6.48 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net loss of profit to the mother
The vehicle model, which will be dominated by Ford's new product cycle, is expected to roll out more than 15 cars over the next three years, and we believe that the dual and dynamic new product cycle of autonomous plus joint ventures will drive companies to double profit and valuation, and that future industries to improve marginal performance will have great scope and elasticity.
Figure 7: Corporate revenue collection and speed of increase Figure 8: Single parent net profit, Māori rate and roe chart Figure 9: Corporate return on investment and net parent profit
Figure 10: Investment gains from major joint ventures (in billions of yuan) Autonomous plus new joint venture product cycle-driven strong corporate rebounds (i) Cost control overcrowding capacity-building drive long-associated self-inflection rebounds
In April 2018, Chang-Ann launched the Third Entrepreneurship-Innovation Strategy to optimize existing brands and create new medium- and high-end vehicles, long-end vehicles, Oshan vehicles, and Kai-Cheng vehicles from high to low four brands.
Now that the plan has been in place for two years, and has entered the 3.0 phase, the company will further deepen its strategic achievements and become the world's most abundant vehicle-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-suv-type car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-
Suv is rich in Oshankosai, Oshanx70a, Oshancx70, Oshankosai5, Oshankosai3 and Oshanx7, mpv is rich in Oshana 600, Oshancoshan, Onos, Oshana 800, and Oshana.
In 2019, 16.18 million vehicles were sold, accounting for 69.57 per cent of the sales of the Cheonan Automobile Automobile, and in 2018, the company President Ann brand introduced the second generation, the second generation xt, the third generation Xt, the cs35plus replacement model, and in 2019, the cs85coupe, the new energy model of the Fugitiveet and the forthcoming cs75
The replacement model cs75plus, with the company releasing the corresponding remodels every year. In 2020, two new electric cars were released, with long Aoshanx7ev and long Aoshankoshanev. (ii) Ford accelerated product upgrades and Suzuki River bells were re-established.
Founded on 25 April 2001, with 50 per cent co-financed by the Cheonan Motors Company and Ford Motors Company. Chang Ann Ford was the champion of the joint venture brand in the company. 3,777,000 vehicles were sold in 2018, a decrease of 54.38 per cent in the same year; and 18.4 million vehicles were sold in 2019, a decrease in the same year.
83%. Car sales account for more than 70% of Long Ann Ford's total sales. ForWise sales are on Long Ann Ford's model, with annual sales of 6.28 million vehicles, a decrease of 58.24% compared to the previous year. In addition to ForWise, Wingborg, Wing Tigers, Mondior, and Ultra have reached the end of product life. The ageing and slow roll-out of new models are important for the significant decline in Long Annford's sales.
Figure 20: Ford Strategic Plan — Ford China Product 330 Project
• By 2015, more than 50 new models for China will be launched in the next three years
New engines and transformers, including eight new SUVs, have been built specifically for Chinese consumers.
At least 15 Ford and Lin's Ford and Lincoln brand new cars will expand their capacity to 1.2 million.
Ken's brand is electric; since then, more than 10 of them are new, starting in 2019, with 5 new domestic products.
It's a car type, including a Lincoln Howe smart technology program, Hwasuv and the first pure electric suv.
• China Innovation Plan • Collection in China by 2025 • Strategic Partnership Programme
Ford China Talent Scheme • By the end of 2019, all new cars produced and sold in China
In April 2011, the “1515” strategy was launched. During this period, Chang Anfort launched new vehicles, such as the Taurus, the Foresius, the Wings, the Tigers and the Ultra World, which grew from 403,000 in 2010 to 868.7 million in 2015.
In December 2017, the “China 2025 Project” was launched. Only 16 months later, the adjusted “Fort China 2.0” strategy was released.
Ford launched five major projects at the Ford China 2.0 launch - the Ford China Product 330, the Smart Technology Program, the China Innovation Plan, the Strategic Partnership Plan, and the Ford China Talent Program. The Ford China Product 330 is the launch of more than 30 new Ford and Lincoln brand models for Chinese consumers over the next three years.
More than 10 are new energy models, with more intensive autopilot research and development to speed up product renewal, which will be reduced by 30%. The Smart Technology Program refers to the launch of the Ford Ideal Information and Recreation System sync+, which combines 100% of artificial intelligence core technology; by the end of 2019, 100% of all Ford and Lincoln brand new cars sold in China will have been made available.
A networked vehicle; from 2019, the majority of new models sold in China will be equipped with co-pilot360 intellectual driving support systems; and in 2021, the first-painted cellular connection technology (c-v2x), which will enhance the motor vehicle ' s permeability to the surrounding environment, thereby helping to improve vehicle safety and road traffic efficiency and promote autopilot.
For the first time at the launch, Ford China released a new suvforteescape, located above Ford's wing tigers. As a first product launched under the Ford China 330 program, the new car was introduced in a titanium version unique to the Chinese market.
The front-face design -- the front lamp and the front grid converged through chrome-plated lines, passing horizontal visual tension, and the grid was designed in the form of a "star dome" that created a sense of fine, harmonious, fashion-driven experience. At the same time, the new car, with its long axle length and large size, made the interior of the car more spacious. In the future, the whole new Fordescape will be born by Long Anford.
Figure 21: Fortescape 2019, Lincoln began national production. Lincoln's first national car, Lincoln Corsair, became a nation in October 2019.
Lincoln navigators and airfarers are expected to be national by 2020, and Lincoln’s national production process has accelerated.
Co-financed by the company Ltd. and the Japan Automobile Company, each of them owns 50% of the shares. With the rest of the joint venture division ' s net profit in 2018 being both negative, Chang Amajda remains stable and has a more robust net profit. In 2018, there were 1,663,000 vehicles sold, a decrease of 13.41% in the same year, and in 2019, there was a decrease in the volume sold.
In 2016, car sales accounted for 22.28% of the total sales of the Long Anmajda, Anksala being the main sales force. In 2018, sales amounted to 12.11 million vehicles, a 15.05% decline in the same year; in 2019, Anksala sales amounted to 98.6 million vehicles, a 22.28% decline in the same year.
Anxera, the most popular consumer in the Majuda product line, sold over 100,000 vehicles for the third year in a row, with a change in place in 2019. Chang Amazuta will also launch a pure electric product in 2020, based on a new energy vehicle with a long-term energy model.
The engine that introduced the second generation of the "skyactiv-x" technology, which was also expected to be locally produced at the Nanjing plant in Madhuda, compressed the mixture of gasoline and air through pistons. The second generation of the "skyactiv-x" engine, which now automatically ignites the combustion technology (pressure ignition), was the first practical application of productization on a global scale.
The unique way to burn "spcci" allows a seamless switch between sparks and flammation. The new generation of "skyactiv-x" engines will be raised by 10-30% more torque than the current "scramble blue-skyactiv-g" full-speed zone.
The blue-skyactiv-g engine has been raised by up to 20-30%. Chang An has been set up in November 2011 and co-financed by China’s Chang An Automobile Group, which has limited shares, and the French Psa Group, which each has 50% shares.
Ann Motors, Inc., purchased 50% of the shares in the long Anpa stock held by China’s Chang An Car Group for $2 billion. Chang An Psa achieved production in September 2013, with an annual capacity of 200,000 full-size cars and matching engine capacity.
In September 2018, Chang An, a joint venture, awarded 50 per cent of the shares of Snow Dragon Motors Ltd., and Chang An, announcing its dissolution. Chongqing, An Suzuki Motors Ltd. was established in May 1993. In September 2018, Chang An and Suzuki Corporation and Suzuki Investment Ltd. entered into an agreement to buy 50 per cent of Chang An Suzuki held by Japanese companies in cash for $1.
In recent years, there has been a downward trend in sales of 17.6 million vehicles in 2019, a decline of 57.38% in sales.
The division holds 50% of the shares in the Jiang bell holdings. The Jiang bell holdings are divided in a sustainable manner and are divided into new companies. The Jiang bell investment and the successor company Jiang bell holdings. 41.03% of the shares in the Jiang bell cars are inherited by the separate new company, and the shareholders in the Jiang bells will be changed from the Jiang bell holdings to the Jiang bell.
Strategic investors. When the replenishment is completed, the registered capital of the Jiang bell holdings will be increased from RMB 1 billion to RMB 2 billion, Aiki will hold 50% of the Jiang bell holdings, and Chang An and Jiang bell shares will be diluted from 50% to 25%.
In 2017, the Jiang bell holdings peaked in sales of 382.1 million vehicles and 290,000 in 2019, an increase of 1.75 per cent over the same year.
Companies insist on investing about 5% of their annual sales earnings in R & D, with R & D spending second to operating income, with 1225 patents validly invented as of 2018. Companies insist on autonomous innovation, have established a “Ten Nations” global collaborative R & D system, including the United States, Japan, the United Kingdom, Italy, etc., and have built “two Houses of Seven”3
The Centre's sophisticated R & D organization, with nearly 10,000 R & D teams from 18 countries around the world, has developed product R & D process systems and product testing certification systems. On April 9, 2019, the Changon Motors Global Smart R & D Platform and the Global Age.
In eight years, a total of 4.3 billion yuan was invested in more than 1,000 acres of land, seven major features of design, testing, management, 12 major areas of simulation, noise vibration, passive safety, 180 live rooms, such as hybrid power, air conditioning systems, non-metal materials, and leading global data centres using cloud technology.
At an early stage, the company’s own brand built on the technology of the Fortelle joint venture and continuously upgraded its own car-making technology through autonomous research and development. The 1.0t engine on board by Chang Ang Hao Shun V7 was redeveloped and developed, building on the technology of the Ford 1.0t engine, and was eventually developed at the UK’s research and development centre.
The "New Blue Whale 280t direct-jet booster engine" mounted by Chang-An-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin-Seng is a new product of the long-Son power brand Blurcore, from design to R & D to production and assembly, with 100% autonomous R & D of the whole process. The engine is boosted by a pulse turbo booster technology, 200 bar high volts five times.
Integrating applications such as technology, with 131kw's maximum power and 265n m's maximum torque, not only in the same class, but even in comparison with many 1.8t engines, which were rated Chinese Heart as the 10th of 2018, and after 2017, Chang An's autonomous R & D engine was re-elected.
Fourth, profit forecasts and investment proposals suggest that new products are sold less than expected, domestic automobile sales less than expected, and intelligent electrodynamicization less than expected.
Xu Jialine, the author of the Institute's sales team, has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.