In China, the aluminium industry (60160.sh) has suffered from rising costs that have contributed to the company ' s performance and have continued to reduce efficiency gains and structural excellence.
22 March 2023 The price of raw materials dropped the Māori rate and the company's performance fell in 2022. \triangleright
Market data: 21 March 2023, coal production of 10.74 million tons, an increase of 30.34 per cent over the same period; meanwhile, the cost of electrolytic aluminium has fallen and is expected to increase profitability in 2023, benefiting from an increase in coal sales.
The \triangleright power cost hike reduced the profitability of the electrolytic aluminium industry and eased the cost pressure in 2023. According to the Beichuan Mobil data, the weighted full cost of the electrolytic aluminium industry on March 17 was $17336 per tonne.
In addition, the overseas energy crisis led to the shutdown of several electrolytic aluminium enterprises in Europe, and to a reduction of about 3 million tons in electrolytic aluminium production due to the dry water of the southwest of the country.
The company is a resource-based enterprise, not only the largest in the country, but also home to around 1.8 billion tons of bauxite resources abroad.
Yang Lilong, a leading business in the aluminium industry, with a complete industrial chain, a deep-cost lead strategy, 17,64 million tons of aluminium oxide in 2022, with a self-supply rate of 100 per cent; electricity and bauxite partly self-supporting, integrated cloths
The Bureau helps companies to reduce efficiency gains. The company acquires 29.10% of the shares in aluminium, becomes a shareholder in an aluminum stock, and integrates them into the consolidated statements, optimizing its own asset structure, while also helping to leverage its resource-side advantages and make a transition to green aluminium.
\triangleright Downstream demand for electrolytic aluminium less than expected risk; risk of price volatility for raw materials and energy; bauxite mining \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.