Fozhanhaianflavouringandfood (603288ch) Short-term sound operation and long-term competitiveness consolidation
The view focus investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forengleshsummary) is a classic catcher for performance growth with the upgrading of classics and rapid penetration of new products.
In terms of products, the company will continue to consolidate its core business excellence, such as soy sauce, aphid oil, sauce, etc., and maintain robust growth through product upgrading, with healthy nutrition tracks such as organic, thin salt, non-pyridium. In terms of new products, new products (e.g., liquor, vinegar, recovery).
There is still much room for development in the future, and there is a high rate of growth and sustainability. Companies will actively develop new products, moving from coarse development to fine-tuning operations, extending from a single category.
On the other hand, as firms move forward with the transformation of supply chains, building flexible supply chain systems to match and diversify channels and demand, and as firms increase their responsiveness to customization needs and their capacity to manage costs, there is a potential for scale effects and high turnover to help companies.
To gain a greater share of the market. Companies continue to tap down the market potential based on a strong network of channels and rich product tectonics. As the goods expand and the channels sink. Beyond that, in 2024, the company's online channels generated $1.240 billion, a year-on-year increase.
The rapid growth of online channels has helped to build a more stereo marketing network and continuously expand the company’s competitiveness. Cost advantages are expected to continue, and sales costs may increase.
In addition, the ratio of end-to-end and end-to-end sales costs is lower than in previous years or adjusted, and the cost of end-to-end sales is projected to be lower,c end-to-end sales.
Port stock listings lay the foundation for an internationalization strategy. Companies move out of the country in an orderly fashion, and medium- and long-term corporate performance is expected to benefit from offshore markets with a good consumer base and a strong demand for spices.
Localizing business strategy, steadily exploring, developing differentiated core monolithic, precision-taking Song Qiqong