Prominent product innovation is growing rapidly.
The company is a professional spice production and marketing company, a long history of China, and the Chinese People's Republic of China.
The Ministry of Commerce announced one of the first Chinese companies to be known as "The Old Chinese" . The products currently produced are over 1450 sku and worth over 200 billion yuan a year. According to Frost Sullivan, the company is the absolute leader in China's spice industry in 2024, and the top five in the world.
In terms of sales, the company has been China’s largest connoisseur company for 28 years. The company’s sales of soy sauce and herbium products have been among the top of the Chinese market for many years, as well as of sauce, vinegar, and alcohol.
• There is still room for greater concentration in the taste industry, leading enterprises with greater advantage at the lowest/highest level in a year: the taste industry has a large market size, a strong sticky consumer and a strong need for attributes, etc.
In 2024, China’s taster industry, cr5, has only 10.9% market share concentration, higher than China’s market, and there is still much room for structural improvement in China’s taster market. As the overall growth rate of the industry slowed, competition intensified, leading firms developed over the years.
Experience, brand influence and channel advantages, coupled with future opportunities for expanding demand in international markets, are expected to give priority to the benefits of increased concentration in the industry.
The company’s management is more experienced in its work in the conservant industry, and in a competitive environment in the industry, a well-tested regulator is more conducive to managing industry trends. In 2023, the company adjusted its production and sales pace in a timely manner to ease short-term channel pressures resulting from changes in consumption patterns in previous years.
For the first time since the company landed a stock in 2014, equity incentives were targeted to the highest percentage of marketing centres (over 60 per cent), fully stimulating the work of marketing staff and contributing to rapid growth in the size of the company ' s collections during the rapid industrial roll-out phase.
Corporate governance structures, sound incentives and incentives to attract, motivate, retain and promote sustained, robust and rapid corporate growth.
With 80% household penetration, China’s consumers are the first to choose the taste brand. The company continues to promote multi-species strategies for the different needs of restaurants, food processing enterprises, and residents’ users, as well as for the dietary characteristics of China’s various regions and countries.
The same income increased by 14.0 per cent, contributing 25.1 per cent of the size of the income, and 33.6 per cent of the income of organic, salt-reducing and health-care products, far above the 8.9 per cent and 8.6 per cent growth of corporate soy sauce and ale oil products.
The benefits are expected to be higher in terms of concentration, and the company’s management is experienced in effectively responding to industry restructuring. The company is about to land its share in the port, enabling the expansion of the business to further upgrade the product, giving the company a “strongly recommended” rating.
The China-China Phenomenon Industry, a leading company in China, was founded in April 2000 with a legacy of over 400 years and a long history as the first Chinese-China-old company published by the Chinese People's Republic Department of Commerce. On February 11, 2014, the Sea-Technology Industry (603288)
The company’s appetizer industry is characterized by a large market, a strong sticky user and consumer, and a strong needs-based industry. The company’s predecessor dates back to 1955, when 25 palate gardens in Fushan City, Guangdong Province, were merged into a public-private partnership in Fushan City.
The company has been focusing on the production and sale of spices, and has become the world’s leading company for the production and sale of spices. The company has a rich matrix of products, and the sale of soy sauce and alfon oil products has been among the top in the Chinese market for many years, and the city is among the top in China.
It also produces a variety of products, such as spice juice, chicken sperm, and currently produces more than a thousand skus, such as soy sauce, alfon oil, sauce, vinegar, and more than $20 billion a year. In 2024, the company continued to be a leader in the spice industry, selling more than 4.5 million tons.
Over $26.9 billion, with a net profit of $6.3 billion, was ranked first in the industry. The Kaido Consumer Index, Global Brand Footprint 2024, reported in China's Rapid Consumers Market Report, showed 80% household penetration in Sea Sky, 4th place in China's Rapid Consumer Product Brand, and tops China's consumer's choice of a spice brand.
A list of 2025c-bpi was published, and the world's top four champions in the spice industry, the four main categories of seafood oil, aphid oil, soy sauce, and vinegar, were ranked first in high rankings, with soy sauce at the top of the 15th grade of the Union. The company had the largest single series of 7 billion grades and above a year, and had the largest number of singles in the Chinese spice industry;
1.1. The history of the development of the sea sky: a long history and a leading industry enterprise.
Since Qingdao, one of China’s four most famous towns, Foshan has opened a soybean garden. In late Qing Dynasty, Foshan's soybean garden has grown considerably. In addition to marketing in the city and in the four towns, products are sold to the Xijiang and the North River. Before and after the founding of the country, many of the soybean gardens are sold directly to Hong Kong and Macao.
In Hong Kong, the Goose Gardens of Favourite have attempted to regroup and form a “sea-tian oil factory” to be the foreground of today’s sea sky. Figure 1: Sea-terrestrial origins have gone through 400 years, and sea-terrestrials have changed production in the soy sauce industry: at the end of 1994, the former single state-owned economy was restructured to fund the individual employees and the state.