Next year, Yutai, Guizhou, with a total of 3450,000 tons planned, will raise the size of his own camp.
The planned volume is 3450,000 tonnes, an increase of more than 8% from the same year, and the planned increase in sales is in line with expectations. Next year's distribution rate will be 345,000 tonnes, with a further increase in the self-employment ratio, and the channels will be developed.
The plan is intended mainly for the following purposes: 1) to continue to conclude contracts with distributors in accordance with the principle of “no gain/no loss”; 2) to arrange for the sale of the liquor from the supermarkets, electric power suppliers, and group purchasing schemes, along the lines and requirements of the flat flattening. At least 6,000 tons of the 7,500 tons of wine released before Spring Day will be sold at the front desk.
In the first half of next year, a new electricity company will be set up.
The focus will be on strengthening the management of airports, high-tech shops; 3) the company will focus on such channels as supermarkets, electricity dealers, and group purchasing, and will increase its direct marketing efforts to fill gaps in the market, reduce the number of middle-ring festivals, and genuinely develop old and new channels.iv, 43-degree weddings will be increased in Beijing, Jiangsu, Jiangsu, etc.
Zhejiang and Shandong are investing hard to double in two years. Xiaoxi expects a stable price for spring wine, a low probability of short-term price increases, and a high level of certainty of performance.
A number of distribution rights have been removed, and it is expected that next year ' s distributors ' quota will be less than 17,000 tons, that direct channels will be gradually consolidated, and that the prices will be more stable during the spring season. Moreover, we believe that the low probability of short-term price increases is mainly due to: 1) next year ' s market sales (up by more than 8%) + structure
The substantial upgrading of the upgrade + direct + self-employment channels has ensured firm performance, and firm performance is more certain, and profits are expected to increase at a faster rate than revenue growth; and 2) the company has indicated that it will build on the foundation year of 2020, with a “sustainably distant” approach.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, Beijing West Side, 28 Sinnessi Street.
In Shanghai and China, the 1,000-year-olds on the Gate Road have benefited from higher yields, higher direct sales, better corporate governance, and the company has been granted tax-free access to Fuhua, Shenzhen Fukuda District, number 6.
Tsengdu China Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report and has no direct business agreement with the company.
The reader is not a client of this company, and the company has no responsibility for propriety. Before this report is publicly disclosed or agreed to by this company, it is classified material from this company, and if it is received by a non-client of this company, please return and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.