You know, there's a lot of work to do, and price control is important.
An event that took place: the company published its three-quarter report in 2019 and the company achieved 60,935 million operating revenues in the previous three quarters. The reform of the channel is still in the process of being phased out and the company ' s price control has been put in place for a long time.
q3 delivery volume is about 9,100 tons, less than expected to be 10,000 tons. Last year, the company recovered the quota of 6,000 tons of puppies from 437 puppies and began to reform its channels, increasing its direct share, by billions, which is 767 million dollars less than the same period last year.
There is a need for balance and consideration, and steady progress. But better price control requires support from the channel structure, which is the cornerstone of future steady development.
At about 2300, a small upturn is maintained. After the mid-autumn season, the price has been reduced slightly to around $2,200, and the price has fluctuated as a result of the regulation of the delivery, but the overall uphill is still in a state of supply and demand due to its fair social value and recognized social currency.
The high-end white wine market is currently at about 60,000 tons, with an expansion of 20-30 million tons over the next three years, and the high-end white wine will continue to go through a phase of rising prices. As the leading sheep in the industry, it will continue to benefit and lead the way to upgrading the white wine industry.
While the first three quarters of the camp have been slow, there are signs of acceleration. The 19q3 battalion is 5%, an increase of 1 pct from 19H1.
Direct sales channels such as beauty, Hua Yunan, Costco, Skycat, and Sunning are moving forward, raising the market's expectations of a higher direct-account ratio again. The company is expected to invest 310,000 tons throughout 19 years, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Co. reports that there is a long way to go in terms of channel reform, price control capacity stands at 10.7%, and sales are expected to be guaranteed as the direct-camp process accelerates and quotas are implemented ahead of schedule. In addition, the placement of non-target products improves the product structure to some extent.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
Research on retail trade, social services, light-work paper, agro-forestry, and textile clothing.
Wu Wendell analyzes his own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports: Channel reform is a long way off, and price control is important.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.