Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco: Next year's share space will depend on future increases in alcohol prices by about $1 billion by the end of the second quarter.
For the first and third quarters, the sales of the Maoutai wine were lower than expected, taking into account the expected faster growth in the fourth quarter of the quarter, the total market value/flow (millions) combined with the three-quarterly statement view data and the “in advance” previously presented in our analysis in the Central Report.
According to the assumption of identifying about 730 tons of gin, we judge the true quality of gin in three quarters of a single season.
The sales program is better than expected, and the season performance is better than expected. The bold projection is that the sales of the single three quarters will return to the single three quarters level in 2017.The real distribution of the single three quarters is slightly lower than this optimistic projection of about 5%.
At the same time, it is not possible to find out what the market is looking for, but what the market is looking for is a better way to do so, because of the impact of the low pre-value base, the increase in the price of the ton, and so on.
The performance forecast for Kotai, Guizhou (600519) is still good for three quarters of the year, but the expectations for the previous period are too optimistic.
Four quarters alone, with a high previous-value base, is expected to maintain faster growth. Assuming that the sales of puppies are equal this year, the sales of puppies in four quarters alone are expected to exceed 9,000 tons.
According to the calculations, the average tonnage of the single three quarters fell between [219.6,224.8] yuan, largely in line with our forward-looking prognosis of $2.22 million. With the normalization of the product distribution structure, the impact of the smoothing of the quarterly statements, etc., the average ton price has begun to fall into a reasonable range.
We maintain our judgement on the average annual ton price of the mahogany [230,232]. In addition, for the third quarter of the year, 7 per cent of the sales were made directly, a significant increase from the 4 per cent reported, and the price and profitability of the ton will continue to rise in the future as the sales increase.
Guo Dai: Next year’s share price space will depend on future increases in alcohol prices, three, a reduction in the regularity of advance receipts, reasonable costs and research and development, and a corresponding contraction in advance receipts, after year-round performance with a high degree of certainty and adjustment of the number of distributors and the market quota of the poo table.
At the same time, a number of fluctuations occur during the pre-collected quarter due to the impact of distributioner policies and nodes, among other things. Currently, channels and terminals are considered to be healthy, followed by a more normal delivery of group quotas, a less volatile quarter, and a more smooth increase in the number of notes receivable.
The ring ratio continued to increase by $149 million, mainly because of the increase in the sale of a series of drafts for the sale of wine, at the cost level of 2.81 per cent for the single three quarters, a decrease of 0.47 pct, a net interest rate, an increase of between $328.56 per cent and $6.51 million in R&D costs, mainly to take into account the subject of “administrative costs”
Looking forward throughout the year, as a result of product structure upgrades and channel adjustments, and a ton price rise. Assuming that the structure of the product is over-expected, and that the net interest rate is driven by over-expected growth, net profit growth is 27% optimistic.
IV. Consider the possibility of raising the ratio of direct sales and raising prices next year. After the valuation switch, there is still room to consider the huge price differentials and profits from the current channels.
There is room for further improvements in profitability and net interest rates, both in terms of direct increases in bid prices and in aggregate sales through expansion of direct sales. If price increases and valuation swaps are considered, there is still room for stock prices, and next year’s share space in Guizhou’s kiosk depends on future increases in alcohol prices.
The logic of a year-round “parity rise, net interest rate rise” is gradually being realized, and the fundamentals are fine. Whether by raising the price directly or by raising the ratio of direct sales, we are maintaining a “buy-in” rating more optimisticly.
Mudtai, Guizhou: Next year's stock space will depend on the future increase in the price of alcohol.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report