The three-quarter report for 2019 was released on October 15th, with revenues of $60,935 million in the first three quarters and slightly lower expectations for 19q3, mainly due to the company’s initiative to adjust the delivery pace.
Distributors implement four-quarter plans and quota targets ahead of schedule, and the market has higher expectations for the three-quarters report.q3 reports a slightly lower rate of growth, mainly due to marketer quota recovery and direct-source adjustments, and a slower pace of company delivery. By product category, 19q3 khogs earn 19.4 billion yuan, or 12.8 per cent more; and a series of wines.
The sales cost rate has declined and profitability has continued to increase. 19q3 Māori is 90.8 per cent, a decrease of 0.7 per cent, which is due to the lower non-speculation in three quarters and higher cost of raw materials; and a single-quarter sales cost 2.
In terms of cash flows, the net operating cash flow of 19q3 was $27,315 million.
Channel reform has accelerated, waiting for four quarters of the total. The first three quarters of direct company sales have generated $3.100 billion, or 5%. In the first half of the year, total direct sales were about 600 tons, and after the firm-associated traders were safe and secure, the first winners of the merchants and power suppliers have already started selling out 1,499 yuan.
Selling, we expect a faster rate of direct investment in the fourth quarter. With regard to distribution channels, as companies perform less than expected on management q3, the base level is high and confirmed, the distributor system is being overhauled, and the number of distributors has decreased by 616 from the beginning of the year to the end of the reporting period, and the distributors have been reduced by 616.
The post-clause price feedback is good, and the goal of 100 billion is expected to be achieved throughout the year. The channel feedback, the price of double-barrel flights, has fluctuated between $2200 and $220 and the market demand has remained strong. We believe that short-term confirmations will be forthcoming.
The low volume of goods is expected to be the result of corporate initiatives to regulate, not demand. The future will help free markets of real demand by increasing direct investment, effectively eliminating price bubbles and speculation.
Increased market competition/deterioration of market demand/implied access to non-expected/food safety issues. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as average market investment