3-quarterly review: 3-quarter report in 2019, 3-quarter growth of 16.6 per cent and 23.1 per cent for the first three quarters of 19 years; Māori rate and net interest rate, respectively
The three-quarter performance was robust, with a 16.4 per cent and 18.6 per cent growth in the sales of Mautai and Series alcohol, respectively, compared to the same period last year; direct sales and wholesale sales, respectively, increased compared to the same period last year, with 1903 Battalions overall less than expected, and the company is expected to earn more directly after 1904.
Quick growth, higher average prices, and year-round performance. Quick growth in performance and steady growth in profitability.
The main reasons for the steady growth in performance in the three-quarters statements are: 1) companies implement four-quarter plans ahead of schedule, corresponding to a year-long increase in the average price and the Māori ratio, driven by higher value-added non-barrel investments, such as wine, giving them a bigger profit
In terms of cash flows, 19 years of net increases in deposits and deposits of clients and deposits of central banks and co-workers, respectively.
Some large businesses can make larger payments by grade, and in general advance receipts have not increased as expected, and the company has maintained a robust growth in statement data by confirming advance receipts on the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, 28 Sinrixi Street, Beijing West Side.
The price of 19 q3 has fallen. 19 q3 has effectively flatted the terminal price through direct release, advance of 1,000 Heng-hung-hwan, Shanghai, China, China, China and China.
Twenty-two-two hundred-two hundred dollars, higher drops at least $300, and the downfall of the Mao-Dai price over the company’s long-term development. Fortune sales channels for Fuhua in Shenzhen Fukuda are expected to increase their average prices over the course of 19 years.
The Chengdu China (Sichuan) Free Trade Test Division is expected to maintain a relatively fast growth performance throughout the year, owing to: 1) the firm’s quota of 17,000 tons of distributors is fixed, while the rest is the urban high and new corner road.
(b) The company plans to realize a sales revenue of $10 billion with the same level of sales;
3) In the first half of the year, the distributor has spent the entire year on total distributors, annual liquor, and refined wine (part of the bulk is returned), while the 1903 segment of large businesses can overcharge according to grade, taking into account sufficient advance payments and good sales performance, and it is expected that the company ' s performance will continue to increase at a high rate throughout the year.
Keeping the company “upper” rating is a gradual increase in the proportion of direct sales channels, improving corporate governance, increasing production, giving the company a 34-to method, using information on legal compliance, and producing the report independently and objectively. No part of my remuneration has been, is not, is not, will not be, and will not be.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.