The Bank's net profit of q1 rose by 26.8 per cent in 2022, and its size, provision and non-interest contribution performance increased. Net interest income, net fee income and other non-interest income increased on an equal basis.
The performance of the Bank of Peace Quarterly has increased by 26.8%, the performance of the Bank of Peace Quarterly has increased by high growth, the profitability has improved by 14.1%, a 1.8 percentage point increase over the previous year, and the company's profits have increased rapidly, mainly as a result of contributions such as provisioning, size, investment returns and so on.
The growth of deposits is faster and the costs more sustainable than the improvement. The strategy is still positive, with the number of clients and customers growing, the intergenerational contribution rising, the market perturbations of wealth operations, and a decline in income and appliance. 8.64% of capital adequacy at the core level is focused on follow-up capital replenishment.
At this stage, there is no impediment to the basics, focusing mainly on the sustainability of the subsequent asset quality and the ability of revenue operations to move towards endogenous and sustainable growth. The net difference continues to improve. The net rate difference is 2.80 per cent for the first quarter, and the ring is 6 bp higher than in the fourth quarter.
In terms of the rate of return, the main contribution comes from the increase in the rate of return on loans, a quarterly decline in the return on loans, a quarterly increase in the rate of 2bp, a negative retail rate of 1.2%, a fall in the rate of 1bp from last year, and a decline in the rate of failure on new loans.
The financial deficit rate for vehicles continues to rise, using the market rate of 26 April 2022 as the standard. The company ' s prior-period impairments are high, and the business and asset quality are generally stable for the next two years.
The Bank for Peace: A Sustained Growth in Performance and Strategic Advancement can sustain higher performance growth and ensure that the strategy progresses progressively.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations The economy has gone down significantly and the quality of assets has deteriorated beyond expectations. q1 net profit from Peace Bank in 2022 amounted to $12.85 billion, an increase of 26.8 per cent over the same year, resulting in higher performance in terms of size, provision and other non-interest contributions.
Interest income increased by 7.3 per cent over the year, net fee income increased by 4.8 per cent over the year, other non-interest income increased by 51.9 per cent over the year, operating income increased by 51.9 per cent over the same year, and the strategy moved forward positively. The quarterly report by the Bank of Peace increased by 26.8 per cent, high growth led to improved profitability, rose by 14.1 per cent, and increased by 1.8 percentage points compared to the same year, and the rapid growth in corporate profitability was largely due to contributions such as provision, size, investment returns, etc. The quarterly report highlights:
Improved net interest margin ratio, faster growth of deposits and continued cost contribution. The strategy is still positive, with the number of clients and customers aum growing and their contribution rising, wealth operations being market-disturbed and income and life falling. The core-level capital adequacy rate of 8.64 per cent, with attention to follow-up capital replenishment.
The average daily balance of interest-bearing assets increased by 10.1% on a year-on-year basis.
The main contribution to the rate of return, as shown by the split, is that the ratio of returns to the loan still lags, with a 7bp drop in the ratio, and the difference still lags.3 There has been a slight increase in fees and other non-interest contributions.
The increase in fees was 4.8% in the same year, which slowed down the pace of growth. Companies disclosed that they had achieved $2,244 million in revenue from fees for wealth management (excluding the personal precious metals industry), a decline of 6.8% in the same year, and 26.4% in the ring over the last four quarters of last year, owing to factors such as a decline in the volume of non-standard products and volatility in the securities market.
4. The cost-earnings ratio has continued to decline and the efficiency of operations has been improving: the cost-earning ratio has been 26.2 per cent, a decrease of 1.92 per cent, and the efficiency of science and technology inputs and operations has gradually increased.5 The quality of assets has been generally stable and the coverage of the provision has improved.
The firm’s core-level capital adequacy rate of 8.64%, with the ring rising by 4bp, fell by 3bp the same year. Corporate finance pressure is manageable, or there is some buffer; the downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.