\triangleright pct, net profit of the mother yoy + 26.8%, ring up 1.2cpt, the profit increase level, not just leading
Net interest income has recovered at a rate of up to 12.1 per cent. Although q1 market fluctuations have affected sales, the rate of up to 4.8 per cent has been observed.
However, the net interest income ring rebounded by 1.3 to 7.3%, while other non-interest income sustained a high rate of growth of over 50%, which supported the growth rate. The single-season spread and expansion rate went up.
6bp, average interest-bearing asset ring growth of 3.9% in the season, 1.7 pct higher than 21q4.
There was a breakthrough in management, with assets of good quality increasing by 19.9%. Of these, the growth rate of the private sector aum fell slightly to 20.8%.
The following aum growth rate has risen steadily to 19.2%, reflecting the effective empowerment of financial science and technology. The size of non-insurable finance is 88.3 billion and yoy + 28.2%, with better momentum. As a result of market fluctuations, agent fund revenues have declined, but agent insurance and financial management have been effectively hedged, with a limited impact on overall wealth management of yoy - 6.8%.
The failure rate is low and the level of provision is stable. Bank of Peace 22q1 has a negative rate of 1.02%, with a flat rate. The provision covers 289.1%, the loan rate is 2.94%, and the ring ratio is almost equal.
The growth rate continues to rise and the profit rate maintains high; the wealth management strategy continues to advance and the quality of assets continues to improve; there is no fear of a fall in the harvest, real estate risk shocks, a boom in safe banks, and a double operational effect: as of 22q1, the cumulative performance of safe banks has increased at the same rate as before.
Figure 2: Dismantling factors for the net profit growth contribution of the Bank of Peace as at 22q1 Figure 9: As at 22q1, the structure and branch of the Bank of Peace retailed aum at the same rate (billion yuan) Figure 13: As at 22q1, the level of the Bank of Peace provisions
Figure 14: As of 22 q1, the structure of the ratio of overdue bank loans to the forecast of the company's financial statements The methodology and analytical logic lead to the conclusions of the study, the presentation of the report independently and objectively and the responsibility for its content and views. The study clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.