The value of the policy is gradually emerging, and technological empowerment is conducive to long-term development Events: corporate announcements, 1h23 achieving a gross operating income of $5.750 billion, low-fault-plus commission rate policy adjustments in the Fund's market, and pressure on the Fund's sales operations.
In the case of subscription requisitions plus foreclosures, the sales volume of the 1h23 corporate fund was $81.53 billion, a decrease of 17.83 per cent in the same year, the non-monetary fund sales were $504.1 billion in the same year, a decrease in the fees and fees of the 1h23 corporate non-monetary market fund, a decrease of $121.2 billion in size.
On 8 July 2023, the CVM issued a reform of the Fund ' s rates, noting a decline in the stock of the 12-month maximum/minimum dollar, thereby reducing the income from the Fund ' s sales operations.
As our capital market matures, a decline in commission rates will be inevitable. In the context of a shift in wealth management and an increase in the share of financial assets in the population, a reduction in commission rates will be possible.
Attracting more investors into the Fund’s investments will drive the growth in the size of the Fund. On August 10, the East Wealth Annual Journal (300059) issued an important notice of mechanisms to optimize the number of securities declared, with the intention that stocks, stocks, etc.
The company has the advantage of an Internet eco-flow, has a large number of small c-end customers, and,
The company is expected to benefit from the market brought about by good policy, as the commission fee for the large number of small single transactions is actually lower than $5, but it is still collected at $5.
The impact of lower commission rates on the Fund’s sales income is further offset by higher activity at the field level. Income from securities operations has declined, but the market share has continued to grow. (1) In brokering, the average commission rate has declined as a result of industrial policies and market competition. (2) In the two-pronged business sector, the average commission rate has fallen.
A decline in entry, or because companies finance a higher proportion by issuing bonds, while short-term vouchers with lower interest rates account for a relatively lower proportion, increases the cost of financing liabilities, thereby benefiting from a return to market and increasing the elasticity of performance from higher self-employment income.
Net revenue from self-employment now stands at $1,148 million, an increase of 81.93 per cent over the same period. Benefiting from the first quarter of the boom in equity markets, the return on corporate investment rose by 5.38 per cent over the same period; and a gradual reduction in market interest rates in the first half of the year, resulting in higher prices for financial assets and a loss in fair value movements.
The growth of $466 million over the same year was the main driver of the increase in self-employment, and the positive deployment of the ai technology, with a sustained increase in operating costs. The total operating cost of 1h23 companies was $2.16 billion, an increase of 4.52 per cent over the same period, which slowed the growth rate.
In administrative costs, salaries of employees increased by $1.843 million to $649 million in the same year, fees for technical advisory services increased by $70.11 per cent to $37.8 million in the same year, or as a result of the growth of the securities industry, the proportion of people in the traditional financial sector increased, and the Ministry for the Development of Artificial Intelligent Industries increased to the most sophisticated.
In addition, companies have increased their investment in technology and technology, integrating relevant industries and R & D forces, improving product competitiveness and user experience, and contributing to the increase in R & D costs.
Starting with the impact of policy adjustments, corporate fund sales and securities operations are hit by a certain amount of shocks, increasing their self-employment. Companies are expected to further strengthen their Internet retail leadership by increasing their investment in technology development, digitizing, digitizing, and intellectual empowerment.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The company ' s uniform social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.