Fund sales have fallen, ai has explored secondary growth, and the Fund's product is being replaced by a new model, such as "ai+customer", "institutionally oriented marketing", "Overseas plus wealth" and so on.
The fund's sales are weak, and the follow-up model is to be expanded. Residents' risk preferences are still low, and sales in the first half of the year showed a strong debt overhang, which has an impact on the bottom-of-the-board client base, the Fund's sales, and the daily Fund + Mixed Public Fund holdings amount to $463.3 billion a year; the size of the non-goods fund is still high.
In response, the company is expected to expand its wealth investment, while the fund trustee is authorized to open and the share of securities brokers has slightly increased. In the first half of the year, Eastern wealth securities achieved revenues of $4.326 billion, an increase of 356 per cent, and net profits of $2,764 million, a decrease of 2.94 per cent.
Taking into account the low level of corporate self-employment, the overall performance is weaker than the industry. In the first half of the year, the firm achieved a base turnover of $9.84 trillion, which was reversed by a 2.6% decline in total market turnover compared to the previous period, and further raised the market share to 3.95%.
High brokering elasticity will benefit. ai and overseas operations are exploring a second increase. (1) Increased investment in the development of technology for the development of artificial intelligence, Ministry of Industry, with a focus on promoting financial vertical large modeling applications.
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) – Trading slides, self-reverses, ali empowerment in the long run – faster than total cost growth (about 4.5%) and promising to look deeper into the service model. (2) A subsidiary has access to capital market services from the Singapore Financial Services Authority, and there is room for imagination to follow overseas operations.
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Inverted Growth of Securities Blocks, Ai Employability Employables. Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Reverse Growth of Securities Business, Conversation of Platform Strengths - Risk of exposure of information services to volatility in the stock market landscape; one-stop Internet services
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - The Reverse Growth of Securities Income, the Fund's Proximity to Capital Market System Reform and the Dividends of the Great Age of Wealth Management, which boosted wealth sales, while the Department continued to explore secondary growth development and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 2: Corporate net profit return and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 3: Corporate operating income for the single season and rate of increase in the same year
Figure 4: Company single-season net profit return and equal rate of increase
The size of the gold holdings is in the forefront of the industry. The benefits of the reform of the equity system, based on equity market volatility and the regulation of the new regulations on the image of the securities business, as well as the dividends of the great age of wealth management, have boosted the sale of wealth, while companies continue to explore secondary growth and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them