Quantums are looking for balance points and channel confidence is returning to a five-point food fluid (000858.sz) incident evaluation report .sunss@cfsc.com.cn
It's the first time it's got a brand value of $400 billion in 2023.
Global aaa+ top-level, with new traditional channels, with 110 distributors and 26,000 new core terminals. 2024 marketing guidelines to raise the value of the five-food fluid brands at their core and continue to be used
To strengthen quality brands, consumer development, channel profits, and to accelerate the return of prices to brand values. The company will raise its image, raise its share, fight, expand its markets, fight for efficiency, raise its profits.
In response to market concerns, the price of volume is being balanced, and the company will choose the opportunity to adjust the price of the eighth-generation fluid, while optimizing the delivery.
The product structure, channel structure, market structure, and the planned reduction and consolidation of quotas for the traditional channel of the eighth generation of food fluids, with the optimisation of the plan amounting to special specifications for products such as five grains, cultural wine, as well as direct distribution channels and international markets.
With regard to the wine series, efforts will continue to be made to strengthen the five-food springs, five-foodols, five-food captions, one-size-fits-all designs, and to speed up brand development to complement, enrich, and complete the good product matrix.
“Five grain fluids (000858): third quarter profit increases, in addition to the conventional test awards, to give distributors a marketing process that accelerates the speed of the ring and does not diminish the fragrance of the dragon head”.
We're looking forward to the company's continued growth as a concubine, with a return of confidence in the channel and an acceleration in the return of corporate brand values.
“Five grain fluids (000858): steady progress: forward, marketing reform continues.” 2023—Macroeconomic downside risks, slower growth in the season, higher prices than expected.
• Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the Qin securities, the New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential.
Liaogwan State: Master of Arts, Chinese University of Hong Kong, cfa.3 years of study in the food and beverages industry, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.