On 27 October 2023, the tri-quarter 2023 report was released by the five-food fluids (000858.sz) company incident assessment report.
Rendering of $22,833 million (a 14 per cent increase), deducting a net profit of $22,742 million from the non-repatriation of the mother, 35.48 per cent, with a steady increase in profitability, reflecting the resilience of the tap. Cost side, 2023q3 sales/administration rates have been reduced by the same year.
It's a good growth in marketing, it's a continuous release of brand power, it's a good double-winding feedback, and it's a high-value company's strong brand power: 1, Five Foods and fluids (000858): rational control.
At the end of the channel, the bulk price of the product is basically stable during the two-square period, the inventory is in a good state, reflecting the continued growth of sales and the positive growth of channels. At the end of the brand, there is a higher rate of reward in the opening of the banquet, and the cost is higher than the price of the competition.
2- Five Foods fluids (000858): steady progress, but also combined with the eyes of the world, during the autumn and autumn evenings, the broadcast was over-blowed on the same night.
112 million times, air advertising has continued to increase in intensity and heat, and we're looking forward to the branding, which continues to grow in both places throughout the year. We expect the company to grow in ps 2023-2025, respectively.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, undergrowth of the season, underpriced food beverages, Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of food beverage sellers' research experience, full coverage of the food beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the Qin securities, the New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of research in the food and beverage industry at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.