Income increased by 17 per cent in the three quarters alone, raising market confidence at the bottom of the cycle, and achieving high-quality growth in the first three quarters, with a year-long mandate. In the first three quarters, companies achieved 62,536 million yuan, or 12.11 per cent; and net return returns were 22,833 million yuan, or 14.24 per cent.
Performance grew faster in the three quarters alone, and positive signals from the industry were growing. The single q3 company registered a marked increase, mainly benefiting from: 1) a marked recovery in demand for the banquet during the two-square period, increased cost investment by the company, and a marked increase in the cost of opening bottles for the 1618 and the low 5 grain fluids during the mid-autumn period; 2) a sharp increase in the number of crowns for the fives during the mid-autumn period.
Food and fluid brands have increased their reputation; 3) gift market, which is a 1,000-bit new demand, and sales have made a quick recovery on the base of the previous year. On the batch, Price Five has successfully passed the double-fence season “pressure test” and the batch is now stable. The next five batches are expected to be expected as economic demand warms.
Continue moving up. Single q3 total Māori ratio is equal +0.1 ptt, gross sales margin is equal +0.4 ptt, mainly for $2690.68 million. Single q3 taxes and surcharges are mainly due to quarterly fluctuations in consumer taxes +0.7 pcts.
Single-q3 net interest rate as a whole was equal to +0.4 pct, mainly due to an increase in the gross sales margin and a slight increase in the management cost rate, which was a good three-quarter return and a high-quality performance growth. In terms of contractual liabilities, the combined balance of the liabilities at the end of the three-quarters was $3.95 billion, the ring +30 billion, the ratio was +33 per cent, and performance was more robust throughout the year.
Letters of credit. On a cash basis, single-q3 companies received +35 per cent of the year, and net operating cash flows + 24 per cent of the year, all of which increased faster than income, mainly due to quarterly fluctuations, an increase in the proportion of cash refunds, and the receipt of currency bills from time to time and a better quality of operations.
Corporate performance boosts industry confidence and is expected to move up the business cycle in 2024. As a pro-cyclical variety, the three-quarterly report of the marginal watch company boosts investment confidence at the bottom of the industry cycle, the company has passed two seasons of pressure tests, and the company is expected to enjoy it significantly with the introduction of macro-growth measures.
Five grain fluids (000858.sz) - Double-digit growth in income in the first half of the year, actively addressing historical recovery dividends.
In 2024, we believe that the company is expected to be able to meet the expectations of the reform: "Five grains - 00858 - Major Events Expedition: A smooth change of board to launch a new development." "Five grains - 00858 - Critical Events Expedition: 21 years of steady operation, 22 years of steady progress."
With faster growth in the three quarters alone, positive signs from the industry are growing. The single q3 company has achieved a marked increase in revenue, mainly benefiting from: 1) a marked recovery in demand for the feast during the two-square period, increased cost inputs from the company, and a significant increase in the cost of opening bottles of the low five grains; 2) a reputation for the five grains during the mid-autumn period.
3) The gift market, which is a 1000-dollar variety, is now rapidly refilled on the base of the previous year. On the batch, the price was successfully passed through the double season “pressure test” and the price is now stable.
The single q3 net interest rate is the same as the average annual consumer tax +0.7 pcts. The single q3 net interest rate is the same as the ratio +0.4 pct, the main result of the increase in gross sales and a slight improvement in management costs.
Third-quarter repayments are well advanced, and performance growth is of high quality. In terms of contractual liabilities, at the end of the third-quarter, the corporate debt balance is $3.95 billion, the ring ratio is +30 billion, the ratio is +33%, and the year-round performance is more confident.
It appears that single-q3 companies received +35 per cent of the same year, and net operating cash flows increased + 24 per cent of the same year, both faster than income, mainly due to quarterly fluctuations, an increase in the proportion of cash refunds, the maturity of currency bills, and the higher quality of their operations, which boosted the confidence of the industry in terms of company performance, and were expected to move up the business cycle in 2024.
The marginal three-quarterly report boosts investment confidence at the bottom of the industry cycle, and the company has already passed a two-season pressure test, and with the introduction of macro-growth measures, the company is expected to enjoy a clear recovery dividend.
Figure 2: Net profit and increase in single-quarter food fluids due to mother (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 3: Māori rate of single-quarter sales of five-food fluids (in %) Figure 4: Net interest rate of single-quarter sales of five-food fluids (in %)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject