The speed of the ring is clear, and the sales are excellent. 23q3, the company has achieved 17.30 billion yuan, equal to +16.99%, the net profit to the mother is 5,796 million yuan, equal to +18.52%, and has shown a boost after the second quarter has slowed down. Eight-generation five-generation grain prices have stabilized during the season of Mid-Autumn season.
The market for the 1,000-bit belt is more prominent, and there is no consistent accumulation of stocks, with a strong countercyclical resilience, and we expect that the company’s goal of double-digit revenue throughout the year will be met. Cost rates will continue to decline, and profitability will continue to rise.
+0.12 pct to 73.41 per cent reverses the four-quarter downward trend, with five-food liquid products projected to grow faster than a series of alcohol products; turnover tax rates increased from +0.75 pct to 14.88 per cent; and net interest rates for parentage increased from +0.44 pct to 34.04 per cent, and profitability continued to gain momentum.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: In the second half of the year, although the eight-generation five-generation batch prices have been stable and well marketed, there are still shortfalls in profit from the pipeline, and it is recommended that attention be paid to the next 1218 incentive policies and developments in creative products.
RMB, $8.90, $10.02 to maintain the “buy-in” rating of companies. Risk factors: impact of weak recovery in consumption; increased competition in industry; food safety risks; LSD (00858.sz): optimized to
Five grain fluids (00858.sz): Strategic Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Pedagogic 9th Street in Beijing City West Side, where senior industrialists and top-level students are trained, Liu Qingfeng, Master of Finance, graduated from the Central University of Finance, three years of food and beverage research, and two years of bond research.
(In-depth study of Ani foods, lasagna chefs, stubble foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeasts, familiarization with seafood, millet foods, smelts, venom foods, Qinghai International), Xi Lili, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics, Xiamen University, three years of food and beverages research experience.
Industry (in-depth study of taste-free foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant, refined foods, salinized foods, kwan-su foods, gin-su foods, etc.) and in-depth study of zero-food vendors. Jo Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, three years of food and beverage research experience.
Mao Dai, 5 grain fluids, Xiangzhou cellar, Shanxi wine, tea industry, gin and wine, water wells, ocean river shares, the world's future, and sauce plate blocks. Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by two years of research and development and operation at Sapto, the big milk company, two years of food and beverage research experience. Covered dairy products (in-depth study of Ely shares, Montagnarous milk industry, Lanco Bluedo, Jiabyo).
Liquor, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, followed by 13 years in the white wine industry.
With strong thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white industry, it is particularly good at analysing sub-high-end competition patterns. Don is strong, with 15 years of experience in the fast-drinking industry at the Chinese University of Technology, and 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, and has a unique insight into high-end white wine.
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer (in-depth study of Chinese wine, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer), water, and beverages.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment advisory business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.