Targeting initiatives, pricing strategies to be expected 2023: Marketing is productive and solid. In 2023, companies responded to the overall requirements of solid words, steady progress and efficiency gains, “good products”, “good channels” and other dimensions of marketing.
Good results were achieved, the product matrix continued to be enriched, 18 cultural wines were developed, 1700+ wines were made available, 300+ cities were covered by a variety of stores, and the channels of group purchasing continued to break down (visit 5k+ homes and 2.4w+ trips to the United States factory, covering 5k+ opinion leaders), the new one.
They are also more innovative and efficient in branding and distributors and end-services. Companies are looking to the profit and product lines, focusing on the outlook 2024:5 battles, branding and price increases.
The goal remains to upgrade brands and accelerate a reasonable return of prices to brand values. The main task is to: 1) strengthen brand culture building and promotion, and to tell brand stories and rich and beautiful cultural expressions; 2) raise the market share of major brands, 8-day-plus-five, and raise the quota ratio by 1618.
Continued enrichment of the high-value-added series of cultural wines, strengthening of the series ' s monolithic production; 3) enhanced marketing, services and empowerment, optimization of the traditional distribution agency structure and expansion of the fleet ' s direct distribution network; 4) enhanced quality support and accelerated promotion of high-quality multipliers; 5) investment in profit-making channels and the implementation of active ownership
Momentum price regulation measures, choice of opportunities to raise the price of the five grains, marketing costs are focused on branding, c-end consumer development, and team-building. Quantum logic is clear, incremental direction is clear, and channels are more adequate.
Regional, business, channel, terminal classification management, dynamically optimized market delivery structure, Five Grains (000858): three rhythms before 2023; in product terms, the increment is derived from the L5 1618 and low, the birth alcohol culture.
In practice, in 2023, cultural and bottled wine made visible performance payments.
q2 performances are slightly lower than profit forecasts and investment ratings: the high-end alcohol price strategy is an important element of brand and market competition.
As the company’s 2024-volume strategy is clear, its growth dynamics are broken, and its channels are expected to recover. Double-digit growth is still highly certain, the dividends are higher, and the low valuation provides a higher level of security.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.