For the first time in the history of major shareholders, the value of the bottom configuration has been highlighted.
Zhang to Wei Li Wenhua: Based on confidence in the company's future and steady development and recognition of its long-term value, the company's major shareholder, the Grain and Liquid Group, Inc.
(a) For the first time in the history of the Five Grain Group, the confidence of the National Finance Committee in its operation is fully demonstrated. (b) A five-volume balance or a “new solution” is positive for the 2024 cutback. (c) Investment proposal: the bottom logic of the five grains growth is super-high brand value, without the need for a first-time increase in the history of the five grains and fluids group, and full confidence in the operations of the National Finance Committee.
In the lead-up to the 1218 Dealers’ Congress, the hold-holders’ history was for the first time able to increase stocks, signalling more than substance, and the industry’s restructuring bottom fully boosted management, distributor confidence, and protected the company’s future reforms. As an important profit tax contribution to the city, the increase was also reflected in a positive view of the post-subsistence impact of the industry.
According to the FSB, 1218 distributors meet near, five grain fluids or 20% reduction to P52024 plan, alleviating the pressure on P5 prices, and fundamentally reversing the negative feedback cycle of “volume increase/price reduction”.
In 2024, as macro-policy multipliers continue to appear, the five-food fluids are expected to benefit significantly as procyclical varieties. The bottom logic of the five-food fluid growth is a super-high brand value that does not place too much weight on management, channels, etc.
Demand recovery is less than expected; sales are less than expected; competition is intensified; authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future