Will the food and beverages industry be following the mounds at this time?
In 2023/11/1, nearly six years later, Mao Tai announced an upward adjustment of 53 degrees to the price of the Guo Dai wine (Flying Sky, Five Stars) at an average price increase of about 20%.
Two years, follow-up? Whether or not the price increases are the focus of attention in the market. The current consumption environment is weak, the wholesale market prices for alcohol are low, and the prices of the distributors of the fluids are stuck, and the increases are not unresistible for the fluids; but under the current industry pattern, the price increases for the fluids also provide a unique opportunity to raise the price of the fluids.
Plant decision-making is not easy. We have reviewed the past 20 years of five-year food fluid price adjustment as a point of reference for determining whether this five-food fluid will raise prices.
Over a decade of gold with a rising value, the government introduced a “4 trillion” fiscal and monetary stimulus in response to the 2008 financial crisis, increasing prices eight times in the food cycle by +165 per cent, wholesale and retail prices, accompanied by stages of control and adjustments in the company's own product lines and channels, with price increases overall.
Not much. In 2013-2015, the white wine industry was hit by restricted three-public consumption and plastics events, with a high- and medium-grade alcohol price bubble bursting, a major adjustment in demand structure, a countercyclical increase in five grain fluids, a procyclical price reduction, and a small price increase at the bottom of a cycle, which eventually remained the same as before the current round adjustment.
In 2016-2019, the white wine industry entered a new phase of stabilization (a year-on-year drop in prices), a new phase dominated by product price escalation, a new phase of five grains, with companies increasing subsidies to distributors, controlling quantities, destocking, and falling performance.
It's complicated, the total volume of the white wine industry is declining, wholesale prices are being affected by the Fed's monetary policy, and a small price bubble is being created and bursting. Five grain fluids rose by the end of 2021 by adjusting the unplanned prices.
Average plant price increases + 9%, accompanied by a drop. 2) After 2008, the five grain fluids as a whole followed the poo. Prior to 2008, the five grain fluids were self-directed. Since 2008, the poo price and the batch price exceeded the five grains, and the whole five grain fluids as a whole followed up.
The difference is that the price adjustment for the five grain fluids is higher. During the 2008-2012 industry price boom week, the price increase for the five grains rose four times, by +129%; the five grain fluids followed four price increases (the last one was stagnated by a high degree of certainty and restraint, maintaining the price of the plants constant, and the five grain fluids were raised during the period in line with the industry ' s cycle of price reductions).
At the end of 2017, after two years of recognition of the industry’s weather cycle, the price of the plant increased by +18.3 per cent; the five grains were evaluated by a company called Galaxy. – Five grains (000858) – steady ahead.
This represents, to a large extent, the supply and demand situation faced by the five grains; on the other hand, the overall pace of price increases followed by the huts, which we consider to be the company’s need to improve brand positioning. We are relatively certain that, first, there is a high probability that the five grains will be raised during the high-profile phase of the industry; and, secondly, that the price increases have been made in history.
There's a high probability that the price increases will follow; but with the exception of the current price increases, all the price increases have been concluded in history: the industry is at a low stage of the price increases, and it's a bit of a poo view. But we don't think the industry's condition is as serious as the fast downs in 2013-2015, and the timing is not.
We believe that future price reductions are less likely because they are unwisely tested, and that price increases are still more likely because, on the one hand, the industry is still at the bottom of the price hike in 2015 and early 2016, under stress.
At this stage, the management of channel prices by the white wine industry is generally in the mode of control, and the price of the plant is increasingly becoming a towing line, while the price of the toaster is raised by the tonic.
No, we believe that the L5 is now in a reasonable range of valuation areas. Maintain the recommended rating.
Figure 1: Several swings of the white wine industry: Figure 2: Price changes in P5 plants and batch prices
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.