Five grain fluids (000858.sz)
On December 18, the 5-food fluids convened the 27th 12-18th Conference of the Co-Commonwealths on the theme “Commonwealth to Compassion and the Future of the United States.” Continuously upgraded, companies work to achieve high quality robustness through products, brands, innovation, governance, etc.
Development. More than 24,000 consumers were covered in the channel, 110 new distributors were developed during the traditional channel year, 26,000 new core terminals were added, two-digit growth was achieved, the market was empty, and filling was accelerated. In the grouping channel, 5,000 enterprises and organizations were reached.
In 2024, in the face of deep industrial adjustment and increased competition, the company will continue to maintain the overall thrust of the drive for stability, with five major battles planned, namely, “image upsight ups and ups”, “image ups, ups and downs.”
In the case of volume relations, the company said that it would make a modest adjustment to the eighth generation.
In addition, in 2024, the company will be fully engaged in promoting the canal.
In addition to the conventional test awards, which offer 2-3% incentives to distributors in marketing processes to help institutional investors to increase market-building and deal with forms of competition, we believe that in recent years, the construction of “the common destiny of the manufacturer” has led to the creation of a market-based market-building strategy.
In the context of increased competition in the industry, there is currently a slight reversal in the prices of prices, and optimizing profit from the channels will further strengthen and boost the confidence of distributors, as well as the firm's determination to return the value of the eighth-generation five-generation grain fluids.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.