Topper Group (601689.sh) buys (first rating) light-quantified chassis and smart-driving products opening up the growth space.
The company started with a car nvh product, then cut into a car light-quantized chassis, expanded its auto-electric sub-product (a smart brake system for electric vacuum pumps and autopilot implementation modules) and acquired a high-strength steel chassis in Fudona in 2017, creating three main product patterns: nvh/light-quantified chassis/car electronics.
Short-term: Nvh operations slow down with industry growth, but are expected to grow robustly by binding them with high-quality customers (guilty/generality). Corporate shock absorbers/ interior parts are supplied mainly to guilds/generality/uplifts, etc. Clients, Gilly’s counter-growth in 2018 supported performance in 2018, with the GM project at $1.68 billion.
Medium-term: lightly quantified aluminium alloys and high-intensity steel chassis products from Fordona. The main products of the company are control arms, battery bags and large body structures, turnovers, lightly quantified chassis, etc., which are supplied to Jili, North, one gas, wide-gas vehicles, the Great Wall, etc., and are gradually entering Tesla and home-made.
The new power supply chain of the car is now in its harvest period. The acquisition of Fordonna is improving the layout of the chassis products and increasing performance.
The company has successfully developed electric vacuum pumps for new energy cars and has taken the lead in developing smart drivers in the country, driving key modules of smart brakes on the executive level. The electric vacuum pumps are now being updated to the second generation, and are being phased in as customers import. The smart brake system has been sampled and produced as early as 2019.
Long-term direction of driving, and even auto-driving. Nvh operations slow down pressure with industry, medium-term chassis lightly quantifying operations with new energy vehicle operations increase in volume, long-term electric vacuum pumps are pumped, and ibs open further with adas penetration.
Zhou Joon-hoon, new energy vehicles are not growing as fast as expected: automobile industry is falling faster than expected: upstream raw material prices are rising more than expected: downstream full plant price pressure is higher than expected: financial costs associated with excessive corporate capital spending
Increase: Depreciation costs due to annual increases in fixed assets: stock restrictions put pressure on stock prices.  is the flagship of the Nvh product, which has symmetrical development and service capabilities, short-term performance has been slowed down by industry growth and a decline in the Māori rate, but has been slowed by a light-quantized base plate and a high Māori rate of cars
The expansion of electronics (electric vacuum pumps + smart electronic brake systems), supported by medium- and long-term income growth, and improved product structure will also increase profitability. Short-term: corporate business income slows down with industry growth.
By October 2018, the profit sales were rising by 37% on a year-on-year basis, fully benefiting the company. Global Global Project 1.68 billion dollars (cycle six years) is in the medium term: lightly quantified aluminium alloy products and Fudona high-intensity steel chassis.
The supply of chemical products to Gilly, North, North, Air, Broad-Car, Wall, etc., and the gradual entry into Tesla and the domestic supply chain of new car-making forces (Uema/Uema) is now in the harvest period. The purchase of Fortuna (the main high-intensity steel chassis) has improved the layout of the chassis products, and its performance has increased further.
Long term: the new energy and smart driving fields, vp and ibs, lead long-term growth. The company has successfully developed electric vacuum pumps for new-energy car labelling and has taken the lead in developing smart driver implementation domestically.
The key module smart brake system ibs, which is currently updated to the second generation of electric vacuum pumps, is gradually released as customers import. ibs has completed the sample, produced as early as 2019, and is expected to reduce the noise of the nvh industry, actively expanding the light-quantized chassis and auto electronics business.
2.1 The Nvh tap, which expands the product line, is the head of a car ' s tremor noise abatement product, which extends to light-quantified chassis, car electronics.
In 2013, an electric vacuum pump project was introduced into car electronics, and a smart brake system ibs was developed for autopilot implementation modules. In 2017, the company acquired Fordona to enter a high-strength steel chassis, creating a pattern of three major products: nvh/light-quantified chassis/car electronics.
(89 per cent) The acquisition of alumina after the acquisition rose to 19 per cent of the control arm for exercise, and the smart electronic brake system accounted for about 2.2 per cent of the volume of fuel, common, etc. for downstream clients in 2015, and the growth rate of corporate collections, with 2018h1 Fordona and a further increase in the rate of growth, but combined in the previous three quarters.
On the Maori side, the smart electronic brake system has the highest interest rate, with the second lowest seismic and interior features, and the lowest in the aluminium-control arm as a result of price negotiations in the entire factory.
High-capacity, with prices falling from year to year for the company ' s different products, leading to a decline in the Māori rate from year to year, and a central advantage in matching the R&D capabilities of 2.2 by 2018, which binds the complexity of high-quality customer nvh engineering to require a more synchronized development capability for suppliers, system integration suppliers
Autonvh design is a system engineering project involving multiple subsystems of cars and their matching. The entire vehicle has set nvh performance indicators in the pre-research phase, which requires suppliers to synchronize their research and development against this goal, including system design, parts design development, nvh calibration and long-term validation changes.
System integration suppliers can capture market share of the market with their R & D and system-based supply capabilities, and consolidate market position with specialization, scale, and low-cost advantages. With their simultaneous R & D capabilities, firms bind high-quality domestic and foreign customers as systems integration suppliers.
Synchronized research and development with the General Pan-Atmospheric Automobile Technology Centre in Shanghai since 2001 has been working for more than a decade on the reliability and timeliness of goods delivered by Indian companies. Building on the experience of simultaneous research and development, the 2008 financial crisis brought the company into the generic/Chrysler supply chain with cost advantages to achieve a global expansion of business.
Former domestic clients were Shanghai General, Gilly, Long Anforth, foreign customers, Chrysler Fareo, etc., with high quality. R & D spending supports simultaneous R & D capabilities.
In 2012, the company set up the North American Research and Development Centre in Detroit, United States of America; and in 2014, it established technology in Wienheim, Germany.
Support and storage centres; European Technology Research and Development Centre (ETRC) in Göteborg, Sweden, 2016, and manufacturing plants in São Paulo, Brazil. Currently, corporate R&D centres are located in Asia (Ningbo/Shanghai/Shen, China), Europe (Sweden-Göteborg), North America (United States of America-Tetre) and China and Brazil.
The company is able to respond quickly to the needs of its customers and improve its service capacity, and is well positioned around the domestic automobile industry, with full advantage of simultaneous development. The company is surrounded by six major auto industry clusters in the country, in Ningbo, Hangzhou Bay, New District, Taizhou, Lake Ping, Kimhua, Qingdo, Smoking.
With the establishment of manufacturing bases in Taiwan, Shenyang, Bok-hok, Jin-jung, Chongqing, Su Ning, neighbouring waters, Wuhan, Liu, and the planned establishment of production bases in the provinces of Yu, Xian, Chengdu, etc., the national intensive layout has been instrumental in further developing company-synchronized research and development capabilities, consolidating relationships with old clients and expanding new ones.
3. Short-term: Nvh’s business growth rate is slowing, and growth is driven by the fact that the company’s Nvh product is widely covered by the guilty and universal global projects. The company’s seismic products are powered by total suspension, liners, tremors, etc., whose main function is to reduce the vibrations of related parts and subsystems.
The main function of the company is to isolate external noise.  The company ' s seismic unit is large, has a high and stable rate of Maori and has a more robust growth rate.
It is the higher technology content of the seismometers, and the company’s bargaining power, which is largely subject to orders with a higher Māori ratio. The interior feature business is subject to a double squeeze from higher prices of upstream chemical raw materials and lower prices for downstream customers (goodly).
With Gilly rising up, Nvh's business grew faster. Gilley has been the top five clients of the company's Nvh business, with the company providing suspension and control arms for the Teehow/Vision Series, as well as interior products such as roofs/carpets/inner panels/sound cushions. After 2014, the sale of guilds broke out, with the company acting as a upstream supplier.
The interior apparel operations reached 42% cagr in 2015-2017, and the shock-resilient cagr 18.4%, while the profit-earning ratio rose to 30% in 2017. In October 2018, the sale of guilds grew by 37% on a year-on-year basis with negative industry growth.
Firms moved into common and Chrysler operations after the financial crisis, with a solid foundation for cooperation. In 2012, companies received orders for the universal global platform e2xx project at $1 billion (cycle 8 years, volume in 2015), and in 2016 they received a new global platform at $1.68 billion.
Single (planning cycle of six years) common synchronized development of nvh seismometers, and company construction of Brazilian factories for near-manufacturing, expected to be produced progressively worldwide in q1 in 2019, with orders expected to be released over a period of 3-5 years. With Māori in overseas operations being higher than domestic Māori, general order performance is expected to release revenue gains.
▪ Businesses are expected to slow down as the auto industry grows, but with the accumulation of excellent customers, business growth has been positive. By October 2018, the volume of car sales in the country fell by 2.1% on a year-on-year basis, leading to an overall slowdown in corporate operating income.
By binding with high-quality customers, firm growth is expected to remain robust, with major clients planning to produce 2 million vehicles annually by 2020, Shanghai General Guidelines targets more than 10 per cent of the domestic car market, and companies will fully benefit from downstream customer growth.
4. Medium term: Light Quantified operations combined with high-strength steel chassis, with aluminium and high-strength steel as a development priority, tend to be lightly quantified to reduce fuel consumption and to be economically strong as one of the technological options for energy-saving emission reductions.
Cars can reduce their consumption by 0.3 - 0.6l per 100 km of oil and CO2 emissions by 5g/km. At the same time, the cost of adopting light quantification options (approximately $6,700) is lower than the cost of upgrading energy efficiency programmes (approximately $10,900) and more economically.
The search for a new energy vehicle for a renewable mileage further boosts the need for a lightly quantified vehicle. For a new fuel vehicle, a 10% reduction in the weight of the whole car would save 4-5% of the electricity; if the full weight of the vehicle was reduced by 10 kg, it would increase the mileage by 2.5 km, and battery costs would be reduced.
More stringent requirements for vehicle costs make light quantification even more important. Lightly quantified materials are low-density light materials (aluminum alloys/magnesium alloys/carbon fibre composites, etc.) and high-intensity materials (high-strength steel plate/heat pressurized steel and high-strength steel found).
High-intensity steels have high intensity, low quality and low cost features, the disadvantages of which are increased strength, reduced material strength after weight loss, and limited space for light quantification. Data show that the use of high-strength steel, aluminium alloys, magnesium alloys, weight can be reduced by 15 ~ 25 % and 40 ~ 50 %, respectively.
Aluminium alloys/magnes alloys have advantages such as low density, lightness, elasticity, high impact resistance, colorability, etc. Lightly quantified weight reduction is better than high-strength steel, but the cost is significantly higher than that of high-strength steel. Carbon fibre materials are currently used mainly in the aviation sector, with light, high-strength, high-strength, and resistant to shocks and corruption.
Advantages such as erosion, but its high material prices and lower processing efficiency are currently limiting its large-scale application in cars, and carbon fibres are the most lightly quantified cost in terms of cost, magnesium alloys, aluminium alloys, steel.
▪ High-intensity steel and aluminium alloys are currently important light-quantified materials in terms of technical routes. The Energy and Vehicle Conservation Technology Road Map states that the immediate goal is to focus on the development of super-high steel and advanced high-power steel technology, with a ratio of high-power steel to more than 50% of automobile applications; and the development of third-generation automobile steel and aluminium in the medium term.
Gold technology to achieve bulk production and industrial applications of aluminium alloy cover and aluminium alloy parts, with a long-term focus on the development of magnesium alloys and carbon fibre composites technology to achieve large-scale applications of carbon fibre composites and carbon fibre parts and components.
4.2 Aluminium alloy products are in the harvest period and the acquisition of five core processes to supplement high-strength steel chassis in Fordonna supports the expansion of the product line. The company has built five processes around a light-quantified layout of the exercise/vacuum fine-pressure casting/depressure casting/stuffing casting/high-pressure casting, which will in the future extend to the vacuum-pressure casting process.
Differential processes lead to full coverage of the company’s product lines and to the construction of a diversified competitive advantage.  The core process is based on the company’s layout of a variety of lightly quantified chassis products. The chassis system is of high value and is characterized by capital-intensive and technology-intensive features, and the company uses light-quantified technology in the chassis system to cater for it extensively.
Co-efficient emission reductions and new energy trends, and the extension of the technology to new-energy car battery packages, lightweight numeric areas. Companies currently quantify the main products: light-quantized control arms, battery bags and large body structures, turnovers, light-quantified chassis, etc.
The control arm is the direction and transmission element of the vehicle suspension system, and the rationality and quality of its structure affects the comfort and safety of the entire vehicle, and the manufacturing requirements are stable and high in intensity.
Sterling steel, steel puncture control arm, lighter weight, better mechanical performance, and more environmentally friendly. Products are excellent, with a single car price of about $1,000, and are now in the harvest period. Battery bags and large body structure products, due to their size and precision, are picked by companies.
The switch is to transfer and absorb the front load of the car, support it and drive the front wheel around the main market and turn the car. The company uses a different-pressure casting process, which is relatively traditional.
A lighter weight, with a low-cost advantage over the aluminium exercise process, would cost about $400 per vehicle. The light alloy chassis, mainly based on squeezing, vacuum casting and automatic welding, would cost about $1,500 per vehicle and is now in the production phase.
Clients are highly qualified and enter the supply chain of the new power in car-making. The company’s lightly quantified customers are guili/North Gas/One Gas/Greater Air Cars/Great Walls, etc., and they turn to Biadi for a better supply, and Bo Regge for a side rack. The company continues to enter the new power supply chain in car-making, supplying Model3 with two aluminium-based controls.
In addition, the company supplied the chassis to the company, Wilma, with a growing client base. The company acquired Fortune to expand the high-strength steel chassis business and boost its performance.
With 100 per cent of Dona ' s shareholdings, the production of the hard-strength steel chassis in the main camp of Fortuna, mainly supplied to Jili (70 per cent of the total), net profits increased by 32 per cent on a year-on-year basis as the sale of guilds broke out and lost rapidly, amounting to R$217h1 million, and at the end of 2017, Fodona ' s income increased by 32 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
After the purchase, the high-intensity steel chassis of Fortuna, together with the company's original aluminium alloy chassis, formed two sets of chassis, with light-quantified product layouts, with more robust performance growth.
• The company actively deploys the smart driving system level (smart brakes, intelligent transitions) and electronic products (electronic vacuum pumps, electronic water pumps).
Electronics has now been certified and is now in the tender phase, with production expected in the second half of 2019. The electronic pumps have been developed over a period of 1-2 years, have been validated, have been in the tender phase, and are expected to be in the second half of 2019.
5.1 The electrical vacuum pump product is upgraded and gradually released as the customer imports the turbo booster penetration rate and the development of new energy vehicles make the electric vacuum pump the mark.
The turbo booster-type penetration is driving the development of electric vacuum pumps. The motors with turbo boosters have the advantage of fuel efficiency, low emissions, tight fuel consumption regulations, and the turbo booster configuration rate is rising (32% in 2016).
It creates a high vacuum negative pressure and provides a vacuum, and the booster type, because of the turbo booster, creates positive pressure without the turbo pressure, which does not guarantee a reliable vacuum and requires a vacuum pump.
The development of new energy vehicles further boosts the penetration rate of electric vacuum pumps. Traditional cars can create vacuum adsorption to brakes when they start work, electric cars lack a vacuum created by motors, and the environment also needs to provide brake power through the addition of electronic vacuum pumps, and a sense of vacuum level.
The machine monitors changes in vacuums within the booster, ensuring that vacuums within the booster remain at a certain level, maintaining a good braking effect, thus further increasing the penetration of electric vacuum pumps.  The market for electric vacuum pumps is expected to be 4.5 billion yuan in 2020.
For 27 million (approximately 24 million new energy vehicles in 2017): 2. Turbo booster penetration is expected to reach 4.5 billion yuan in 2020.  Foreign manufacturers dominate the competitive pattern.
China’s Heila, Germany’s mainland, and Korea’s Yongshin, among others, have a strong technological and client base, with a market share of 75%. Domestic parts firms have a market share of about 25%, and businesses in other areas have a 5% share in new energy automobile parts and components.
Foreign branded domestic auto parts and components companies have entered the business for a long time, contributing gradually to business income and releasing long-term increases in production capacity. The public sector ' s electronic vacuum pump was developed and piloted in 2013 and delivered in small quantities in 2014.
In 2017, the company’s electronic vacuum pump was upgraded to the market extension and volume production stages. The company had invested $433 million in the electric vacuum pump project, with a planned capacity of 2.6 million units for a two-year construction period, with a projected volume of project output.
The main customers are Gir and Uplift, and the main customers are new cars and new ones. The main customers of the electric vacuum pumps are the crowds, Gilly, upper steam, and universal global. The new car models are the six editions of the Glory Six countries, while the company is developing a new Mercedes and will supply avp to the global Gem platform in March of 1919.
5.2 The key module ibs of the executive layer of intelligent driving is expected to break the foreign monopoly.
The electric power brake system integrates the existing vacuum boosters, brake general pumps, and abs total pumps with vehicle stabilization systems, completely free of the vacuum effects and maximizes the energy recovery of the brakes. With the wave of auto electrification and automation on, the smart brake system is activated.
(ibs) is a core component of the unmanned enforcement layer, and line control is a trend for the future. Chart 28: The history of vehicle brake system development.
In the second generation, the technology has been installed in the country by the most widely used electronic fluid suppression system. The mainland company has launched the mkc1 brake system, which is found in the Alpha Romeo Giulia model.
The company has set up a research and development centre in Shanghai/Hin Shenzhen/Ningbo, which is responsible for the development of ecu modules, electric machines, esc modules and ibs mechanical parts and totals.
The non-public distribution plan has invested $1.96 billion in the construction of a smart brake system with a planned capacity of 1.5 million units. The ibs sample has been successfully tested, but it still needs to be fine-tuned and racked, with an initial output of 2019. As the country develops intelligent driving, it is expected that the company ibs will have postnatal capacity.
Breaking up foreign monopolies such as the Bo continent, taking up market shares, and unleashing a growth in performance. 6. Profit forecasting and investment advice.
Smart electronic brake systems (currently dominated by electric vacuum pump products) are expected to slow down pressure as intelligent driving Nvh operations accelerate with industry, but downstream high-quality customers (Gili, Shanghai common) release supports performance growth, medium-term chassis lightly quantifying operations add up to new energy vehicle operations, long
As a result of such factors as the rapid decline and the uncertain international trade situation, the overall volume of cars may continue to be under pressure in the future. The volume of new-energy automobile sales has not increased as expected.
There has been a significant decline, affecting new energy-related operations in the short term, but high-end structural changes have affected cooling and trading wars. Tax uncertainty on automobile products has increased, and overseas production and sales costs may increase.
There may be a drop in product markets, a fall in product prices, a fall in product prices above expectations, excessive corporate capital spending leading to financial pressure, and an increase in depreciation costs due to annual increases in fixed assets.
On March 19, 2019, the company will release one shareholder, amounting to 478 million shares, corresponding to the current market value of 6.979 billion shares, and then calculate the final rating as an average market investment.