The Topper Group (601689) is performing as expected, and the increase in costs affects the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Summary of performance: During the first three quarters of 2018, companies achieved operating income of $4.46 billion, an increase of 25.9 per cent over the same period, and net profit of $620 million for mothers, an increase of 12.0 per cent over the same period. The Māori rate of 28.0 per cent, a ratio of-1.3 pp; net interest rates, which are growing rapidly, with the city taking the lead in the country.
Research and development, production and marketing of rubber shock and soundproofing products are the main ones. Currently, companies have improved the q3 single-season Māori ratio, with three fee increases affecting net interest rate hikes. 2018q3, with the negative impact of the rise in corporate overall revenue prices and exchange gains and losses, and a slight decline in corporate profits, compared to the previous three quarters.
The interest rate ring ratio has improved, but the increase in costs, in particular the increase in R&D costs, has affected the improvement of net interest rates. Sustained investment in R&D, robust expansion of operations, and active maintenance of clients. 1) R&D. Companies attach great importance to R&D investment, which accounts for about 5% of their income per year, with nearly 2,000 R&D personnel in Ningbo, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Shenzhen, Shenzhen.
The company invested $215 million in research and development in the first three quarters of 2018, up from +31.6% in absolute terms. 2) Business expansion. Car chassis, light quantification, and intellectual driving are the company’s strategic directions for future development.
It is decided to invest more in electronic vacuum pumps and smart brake system deployment smart drivers, and the medium- and long-term strategic layout will further enrich the company’s product lines and lay the foundation for future growth. 3) Clients. Domestic companies and Gilly, Upwards, Volkswagen, Volkswagen, Wall Street, Biadi, etc. are working well together; overseas, companies are working well with companies.
General, Ford, Chrysler, Volvo, Tesla, among others, have established cooperative relationships; in addition, the company is actively expanding the Japanese and Korean markets. As customers reach out in an orderly fashion, the company is expected to take over more projects in the future.
Expanding the industrial layout of the three new business lines of car chassis, light-quantified and intelligent driving, laying the groundwork for long-term growth of companies Rapid growth, with the city leading the country in terms of research and development, production and marketing of rubber and soundproofing products, major business designs for shock absorbers, interiors, etc.
Capables, chassis systems, light-quantified systems, and smart driving systems are currently the country’s first largest market for earthquake-resilient products, with the main clients being Shanghai General, Gilly, Chang Anfort, Air General Mitsubishi, Volkswagen, Shanghai Motors, etc. In the first half of 2018, the Topper Group generated a total operating income of $3.07 billion, of which the inner packaging and shock-resilient business was the company.
The main business, the share of revenue, is 39.0% and 38.0%, respectively. Since the ratio of gross profit to the shock absorber is significantly higher than the value of the interior feature, the profit on the profit-making contribution is 47.0% for the shock-resilient business and 31.0% for the interior key.
Figure 5: Corporate interior apparel function 2q3 Māori ring improvement, with three fee increases affecting net interest rate hikes, $640 million to acquire Zhejiang Car Parts Ltd. and Sichuan Fordona Motor Parts Ltd. 100% shareholdings have been ceded
The target company has accumulated technology over the years in areas such as high-intensity steel chassis, increasing the company’s revenues and profits in 2018, while also matching the company’s strategic plans for light-quantified material and chassis systems. In the first three quarters of 2018, the company achieved a revenue of 4.46 billion yuan, a 25.9% increase compared to the net profit of 620 billion yuan.
This represents an increase of 12.0 per cent over the same period and a net profit of 560 million yuan over the same period, or 14.9 per cent over the previous three quarters of 2018, representing a decrease in sales fees of 210 million yuan or 4.7 per cent of the revenue; administrative costs of 360 million yuan or 8.2 per cent of the revenue; research and development costs of 215 million yuan, or 31.6 per cent over the same period; and financial costs of the previous three quarters, as a result of currency exchange gains, are lower than in the previous three quarters.
89.9%, with total financial costs of about $1 million. The company ' s Māori ratio has shown a slight downward trend since last year, as a result of rising prices of upstream raw materials. The gross profit achieved in the previous three quarters was $1.25 billion, with a Māori rate of 28.0%, a decrease of 1.3 pp compared to the previous three quarters. The net Māori ratio has improved and cost increases have affected net interest rate increases.
RMB, 14.7 per cent growth in the same year, 12.5 per cent decline in the ring, 180 million net profit to the mother, 9.9 per cent increase in the same year, 24.2 per cent decrease in the ring, 170 million net profit to the non-mother, 14.1 per cent increase in the same year and 27.9 per cent increase in the q3 quarter Māori sales, equal to 1.0 pp increase in the ring; 13.2 per cent net interest rate to the sales, 0.5 pp decrease in the same year, 1.9 pp decline in the ring, sales
The increase in single-season costs, especially for R & D, is key to influencing the increase in net interest rates.3 Continued investment in R & D, robust expansion of operations, active maintenance of clients, R & D input by companies is about 5%. Companies keep R & D investment as a share of business income at about 5% per year.
Dozens of inventions, new and practical patents, provide a solid basis for sustainable corporate development and intellectual property protection. Sustained growth in R & D inputs is the basis for companies to remain competitive. The company now has nearly 2,000 R & D workers and 31.6 per cent more than in Ningbo, Shanghai, and 100 million yuan, representing 4.8 per cent of revenue, a stable proportion of which continues to grow in absolute terms.
In the case of auto chassis and light-quantified business, the company's strategic direction for the future development of the company. In the case of car chassis, the company began to move into high-intensity steel chassis by acquiring Zhejiang and Sichuan Fordona, taking advantage of the technical advantages of former Fodona in the area of car chassis, and creating synergies with the company's client and capital advantages.
The company plans to invest $5 billion over the next five years in the chassis and light-quantified business areas to achieve diversified production. In the case of smart driving, in May last year, the company completed a private launch of two projects, the Electronic Vacuum Pump and the Smart Brake System, raising a total of $2.40 billion, less $2.36 billion.
Turbo pressure or new energy vehicles require electronic vacuum pumps to replace the original mechanical pumps, which are currently less than 20% in use in the domestic vehicle vacuum pumps, far less than foreign penetration. The electronic vacuum pumps have now been upgraded and will gradually be rolled out to the market in the future.
The company has long-standing cooperative clients such as Gilly, Uplift General, General Air, General Air, General Anfort, Beijing Mercedes, Wall BMW, Great Wall Car, Biadi, as well as foreign car companies such as General Ford, Chrysler, Volvo, BMW, Ody, Tesla, and is actively expanding the Japanese and Korean markets because of car zeros.
Based on the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-business income for the period 2018-2020 as follows:
The value corresponds to 13 times, 12 times, and 11 times. The company is the country's leading Nvh system integrator supplier, and while there has been a steady growth in the business of the original shock absorber and interior feature, the company actively expands the initial coverage of the three new business lines: car chassis, light-quantified, smart driving, and gives an “enhancement” rating.
No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Limited (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.