Performance is significantly better than expected, maintaining year-round guidance. Company 1q25 is significantly better than expected, mainly because small molecules d&m and tides earn significantly better than we and the market expect. Hand orders continue to grow at a high rate (+47%).
Hu Zewoo, cfa • Company 1q25 performed significantly better than expected: 1q25 to achieve a common expectation of RMB 9.65 billion va (visiblealpha), mainly due to a significant improvement in wuxichemistry's income
Pharmacies (2359.hk) Higher-than-expected revenues and higher-than-anticipated costs of R & D over administrative costs and about $100 million in profit improvement contributions from termination of operations.
The profit rate is 27.7 per cent (+3.8 pptsoy, -0.3 pptsqoq). 1q25 going on business is increasing at a similar rate in hand orders (+47 per cent yoy). Management states that 1q25 going on business • strong income growth is mainly due to sustained growth in the income of small molecules d&m and strong growth.
Tides, driven by business. 1q25 wuxichemistry achieved a strong one-year growth rate (+32.9 per cent yoy, 17.5 per cent qq), mainly as a result of the continued growth of small molecules d&m income to $3.85 billion (+13.8 per cent yoy, -28.7 per cent qq), and tides revenue accelerated to 2.24 billion.
Dollars (+187.6% yoy, -0.4% qoq). By the end of March, Tides had increased the number of hand orders on the same basis.
(five new clinical 3+ commercialization projects at 1q25) and partly benefited from strong demand from oral glp-1 small molecules, while Tides’ operations grew well in addition to the high glp-1 growth rate.
The overall market value (million yuan) has increased productivity as a result of the growth of the project, and the entire wuxichemistry block has been adjusted.
Early operations are expected to remain weak in the first half of the year. Similar to the trend of 4q24, wuxichemistryr end-end income, wuxitesting block income are still declining in the same year, while wuxibiology returns to the same unit in the first quarter of the year are increasing at a positive rate (+ 8.2% yoy/-15.4% qoq).
Still cautious about the overall early business, on the one hand, the recovery of foreign biomedical financing remains slow, leaving some time for early demand to recover. On the other hand, the wuxi tablet is expected to be signed last year because domestic prices were depressed last year.
At 1h25, the company gradually turns into income. Looking ahead, the company decided to adopt a differentiated strategy, focusing on the company's competitive advantage project, and looking forward to a future recovery in pricing levels, although • tariff implications are expected to be manageable, maintaining year 2025 guidelines: (1) direct shipment of goods to the United States.
With revenues of about 10 per cent in 2024, the clearance of goods is currently done by the client. (2) The implementation of the “reciprocal tariffs” policy has led to an increase in the cost of purchasing certain raw materials, but the impact has been more manageable as companies have continued to optimize the supply chain system over the past few years.
The US geopolitical friction is uncertain, and the company still maintains the financial statement analysis and predictions that it gave for the year 2025 – drug Mingkund (2359.hk) Live Silver International
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report, Pu Ying International, agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Legion of Law-Poo Qing International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Poo Qing International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Provision of advice on securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as a professional opinion or recommendation of legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are given on the date indicated in the document, may be modified without further notice, or may not necessarily be updated to reflect progress made after the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not base any decision or action on investment, withdrawal or other financial aspects of the information in this report alone. In addition to the historical data presentation, the report may contain forward-looking narratives, multiple risks and uncertainties, and so forth.
The presentation may be based on a number of assumptions, limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Poo-Bing’s international securities. Poo-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, affiliated companies (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or of the companies concerned, and may from time to time buy or sell them.