The recovery of railway passenger traffic drove up performance, with $5.14 billion reported in profits, and Kyogi High Iron disclosed it in mid-2023. Corporate revenues in the first half of 2023 amounted to $19.28 billion, compared with the increase in transport and railway roads.
In the first half of 2023, railway passenger traffic recovered rapidly, with a significant recovery in corporate business and a significant increase in revenue. The country ' s railways completed 1.77 billion passenger traffic times, an increase of 124.9 per cent.
The number of passengers delivered by the high rail line train increased by 249.9 million, from 299.7 per cent to 99.7 per cent of the same level in 2019, and the number of miles of cross-line train operations was 4,49.39 million, representing an increase of 97.4 per cent, the number of miles, a high increase of 66.6 per cent, and the company ' s revenues were highly correlated with its volume of operations in the first half of the year.
460.12 million dollars for line passenger traffic, cross-line service, combined growth in JFK operations, uplifting of company revenue, overall cost improvement, and significant reduction in JFK losses.
The cost of operating the company in the first half of the year was 10.78 billion dollars, an increase of 41.1 per cent over the same period, while the cost of running the company remained largely stable and the cost of interest decreased, resulting in lower financial costs.
In the first half of the year, the net profit from the mother fell by $5.14 billion.
The frequency of travel by residents of the country is expected to continue to increase, with steady growth in the business of Kyoto and Jingfuan emblem, and gradual marketization of high iron pricing opening the way for future growth in the company’s performance.
One billion dollars, up from 10.34 billion dollars in the second quarter, representing an increase of 359.9 per cent in the same quarter, and a net return to the mother, $2.80 billion, up from 2.80 billion in the same quarter.
Figure 2: Trends in net profits from the high-speed railway season; rapid recovery in railway passenger traffic, significant recovery in corporate activity and significant growth in revenue; rapid recovery in railway passenger traffic in the first half of 2023; 1.77 billion passenger traffic completed by national railways; same-year increase
At the same level, 99.7 per cent of the year saw the completion of 4,4939,000 miles of cross-line train operations, representing an increase of 97.4 per cent compared with the previous period of 2019: 16.2 per cent compared with 17,187,000 miles of the line operated by JFW. This represents an increase of 66.6 per cent, which is highly related to the company ' s revenue and volume of operations, the number of passengers on the front line of the Kyoto Line in the first half of the year, and the number of passengers on the main line.
Cross-line service, combined with the growth of JFK’s operations, has led to a significant increase in corporate revenue. The increase in operations has resulted in cost upswings, overall cost improvements, and significant losses in JFK’s losses have been reduced due to the cost of moving upwards in passenger traffic and train traffic, with the company’s operating costs of $1.078 billion in the first half of the year.
At the cost end, the company’s management costs remained largely stable, and the lower interest costs led to a reduction in the financial costs. JFK’s business resumed with an income of $2.69 billion, with a loss of $570 million, a significant loss of 950 million in the same year. Overall, the first half of the year saw a net profit of $5.14 billion from the mother, down close to $5.29 billion in the performance forecast.
Figure 3: Quarterly cost and rate of increase in the same year and year, Figure 4: Quarterly cost performance in Queens Quarter Investment proposal: `buy-in' rating maintained
In the future, we are expected to maintain a steady increase in the frequency of private trips, a steady increase in the volume of the company's business, and a gradual marketization of high-value pricing, which opens the way for future growth in the company's performance.
The growth of railway passenger flows has not been as expected, the prices of transport and settlement prices have not been adjusted for long periods, the safety incident The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective and impartial, and the conclusion is not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future