China Coal Energy: cost-control support performance resilience, industry layout still in progress Events: 21st March 2025, China Coal Energy published its annual report, and in 2024 the company became operational 3.29% more than in 2024; single-quarter net profit to mothers of $4,709 million, 65.46% more than in the same year, with the ring falling
\triangleright Cost-side controls in the coal main industry are excellent and effectively hedged down the market. 2024, companies achieved self-produced coal production of 13,570.0 million tons, an increase of 2.5 per cent, and self-produced coal sales of 13,763,000 tons, the same amount.
Cost control has been relatively successful, mainly due to a corresponding increase in production replacement resources acquired in the fourth quarter of 2023, with a reduction in the depreciation and amortization costs of tons of coal, such as the production storage method amortization base, and a reduction in the cost of maintenance and transportation costs of tons of coal, in addition to increased security fees and overhead charges by companies
The use of specific fund balances reduces the cost of coal on a par with other costs. In aggregate, companies are effectively reducing the cost of selling their own coal units while achieving double production and sales, and are active in coping with the downside effects of the market.
Coalification industry costs have declined and the Māori rate has remained stable. In 2024, corporate coal industry had 4.1 per cent of its operations, mainly as a result of lower sales of urea and ammonium nitrate, lower sales prices and so on; operating output, mainly as a result of lower prices for raw materials, lower prices for fuel coal procurement, reduced material costs on a par, and urea and urea.
The industrial layout is continuously optimized, and there is much room for growth in individual sectors of business.
Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. 350mw low-heat coal power generation project completed for grid-connected power generation and 100mw photovoltaic + storage energy project to be completed for cindasecuitiesco., Ltd.
On the Internet, the 160mw centralized photovoltaic project and the three 100mw photovolt project accelerated construction.
Ongoing releases, the Uxin 2x660mw coal power integration project is about to begin, the Tück 100,000-grade “Liquid Sunshine” demonstration project, the Türk Xixi Forest Coaliser 2-year 900,000-ton polyolefins project, which accelerates construction, and the Mongus Regional Enterprise, which contributes nearly $10 billion in profits to the company, has become a new growth pole.
The Shanghai Energy Corporation, which is integrated into its “source-net-to-charge” system, has recently been built, new energy is being delivered and built on a scale of 468 mw. The grid rehabilitation project is well under way, and the associated storage energy project is now operational.
The service structure further reduces the financial costs.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: Looking back at the market, we think that the power coal price adjustment is a low-yielding normal, and that coal demand is still strongly supported by the JCJ price year 2025, and that market prices are temporarily not subject to unilateral downward conditions, either as macroeconomic warming or as support for coal prices.
All right. The stability of a high proportion of China ' s coal energy and the growth of its endogenous business continue to be of investment value, accompanied by the orderly release of coal production, further expansion of electricity and coal industry, and corporate risk factors: macroeconomic uncertainties; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy;
Uncertainty in the policies of the coal-related industries: accidents in the safe production of coal mines, etc. Wing Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Geological Minerals Economic Society, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association ' s Select Committee on Coal Prices, formerly Chinese Coal
Under the auspices of the Industry Advisory Service of the Carbon Industry Association, for more than a decade, research and advisory services in coal and energy-related fields have been conducted under the auspices of the National Research Programme for Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory programmes. In June 2016, the Union ' s Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre was responsible for research in the coal sector.
Li Chunzhi, cfa, member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly a researcher in large energy panels such as coal, electricity and natural gas.
Minister, who has worked for years in the first line of coal production, in the technical management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research and electricity marketing
Reform, Virtual Power Plant Applied Research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector. Xinxuan, Master of Finance, Australian National University, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the coal and electricity sectors.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Gilling University, July 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research, Li Dung, University of Southern California, January 2023, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research. Lee, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for coal industry.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Joined the Sunda Securities Research Centre in April 2023 for research in the natural gas and electricity sectors. Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal sector.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed a service agreement with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.