Bank of Merchants (600036): mid-2021. New starting point of 10 trillion dollars on retail aum station. Bank of Merchants' performance in the first half of the year was slightly higher than market expectations and generally excellent.
▪ Income and net profits have grown at a high rate below a low base, with net interest differentials falling back into the market in the second quarter already expected. Gains + fair value gains and losses have increased by 58.3 per cent on a single season, and credit impairments and costs have increased by a lower income, driving net profits up to 22.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, significantly faster than in the first quarter.
The net interest gap for the first half of the year was between 3bp and 2.49% lower than for the first quarter, a decrease of 1bp over the same period, low returns in the second quarter, a decline in the public loan ring in the second quarter, and a significant pressure on the investment.  asset quality, a very low in- and under-scheduled new generation + a strong exterior effort to raise the risk of impairment.
At the end of the quarter, the negative end rate was between 1 bp and 1.01% below the end of the quarter. The overall credit impairment in the first half of the year was high, but the impairment for loans was only 35%, the lowest in history.
Anticipated credit impairments, for example, mean that the company has cleared its entire spectrum of assets, both internal and external. Well, the cost of indebtedness is over-expected!
In the first half of the year, the revenue from the FMC commission was $20,612 million, an increase of 33.6 per cent over the same calibre, which is at the heart of the annual report: performance through the cycle, leading to an increase in fees.
The third quarter of the year, Morgan's Assets and Growth of the Taiwan State Bank, reports that the difference between net interest and poor living is trillion yuan, while the quality of the assets is historically optimal and the credit impairments are raised by the full digit count.
While lending growth has been weak and interest-rate differentials have fallen in the second quarter, it has been largely influenced by macro-environmental impacts, and the market has been expected. We have raised profit projections, and we expect the corporate banks to return their net profits from 2021-2023 to continue to look at long-term value creation for wealth management, and to strongly recommend and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Shortening of income; 3) Continued low demand for credit finance.1 Performance: Income and net profits grew at a higher rate than expected, mainly as a result of lower-than-anticipated cost-earnings ratios and lower investment returns in the second quarter of last year.
This represents a significant increase of 28.3 per cent in the first quarter of the second quarter, with net revenue from fees increasing at a rate of 23.6 per cent in the first half of the year, almost at the same rate as in the first quarter, but a significant increase of 58.3 per cent in the second quarter of the second quarter of the same year in return for investment returns + fair value gains and losses, mainly because debt market fluctuations in the last quarter of the year had a greater impact on current investment returns.
Credit impairments and lower costs drive higher growth in net profits. In the first half of the year, ppop grew faster than income by 14.2%, largely benefiting from lower cost-earning ratios. Moreover, the trend of credit impairments continued for one quarter, with only a small increase in the same year, resulting in a net profit increase of 22.8% compared to the previous quarter. This is also the convergence of leading banks, i.e., full asset quality.
After clearing, there is no need for excessive credit impairments this year, thus driving net profits to increase at a higher rate than the same rate than the ppop and income growth. 2. Assets & liabilities: deposit growth is remarkable, but pressure on lending is strong, and the amount of instruments charged is clear. Loan rings grew by only 1.7%, which is lower than historical and industry patterns, with 3.9% decline in public lending.
In retail lending, consumer lending contracted and credit cards recovered. In retail lending structure (the business caliber), the first quarter was driven mainly by high growth in individual lending and consumer loans, but the second quarter saw a 7.6% contraction in consumer lending and little growth in individual lending.
On the other hand, credit cards have recovered with an accelerated growth of 5.8 per cent, with a steady growth of 2.3 per cent in the first and second quarters and 4.8 per cent in the corporate debt, respectively, as can be seen more clearly from the Bank's data. While total deposits increased by only 2.7 per cent in the second quarter, the rate of increase was not particularly high, but the ratio of current deposits to both public and corporate clients increased and the deposit structure continued to optimize overall.
In the past, the share of current deposits at the end of the second quarter rose from 0.9 to 66.8 per cent at the end of the first quarter to an all-time high, with the ratio rising to 64.3 per cent for public and retail clients and 71.3 per cent for retail clients.
Banks; 2 retail wealth management aum has continued to grow at a high rate, with a breakthrough of $10 trillion in the second quarter, thus increasing deposits of deposits by retail customers. In fact, the retail demand deposit/retail customer aum indicator at the end of June remains at 15.2%, and is not above expectations.
2. Net interest differentials: The credit “weakness in volume” has led to a decline in net interest differentials, as previously anticipated by management. In the context of loan delivery pressure and bill impulses, the first half-year net difference is lower than the lower of the first quarter by 3bp to 2.49%.
Assets end: Low returns on loans are a core drag. Banking interest rates have been slightly higher in the first quarter of the year, but have been re-drawn in the second quarter and have been less innovative and generally low-interest-rate environments. Interest-bearing assets received by banks in the first half of the year fell by 2 bp to 3.99% from the first quarter of the year, falling below the "4%" threshold for the first time since the second quarter of 2017, corresponding to the second quarter.
Weaknesses, and a more prudent approach to bank lending, with strict risk controls, keep the rate of return under pressure. End of liability: deposit prices are stable, combined with a small upturn in cost rates. Benefiting from the increase in demand deposits, the cost of bank deposits is kept low at 1.39%, and the second quarter is flat over the first quarter, clearly superior to the same business. However, due to interest-bearing deposits in the second quarter,
The share of liabilities remained slightly lower, so the cost of liabilities in the first half of the year was still between 1 bp and 1.58 per cent on a smaller scale than in the previous quarter.
3. Non-interest income: excellent growth in wealth management! Net revenue from fees has increased by 23.6%. Product substitution: the Fund ' s title has grown in all categories of wealth management products. The most visible income contribution from wealth management is commission for product sales, $20.612 billion in commission revenue from wealth management in the first half of the year.
Asset management: high growth in management income such as funds and financial subsidiaries. For the first time in the current financial statement, a comptroller’s bank discloses “receipt of fees and fees for managing assets” in the form of a subsidiary fund, a banker, a banker, a banker, a banker, a banker, a banker, a banker, a banker, a banker, a banker, a banker, a banker, a banker.
In the first half of the year, the asset management fee was $4.86 billion, and the wealth allocation: $10 trillion at the aum station, and the wealth allocation improved.
The ring has grown by 4.1% to 999 trillion yuan, and this indicator has been based on a monthly average, and in fact the end-point size has passed by 10 trillion yuan. From the 9 trillion yuan gate to the 10 trillion dollar break, it takes only two quarters for a merchant bank, and we think that the net increase in wealth products such as base gold is a core driver.
The share of funds has been reduced to 21.5 per cent, while the share of property is also reduced to 25.7 per cent, while the allocation of wealth management products such as funds, equities (trustholdings), trusts and insurance has increased to 52.8 per cent, and the share of equity and mixed fund raising has increased to 7.6 per cent in aum, up from one quarter.
We stress that wealth management is the most productive and valuable future business block for merchant banks, and from a customer’s perspective, a “right and long-term track” to meet core needs, and that it not only sustains growth from a financial point of view, but also accounts for demand deposits. Until that time, silver was introduced into the assets of Morgan, the strategic investor, and the future will help commercial banks in financial science and technology, investment research, and investment research.
Based on experience, risk management, etc., has evolved in the direction of large wealth management towards the retail bank model of 3.0.4 Cost expenditures: cost revenues are slightly lower than expected and credit impairments have released net profits. This has led to a 14.2% increase in the year-on-year ratio, which is higher than the increase in income. In recent years, under wealth management and financial science and technology strategies, fees have been charged
Credit impairments in the first half of the year combined credit impairments of $41,895 million, the highest in the previous half, but lower in the last year as the amounts were also higher in the same period, resulting in lower rates of increase.
The net profit in the first half of the year rose at a rate of 22.8 per cent, corresponding to 32.5 per cent in the second quarter of the first quarter, and the asset quality in the table was largely cleared since 2020. As the bank with the best asset quality, the business bank had the opportunity to hold the window in 2020.
The rate of new creation was 0.95 per cent, the same as in the previous quarter, which was the lowest level ever recorded. The end-of-cycle rate was between 1 bp and 1.01 per cent below the end of the quarter, while the proportion of loans of concern was significantly lower than at the end of the previous year by 11 bp to 0.70 per cent, indicating that the quality of the assets in the table was historically optimal.
The potential risk of impairment continues to be strongly measured. Credit impairments in the first half of the year were high, but only 35% of them were for loans, a record low. Other impairments were mainly for joint assets, financial investments, off-the-shelf expected credit impairments, and so forth.
Figure 16: Credit card dynamic risk continues to improve for priority products with a significant preponderance of bank provision coverage over comparable banks. From parent-calibre data: (i) corporate loan end-of-life failure rate of 1.70 per cent, rebounding from 6bp at the end of the first quarter, but the indicator rebound is mainly due to a contraction in the size of corporate loans in the second quarter, which is basically the same amount.
One quarter is flat, and we measure an annually poor generation rate of 0.73 per cent, and the partner rate is almost equal to one quarter. (ii) Retail lending does not sub-consumable lending has produced small disadvantages. Moreover, the negative credit card generation rate has fallen to 3.67 per cent, further down from 4.58 per cent in 2020, and the end-of-service credit card failure rate has fallen to 1.58 per cent.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: The central highlight of the first half of the year was a retail aum station, with assets at historical best and credit impairments from the full scale. Although loan growth was weak in the second quarter, the net interest differentials fell, but were largely influenced by the macro-effects, and the market was already expected. We raised the profit forecast, expecting the hiring bank to return in 2021-2023.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board