Merchant Bank (600036): Large wealth management steady progress and strong growth in performance Incident: 13 August, Merchant Bank published the mid-2021 report.
The growth in performance is high and the profitability is constantly rising. 1h21 Merchant Bank Collections, Pops, Mothers ' Net Gains and Equals increase by 13.7%, 14.2%, 22.8%, and 1q21 Increases 3.1, 5pt, 7.6pt, respectively.
As a result, the main contributors are large-scale growth, growth in non-interest-bearing income, a reduction in the provision, and a small net-interest-bearing shareholding commercial bank, which is also the country’s first pilot bank to promote banking reform outside the system.
With a further consolidation of the debt advantage around the transition goal of building “light banks”, there are still pressures on the second half of the year's spread. The net interest gap ring of 2q21 falls by 6bp, “quality, efficiency, scale”, dynamic and balanced development of operations.
The faster delivery of credit in the first quarter increased the level of return on assets; on the other hand, the need for effective credit continued to be optimized since the second quarter, the size of the digital intake, international shortfalls, the pace of growth in bank lending slowed, the allocation of paper and peer assets increased, and the loan return ratio declined.
5bp; at the same time, market interest rates have remained low, and bond investment returns have fallen by 4bp. (2) At the end of the liability: first half-year deposits paid at interest rates of 1.39%, down 16bp from 2020. This has been achieved by the ratio of current deposits to large wealth management values, by attracting customer viscous increases and by increasing the retention capacity of deposits.
In the context of the increasing competition for future bank deposits and the relative rigidity of the cost of deposits, the advantage of attracting liabilities is to look ahead to the second half of the year, with downward pressures on the economy, and monetary policy likely to be more relaxed under steady growth targets. At the asset-end, commercial banks face asset-poor challenges, competition for high-quality assets is increasing, and interest rates on loans are increasing.
There are downside pressures; market interest rates are either low or low. At the end of the line of indebtedness, industry deposit competition continues to increase, and deposits are under pressure and cost rigidity. Overall, industry interest differentials in the second half of the year are under downward pressure; and recruitment is expected to remain at the lead-in-college level, based on the continued consolidation of the debt advantage.
High-growth gains were achieved in the first half of the year in the chain of large wealth management values. Rapid growth was achieved in the chain of large wealth management value management operations, with 1h21 revenue from wealth management fees (mainly including substitute b/h units)
At the end of June, the rates were 1.01 per cent, 0.70 per cent, 1.02 per cent and 6bp, 11bp, 10bp, respectively, lower than at the end of 2020; the quality of the assets was excellent and the non-lending-type provisions were enhanced, resulting in higher risk offset capacity. In the first half of the year, the credit impairment losses were reduced.
Of this amount, $41,895 million, including $14,457 million in loans, was lower than in the same period last year (mostly, 23,206 million were raised during the same period), and the provision for financial investment, peer assets and off-the-shelf assets was increased, reflecting the forward-looking and prudent nature of the policy for the provision. At the end of June, the coverage of the provision was 43.9 per cent, up from the end of the previous year.
The strategy has a leading edge, with retailing and light banking transitions. Recruitment starts earlier, with a strategic orientation. In the transition, a series of fists, including a cartoon, a letter card, gold sunflowers, private banking, etc., have been introduced to build up high-quality customer resources, compared to retail banking.
By the end of June, 165 million retail customers were recruited, an increase of 4.43 per cent from the end of the previous year; retail sales aum amounted to 9.99 trillion, an increase of 11.67 per cent from the end of the previous year. Private clients reached 112,000, an increase from the end of the previous year in the chain of large wealth management values, which is expected to optimize corporate profitability.
S148051907002 cycle attributes are important strategic options for commercial banks to cope with regulatory capital constraints, narrow interest differentials, and links to social assets, funds.
The business model + Open Integration Organization model is the core 3.0 model, fully integrating internal and external resources, and is expected to achieve wealth, capital management, hosting, investment and in-depth collaboration to provide better integration services to clients. The lead Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn service model is expected to boost rapid growth in aum, fpa and wealth management and further optimize corporate profitability.
Financial science and technology has been added to the grid, enabling digital transformation. Recruitment has continued to push for digital transformation, increasing investment in financial science and technology; in the first half of the year, financial science and technology invested $5,055 million, or 28.89 per cent more than the previous half, representing an increase of 0.4 pct over the same time, enabling companies to digitalize transformation.
Cost efficiency, with 27.95 per cent cost revenue in the first half of the year, is 0.27 pct less than in the same year. Investment proposals are: hiring banks report higher performance expectations, big wealth management strategies are moving forward steadily, leading to aum and associated higher revenues; and there is room for a good, well-positioned and future profit to be released in a stable quality of assets.
Input additions, business models, business models, organizational models leading by 2.1 times 2021 pb, corresponding to Eastern financial and intellectual booms, figure 1: Net profit gain of 1h21 by 22.8 per cent per annum in the case of commercial banks
Figure 2: Net profit of 2q21 seasons by 32.5 per cent over the same period, Figure 3: Merchant Bank 1q21 and 1h21 performance split
Figure 5: Interest-earning assets increased 10.4 per cent over the year at the end of June, and deposits increased 9.9 per cent over the same period
I've been in the banking industry for years, and I've been in the gold, sea and skywind banking industry.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation, Inc. (600036): Great wealth management is advancing steadily, with strong performance growth.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.