(b) The Bank of Merchants (600036.sh) for reasons of reporting: periodic reports
Debts have improved interest-rate differentials, and the performance of non-interest-bearing income growth has been impressive, with growth in non-interest income and expansion in size being the main drivers of net profits. Companies achieved high growth in operating income and net profits in the first half of the year, with performance significantly exceeding expectations, with net profits rising at the highest rate in nearly eight years.
Growth in size and fees and commission revenue are the main drivers of net profits. At the same time, a provision is made to contribute to a significant increase in net profits. Market data: 16 August 2021
In the first half of the year, the overall net difference was 2.49 per cent, which was at the same level as in 2020, down by one base point from the same period last year, with the net difference gradually moving out of the downward trend. Of this, interest income increased by 3.62 per cent, and the market value of the share of liquiditya (billions):
Loans and advances are the main component of interest income, while loan returns fall by 34 basis points on year-on-year basis, delaying interest-bearing asset returns fall. Interest expenditure at the end of the liability falls on year-on-year terms, mainly on deposits
Lower costs and lower size of debt-paying bonds, companies continuously optimized deposit structures, demand deposit ratios actively disposed of non-performing loans, and asset quality remained stable. Losses in the first half of the year of impairment were $41,880 million, an increase of 3.55 per cent compared to the previous year, and impairments in the loan category were reduced, while those in the industry, off-the-shelf and investment categories were reduced.
The rate of non-performing loans was 1.01 per cent, a decrease of 0.06 percentage points from the end of the year, the balance and share of the loan of concern declined, and the rates of badness and concern declined over the years. On the one hand, companies continued to optimize the retail customer group structure, while the retail non-performing loan rate fell from 0.05 pct to 0.76 per cent from the end of the year.
Sunda and the manufacturing industry are the main sources of corporate lending, both of which have declined in the first half of the year as a percentage of total loans, and the poor rate of corporate lending has fallen by 0.01 pct to 1.57 per cent, but not in the mining and real estate sectors.
By the end of June, the company had 165 million retail customers, a 28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City City, and 28 South China, Beijing West Side Street.
The size of the aum was over $1 billion, with an average of over half a million corporate clients on a daily basis amounting to 2,177.7 million households in the 7th floor of an international centre, and the bank of commerce applied for 1.6392 million investors, an increase of 29.17 per cent over the same period.
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. has a stronger management base, with revenues from intermediate operations growing faster and steadily supporting the company’s performance.
The share of operating income increased by 2.47 pct to 30.97 per cent over the same period, with a significant increase in surrogate handling fees $20,612 million in overhead fees and commissions, an increase of 33.60 per cent over the same period and an increase of 32.51 per cent over the same period in the fund issuing city insurance revenues; further deepening of the operations of the high net-value group of customers, agency trusts
At the same time, the revenue from the management of the Fund and the Silver Fund International, as well as the increase in the income from the property handling fee for the purpose of borrowing, led to an increase of 37.60% in the asset management fee and commission income.
The company continues to advance its wealth management strategy, its operations are protected by a high number of rivers, its assets are stable in quality, \triangleright provides space for future performance release, and its liability end-of-cost management capacity is strong, and good for men and women
The report is presented independently and objectively. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.