Xu's brand is highly favoured, the dominance of the industry is unshakeable, and the company's leading position in the car crane market remains unshakeable, with the market holding at around 50%.
The group asset excavator business has also gone hand in hand with the leader, reflecting Xu's role as one of the three major domestic players in engineering and engineering, with a strong engineering and machinery strategy, persistent research and development inputs, good products, quality, competitive marketing systems and, on that basis, active expansion of new and emerging high-altitude platforms, etc.
In 2019 and the future, Xu was still the leader of the auto crane industry, the engineering machine Xu's full-scale competitive advantage was evident, and the first brand of the industry was strong. In 2018, the market for Xu's car cranes was 46% higher than the market's second and third share,
The company’s automobile cranes are in the top of the industry. They have a full range of models, with not less than 50% of the tonnage market in 8-16t, 20-25t, 35-55t, 90-110t, etc., xctl05, xct25l, xct55l5 and xct55l6.
At present, the engineering and machinery industry is maintaining a high profile, and the company’s car cranes and group excavators are growing strongly. According to data from the engineering branch, the excavator industry grew by 10% in January.
Businesses with major car cranes are growing at a similar rate, showing that engineering and machinery are still high in the industry, and that demand comes mainly from five major sources, including environmental upgrading, over-restrictive treatment, replacement, capital re-generation, and an increase in downstream market capacity. Industry research also shows that sales in the industry have been precipitous.
In January, Xu's car cranes and group excavators were both expected to grow. From the time of the war, the engineering and machinery market pattern moved to tri-nationalism, Xu's work, Trinity, and China's alliance formed a monopolistic pattern.
And the price competition for dense, excavators, cranes is also hidden. Market competition is more intense than in the previous two years, but leading firms have a better chance of winning the competition with product, brand and marketing power. Market patterns are expected to be further optimized.
Gua shares 90% of the market, concrete machinery forms a bogus monopoly pattern in tri- and central-collars, excavators, and the market shares are being concentrated in Tri- and Xu, cat. Attention is being given to the development of new industries in high-altitude platforms and the securitization of corporate engineering machinery assets.
The high-altitude platform doubles its annual average sales, while developing arms-based products to optimize its product structure, benefiting from the annual high growth in the market for high-altitude platforms in the country. At the same time, the first shareholder, Xu Industries Group Industrial and Mechanics Ltd., successfully joined the list of selected state companies to reform Operation Two Hundred, which is dominated by excavators.
The securitization of engineering machinery assets is to be expected on the basis of the market price charged on 1 March 2019.
The threat posed by the city or upgrading of Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd.
The full-scale advantage of a car crane is clear, the industry's first brand is strong, and the number one vehicle crane that lasted for many years was 46 per cent in 2018, exceeding the market's second and third market share, and the number one vehicle crane industry.
Recalling that, in 2008-2018, the market for Xu's car cranes was maintained at more than 48 per cent and that the branding position of the first industry was strong, and that the competitive advantage of the full spectrum of the car cranes was evident in the complete diversity of the company's car cranes, with no less than 50 per cent of the tonnage in the 8-16t, 20-25t, 35-55t, 90-110t, etc.,
The market is in favor of machines such as xct205, xct25l, xct55l5, xct55l6. Market occupancy in most provinces outside Guangdong and Ningxia is first in the country.
Of these, Xu's sales in the top five regions, Jiangsu, Shandong, Hebei, Henan and Guangdong, accounted for nearly one-second of the company's total sales. The engineering and machinery industry maintained a high profile, the company's core business maintained strong growth, and excavators and car cranes continued to grow beyond expectations in January 2019.
In January 2019, the excavator industry sold a total of 11756 units, an increase of 10 per cent. Of these, 10142 were sold domestically, an increase of 6 per cent in the same year, and 1614 exports, an increase of 42 per cent in the same year. In 2019, the volume of excavator sales rose by 42 per cent.
The increase in the volume of heavy-duty companies shows that engineering machinery remains industry-high. Figure 7. Number and speed of monthly sales of automobile cranes across the country, demand for replacements, environmental upgrades, overstretched treatments, capital regeneration, etc.
In the general environment, the engineering machine has a lifetime of 8 to 10 years and is now 6 to 10 years from the last large cycle (2007-2011) of the engineering and machinery industry, and it can be expected that there will be a significant need for renewal in the next 2-3 years.
On average, the issue of domestic machinery for exports and imports is left out (export machinery is slightly higher than imported machinery). We believe that there is a high demand for the upgrading of the stock of engineering machinery, that there is a clear bottom-up effect, that it can be translated into the demand for new machines, and that it needs to be resonant with the stimulus of new demand from downstream production industries if it is to work better.
As engineering machinery has experienced a wave of peak-to-lower cycles in 8-10 years, we have used the end-of-life cycle as an excavator for 8-10 years, i.e. an update of the due period with an actual average demand of 8-10 years ago, with a formula (1).
In formula (1), we set an update factor of 0.7, because it is not possible for all users to upgrade equipment after the end of the excavator's life, and there is a certain number of people leaving the market, which we estimate to be around 30%. Under formula (1), we extrapolate about 102,000 new excavators in 2018, accounting for about 50% of the actual sales (assuming).
According to IAEM information, the main downstream demand for engineering machinery comes from: 1, infrastructure construction (about 35 per cent); 2, real estate (about 55 per cent); 3, energy mining (about 10 per cent).
Industry, therefore, by monitoring the increase in sales of different types of machines, the investment needs of downstream industries can be judged to some extent and, in turn, can guide the future trends of different types of machines.
Capital construction: excavators (including large, medium and small digs); loaders; concrete machinery; surface machinery; pillar machinery; real estate: 13-30 t loader (medium dig); concrete machinery; pillar machinery; energy mineral extraction: loader over 30 t (large dig); loader; pillar machinery;
Other industries (municipal engineering, farm water, etc.): 0-13t load-drilling (small digs). Will the volume of engineering machinery be stable in the face of market concerns? Since engineering machinery is a cyclical industry and is highly sensitive to macroeconomic climates, downstream investment and economic cycles are extremely high
The land influences whether the volume of engineering machinery will continue to grow. We conclude that the concerns of the current market about engineering machinery are mainly based on the triangular dimension, which is the most important factor in the suppression of the valuation of the plate: the guidance to maintain the capacity of the building short, focusing on key areas and weaknesses; and 3) the 70th anniversary of the founding of the country in 2019, the capital investment.
Investment continues to be an important tool for downswing the economy, with railway infrastructure taking the lead in determining an increase.2 Real estate: real estate investment is growing faster than new construction, and continues to decline, but there is potential for marginal improvement. 1) Real estate cycle affects engineering and machinery demand, real estate investment data and sales area data are forward looking and have a direct impact
The data from the Bureau of Statistics show that since the third quarter of 2018 the area under construction has increased at a rate of almost 10%, and remains high; 3) real estate policy has been the strongest in history, with expectations of marginal easing for the second half of 2019. It has been for almost a year, and in the absence of a clear improvement in demand, industrial enterprises are likely to enter a passive replenishment cycle.
Thus, the core of the sales of engineering machines is expected to be at an all-time high in the coming years. For 2019, according to figure 8, the demand for replacements will remain at around 100,000, with a year-round sale expected to be 200,000 (-10% to 10%) and the demand to maintain a high platform. According to our analysis, the 2019 engineering and machinery plate is still worth focusing on, and the atmosphere is still on, and if property-related policies are relaxed, the excavator will be able to do so.
In January, Xu's car crane and group excavator were both over-expected growth, with the city accounting for 11.5 per cent of the annual increase of 2.2 percentage points.
Figure 15. Xu's share in the market for excavators. According to IAEM, in 2018, Xu's car was sold by 1.79 million cranes, an increase of 51 per cent from the previous year, with a market share of 46 per cent.
Figure 17. Xu's car crane rate, engineering and machinery industry is dominated by the oligopolies of Xu, Trinity and China, market concentration has increased and industry patterns have continued to optimize.
The 2019 competition for market share led to earlier and more intensive marketing by mainstream manufacturers than in previous years, as well as competition for the prices of excavators and cranes. Market competition increased further than in the previous two years, but leading firms have a better chance of winning in competition based on product, brand and marketing strength. Market patterns are expected to be further optimized, with 90 per cent of the markets distributed among car cranes, Xu Yu, Quichi, and Quinogu for concrete.
Mechanicals form an oligopoly pattern in China, where the share of the excavator market is concentrated in Trinity, Xudu, and Cat. The market’s top three brands were Trinity, Cat, and Xu Yu, which expanded to 48% of the total, while the share of the market in Xiao Song, Dooshan, and Japan’s builders was below 10%, and the share of the foreign brand market was replaced by the country’s product plate every year.
During the year, the car crane market was largely divided by the front-line brands of Xu's, Trinity, and Central Union, with 91 per cent of the three leading cities, with 3 1st heavy labourers rising from 6 per cent in 2010 to 22 per cent, and Xu's remaining in top position.
Figure 22.2018 Competition patterns in the auto crane industry
I'm a willow, I'm a Fukuda Reza, I'm a field worker.
I've been working hard in the city, and I've been up in Sichuan.
(b) The pattern of competition for the cranes: in 2010, the market for the cranes was dominated by a monopoly of diggers, Xu workers, Trinity and Wootung, with 25 per cent in 2018, and the market for the cranes was largely monopolized by Xu workers and three or two dragon heads, with 42 per cent 36 per cent of the market, with Xu ' s share rising from 25 per cent in 2010 to 42 per cent in 2018, and Xu ' s share of the market ranked first.
Xu Industries is the sixth largest industry in the world, and according to the top 50 global manufacturers of engineering machinery published by the UK Khl Group in April 2018, Xu Industries is ranked sixth among global manufacturers of engineering machinery, with sales of engineering machinery in the group amounting to $7 billion.
According to a breakdown of the market, Xu's machinery ranks first on the domestic market in engineering machinery products such as car cranes, vehicle cranes, crushers, stand-by machines, floor machines, spin-drillers, lift-and-drilling, etc., and top three in loading machines, as well as scooters.
The company ' s high-altitude platform, which operates independently in Xu's fire protection, began to grow significantly in 2016. The company ' s high-altitude platform has grown rapidly in the last three years. According to research, when it was set up in 2016, sales were estimated at around $100 million, and sales are expected to reach $500 million in 2018, with annual tables and products with straight and curling arms.
Our high-altitude platform market has entered a period of accelerated development, and the high-altitude platform, as the last blue-sea market for domestic engineering machinery, has gradually moved from its initial market-generation phase to its accelerated development. Increased safety requirements for high-altitude construction and economics have been highlighted as an intrinsic driving force for rapid industrial growth:
(i) Safety: compared to traditional scaffolding, high-altitude operating platforms can reduce the rate of safety accidents and guarantee safety in high-altitude operations. (2) Economic: high-altitude operating platforms can reduce the labour force, increase the efficiency of work, reduce the duration of work and reduce the cost of construction.
Rapidly upgraded applications have also expanded from initial electronic building to construction of various types of plant, public buildings, airports, municipal works, road and bridge maintenance, aerospace manufacturing, and daily use of large supermarkets, logistics, industrial enterprises.
Figure 28. The high-altitude platform (awp) equipment rollout process, but more renters can be replicated in two or three or four cities.
Figure 30. Comparison of the stock of high-altitude platforms across countries and regions
The pattern of the awp industry is stable, according to the most recent data: in the global high-altitude platform market, the top three cities account for more than 50 per cent and the top five for 70 per cent.
In the domestic market, domestic brands are dominated by Zhejiang Dynasty, Starbang, and border workers, while foreign brands are dominated by jlg and Gini. Despite the number of new entrants in recent years, only the power to compete with giants like Jlg and Gini.
(a) Spare parts for engineering machinery: spare parts operations are related to the downstream industry and are expected to grow faster in 2019;
Worker machinery: The number of start-up projects increased in 2019 and faster growth is expected. Fire-fighting machinery: platform for high-altitude operations is growing and will maintain a high growth momentum from 2019 to 2020.
Annual ps are only 0.6 times, pe 10.2 times and pb 1.1 times, all below the industry average.