Fukuokalassindustrygroup (600660/ch) 2023 Annual Report: Increases in prices and expansion of capital expenditure acceleration capacity 2023review: bothaspandvolumeincreased, with acceleratedcapexttoboostcapacitationexpansion
The view focus is investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) which increases in value and performs as expected. The company publishes its annual 2023 report, which is collected throughout the year.
Product structure optimization has led to continued upswings and significant improvements in profitability. The company q4 seasons achieved a Māori rate of 36.5%, corresponding to +3.70 pcts, ring to +0.23 pcts, net interest rate, considered to be mainly 1) product structure optimization, hud glass, panoramic window, light glass,
Higher value-added products, such as adas front-curve glass, increased their income ratio, leading to an increase in the asp; 2) shipping costs decreased on a year-on-year basis; 3) sales increased to magnify business leverage; 4) operating effectiveness, with sales, management, R & D rates falling by 1.7 pcts and 2.2 pcts, respectively, compared to the ring.
In 2024, with higher value-added product penetration, raw materials, such as pure alkali, are expected to continue to be lower, and corporate profitability growth is expected to be strongly supported. With improved profitability in overseas operations, China and the United States have been able to support demand growth.
According to the company’s performance, the company is primarily targeting exports and completed construction by the end of the year, both projects are centred around high-value-added product production to meet the trend of overseas upgrading of car glass, and a new round of expansion of capacity with capital expenditure up and upswings is clear.
As the new energy car becomes more intelligent, high-value-added glass products and aluminium accessories become more visible in the new car, and companies are actively expanding their production to further boost the city. In 2023, the company's capital was $8,123 million. According to the company announcement, the Fukuyo Glass Project is in the construction of each of the two years.
Fort Qing and An Qing have invested a total of 9 billion yuan in the construction of a vehicle safety glass project with an annual output of about 26.1 million square metres and a vehicle safety glass project with 26.1 million square metres, a car spare glass project and two high-quality floating glass production lines.
Profit predictions and investment ratings. Corporate penetration of high value-added products will continue to rise, and car-glass operations, which are expected to benefit from a cost fall, are expected to further enhance profitability, expansion of production capacity, and provide a sustained impetus. We expect the company to return to its net profit in 2024-26.
Yao Shihashi barneyyao Wang Kaiwang, cfa