Four quarters of a year, a 76 per cent increase in profits over the same period, increased profitability over the same period, earned $33,161 million or +18 per cent a year, achieved a net return of $5,629 million.
Compared to +18 per cent; the total profit on the docking calibre was $6,347 billion, a 40 per cent increase in the same year. In a single quarter, 3 per cent, a 75 per cent increase in the same year.
In the context of falling prices, such as pure alkalis, and increasing capacity utilization, the company ' s profitability ratio + 1.43 ptt. The price of raw materials, such as pure alkalis (9.15% below the median price of heavy alkali q4), has fallen in four quarters, the company ' s capacity has continued to improve and its profitability has increased significantly.
At the end of the volume, the company sold 140 million square metres of glass in 23 years, at a rate of 4 square metres per vehicle, equivalent to a 10 per cent increase in the number of vehicles installed, and a global volume of 87.24 million vehicles in 23 years.
The company ' s global market for car glass accounts for 40.2%, compared to +0.2pt. Previously, Fukuyo announced that 1) it was proposed to invest $3.25 billion in the Fujian subsidiary to build about 20.5 million m2 of car safety glass per year. 2) It is proposed to establish a compost subsidiary to invest $5.75 billion in the construction of annual car safety glass about 2610
Ten thousand square meters and two floating glass lines. In 24 years, the company is expected to spend $8.1 billion on capital, rising to $213 in 23 years, with a capr of 4.9%, 23 years of intelligent skyscreen glass, modifiable.
Glasses, head-up displays glass, ultra-segregated glass, light-quantified super-glass, platable-heatable glass, Fulfilled glass (600660.sh) - Second quarter Māori ratio rises by the same proportion, car glass, steeled glass, etc. with higher value-added glass + 9.54 pt.
Glossy Glass (600660.0.sh) - Quarterly Revenues increased by 8 per cent, Car Glass Sheets (600660.0.sh) - QCs increased by 19 per cent, Autobonds (600660.0.sh) - QCs increased by 49 per cent-106 per cent, QCs increased by 49 per cent-106 per cent,
Investment advice: maintain a "buy-in" rating. The company is a global car glass tap, with a strong trend of intelligence, and the car glass is expected to increase from 4 square metres to 6 square metres in size; 2) monomodems increase in value (plating, insulation, wrapping, hud, light, 5g communications, etc.) from 600 yuan.
Up to 2000 dollars. After the car glass and network connection opened up the new landscape, the industry was expected to continue to raise the current profits at $6,716 million, a 20 per cent increase over the same period; the exchange gains at $369 million, a 1045 million gain over the same period the previous year, and the profit from the withholding of the calibre at $6,347 million, a 40 per cent increase over the same period;
Sfysam Automation Co. Ltd. prepared $147 million in long-term asset impairment, $106 million in the same period the previous year, net of exchange gains and losses, subsidiary Fysam's long-term asset impairment preparedness impact, 2023 corporate profits.
Figure 2: First-quarter operating income and the same-year growth rate of the glazing glass, Figure 3: Net profit and the same-year increase of the glazing glass to the mother
Material prices have declined, company capacity has continued to improve, and the profitability of companies has increased significantly. Fortune harvests have increased faster than the domestic automobile industry by 4.46 ptt. Since 2013, annual harvests of Fukuoka glass have increased and quarterly increases have fluctuated to a level similar to those of the domestic car market, and their rates have increased by an absolute basis.
Figure 9: Annual comparison of the rate of increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of increase in glass camp, Figure 10: Quarterly comparison of the rate of increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of increase in glass camp
In 2023, the company sold 140.16 million square metres of glass, converted by 4 square metres of glass per vehicle, as compared to 3.504 million vehicles equipped, cf. Marklines data, 87.24 million vehicles sold globally in 2023, and 40.2 per cent of the company ' s global market for car glass, compared with 0.2 pct.
The company announced that the company would continue to expand its glass capacity in the United States, Fertilizer, Fuqing, after the company announced that it would continue to expand it.
The current corporate floating glass energy base covers the United States, home country, with 1.35 million tons of domestic capacity and 260,000 tons of United States capacity. According to the company announcement, the company will expand floating glass/luminum for 24 years in the United States, and so on.
Planning for 26.1 million m2 or about 6 million BJR, public, Ui, Jiang Huai, Chang-an, etc.) Fuku Qing: 28 December, Fukuyo issued a bulletin on financing the establishment of fully-owned subsidiaries.
(b) Increased investment of RMB 3.250 billion in car safety glass projects, equipped with advanced modern production equipment, resulting in the production of fertilizer for approximately 20.5 million m2 of car safety glass per year.
Glossy Glass (Aggregation) Ltd., Fashion Glass (Aggregation) Parts Co. Ltd. and JFW Floating Glass Co. Ltd., invested $5.75 billion in the construction of car safety glass projects (oem auxiliary market), auto parts glass projects (arg post-sale maintenance market) and high-quality floating glass projects, equipped with modern state-of-the-art production
Equipment. Eventually, about 26.1 million m2 of annual car safety glass is produced and two high-quality floats are produced, and we believe that this expansion of capital is expected to open a new cycle of capacity, continue to boost corporate head-line inhalation, and the global market share of corporate car glass operations is expected to continue to rise under the expanded signal.
Price-side: Continued R & D inputs, higher value-added products as a share of higher value-added products, and improved glass for new products have remained relatively high. To maintain a competitive advantage, companies have been investing more and more, and their R & D investment has grown from 155 million yuan in 2010 to 1,403 million yuan in 2023.
The company invested more in R & D than its intra-industry competitors. Starting in 2014, the Corporate R & D Fees Division has set up smart innovation centres, set up smart network innovation teams, fast-tracked R & D closings, and made breakthroughs in the core technical areas of car glass key manufacturing processes and equipment, glass antennas, plating, photovoltaics, etc.
Lightly quantified ultra thin glass, platable plating glass, glass up display, ultra-segregated glass, etc rfid5g glass with a web-wire antenna, intelligent panorama glass, etc., provide users with a new green intelligence, energy-efficient and safe driving experience.
Research and development of innovation and technology leads the company's glass product to increase its value. The company continues to push the car glass towards “safe, energy-efficient, environment-friendly, beautiful fashion, smart integration.” 2023 smart skyglasses, radiable glass, glass-up, ultra-segregated glass, light-quantized glass, plating membrane-heated glass,
High-value-added products such as steeled glass account for the same proportion as +9.54 ptt. With high-value-added glass penetration, we measure the car glass industry's single-car value for 2020-2025, estimated at more than 8%.
The glass area of approximately 5.2m2 is currently the largest orbital pre-traffic product, and the side window of the train uses electric modifiable glass. Figure 13: The car glass industry benefits from an increase in the size of the vehicle and the value of the single square metre.
Figure 15: Official downline of the world ' s premier landscape-wide mountain travel train, Figure 14: Unit cost of Fukuyo car glass ($/m2) Looking forward, with Hud (pop/New Wall Platform, etc.), full glass roof (Texra, Peng, etc.),
The use of light glass as a proxy is becoming more widespread, and the automobile glass industry is expected to continue to rise in the context of electric intelligence. We believe that light glass, with its insulation, sound insulation, recreation, safety, etc., will be given more functionality throughout the landscape. The light glass product is fully configured and supplied to the mainstream.
It's a branded electric smart car. At the moment, glittered glass products can be divided into pdlc, thermal-variant, and ec-moderated glass, of which pdlc can be adapted to the landscape skyscreen glass as an optional part in a map free, with a level 10 per cent lightable, with 99 per cent of UV cut off; and hot-changed glass can customise multiple glass colours.
And the colours can change with temperature; ec-lighted skyscraper is the new heavy weight-modified glass to be launched this year for the benefit of the light, with low fog, intelligent sensory automatic light, insulated UV, etc., with light-chamber ec-to-colour technology, with a gradient-to-colour light in apogee 001, wide aionsplus, Biadi seals, etc.
Figure 17: Biadi seals carrying ec light +low-e panorama investment proposal: continued recommendation of global leadership glass on high-quality track, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Industry opportunities revolve around 1) incremental/upgraded parts and components: 2) autonomous rise product in the context of motor intelligence
Two main lines of the chain are active. Under the main line of incremental/upgraded parts, car glass is naturally captivated (occupying one third of the surface of the car and surrounding the crew), prior upgrades are centred around front-hudization, top-of-the-scenes penetration, and in the medium term, forward car glass is expected to become the mass at the end of the car's ecological application.
According to the output carrier (the amount of information outside the control screen), there is a huge growth space (one-car value from 700-1500-3000+).
In 2024, companies are expected to grow robustly in the context of the upgrading of glass products, lower prices for raw materials, and higher levels of city ownership: medium-term dimensions, with companies increasing their production in North America, in the interior of the country, and in the form of domestic enrichment and so on.
A new cycle of production is expected to open, with the global market coverage of corporate car glass operations expected to continue to rise at an upswing, long-term dimension, with companies acting as global car glass taps with a high trend of intelligentness, with motor glass expected to start at 1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Insulation, wrapping, hud, luminous, 5g communications, etc., increased from $600 to over $2,000. The following car glass, web connection, opened up new horizons, and the industry was expected to continue to grow.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject