On October 30th, stone technology published a tri-quarter report for 2022. The company became operational in the first three quarters.
Revenues of $4.392 billion, or +14.8%; net profit for mothers of $855 million, or +15.9%; continued increase in non-diversion of internal sales and pressure in overseas markets. On the domestic market, companies introduced high-end new products, g10s, which were quickly released and, according to Ovi cloud data, retail sales on line q3 were equal to +52%.
q3 is expected to grow faster in real terms than the Ovi caliber, considering the company’s power line and its vibrating channels this year. The overseas market q3 is under overall pressure, with the European market: due to the conflict in the Russian Federation and high inflation, the projected decline is larger than in the second quarter; the United States market, the high-end new product s7maxv, continues to be sold and is expected to grow rapidly;
Sea Wang Asia-Pacific market: growth is expected to be stable overall, with higher product structure, higher US-Asia sales and lower prices of raw materials.
The higher rate was due mainly to higher sales costs for self-employment channels; lower financial costs; and, in the medium to long term, the global growth of the ground-cleaning track and the global presence of stones in rock technology (688169.sh).
The potential for continued expansion of the market’s share is greater than overseas production, supply chains, iterative innovation, etc., and has a global competitive advantage. The national production poles, represented by rock and technology, and Coves, have been evaluated by the company Stone and Technology (688169.sh).
The share of the overseas share is expected to continue to rise as national product plates are further developed in overseas market channels. 2-year-long quarterly reports on rapid income growth and modest performance 5. Stone technology (688169) depth reports on national production of science and technology
Given that the penetration rate in the land sweep industry has been much higher, and that leading national companies have a global competitive advantage, home-grown centres of think-making have further enhanced their competitiveness and are expected to reap the full dividends of rapid industry growth. The “recommended” rating is maintained.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.