tcl Focused on Main Camp, with a strong future momentum, corporate profit structures have improved considerably.
5.82%; the net profit attributable to the owner of the parent company was $1.91 billion, an increase of 23.9% in the same year, of which three seasons - 6.45%. If the sale proceeds of q3 companies last year were eliminated by $801 million, the group ' s first three seasons of net participation semiconductors showed a significant increase in the profitability of the liquid crystal panel.
Market data: October 25th, 2017, 11th and 2nd 6th generation. T1 and t2 plants remain fully productive, their market share is rising, lunar light power completes its acquisition of PV, strengthens the synergy between Wuhanhua and Xia.
Total market value (billion yuan): Efficient and competitive semiconductors show industry groups. Multimedia operations continue to improve. lcd television sales, average sales and sales are higher than during the same period last year.
Basic data: Improved as of 30 September 2017. Overall multimedia operations generated 24.630 billion yuan, an increase of 23 per cent in the same year; Māori increased 4.2 per cent in the same year. Icd sold 17.4 million units, an increase of 10.5 per cent in the same period, including smart network television.
10.24 million sales, a 27.8 per cent increase in the same year, fell 10.1 per cent, but benefited from a 29.5 per cent increase in overseas market sales, profit projections and investment proposals: the group gradually dissipates non-core operations, optimizes the corporate structure, and focuses on the dominant output
By integrating the industrial chain up and down, it became the country's first firm with the advantage of vertical industrial chain integration. By technological innovation, vigorous development of smart interconnections, and continuous upgrading of brand power, China TV production was ranked first in 12 consecutive years, with consumption in overseas markets close to the same level.
30%. In addition, the "decreasing, downswing, efficiency" changes implemented by the group have been effective and have improved operational efficiency.