China's life (601628.sh)
Billion dollars, a 60.5% increase in the same year. The central driver of significant growth in performance is better performance at the end of the investment, higher equity investment by firms taking advantage of market opportunities, and higher returns on investment.
The growth in corporate performance was particularly significant. In the third quarter of 2025, the company achieved business income of $2.9866 billion, and the returns on equity investment were significant as a result of three quarters of stock market warming, while interest rate hikes also had a positive impact on the performance of insurance services under the new accounting standards.
Restatements over the same period showed a significant 41.8% increase and a strong increase. This is largely due to firm corporate pull. On the product structure, firm corporate push toward a strategy of transition to floating-yielding products, such as bonus risk, has been significant.
This transition not only responds to regulatory orientation and the market interest rate environment, but, more importantly, has effectively reduced the rigid cost of the end of the debt. Channels have grown steadily.
Qualitative changes continue, with a marked increase in the number of people and retention rates. Silver insurance channels optimized the competitive pattern after the “brands” and companies achieved high growth rates based on brand and product advantages, making them premiums and values.
Chinese Life (601628.sh) - Optimizing Debt Structure and Increasing Profit Level - Chinese Life (601628.sh) - High Performance Driver of Investment Flexibility - The Company has retained a high percentage of Tpl (transactional financial assets) equity positions in order to get a bigger shot
Life in China (601628.sh) – Continuous revaluation of assets, new high profits – sexual space. At the same time, the company has steadily advanced its high dividends strategy by adding 001 (other combined gains) assets – Life in China (601628.sh) – Consistency in China (601628.sh) – Consistency, Value Indicators Uplifting –
Investment proposal: The transformation of corporate liabilities and the realization of investment-side opportunities have shown excellent results, with strong capital linkages. At the same time, corporate equity investments are high on the list of risks, leading us to the top.
In 2023, the new accounting standards for the insurance sector were implemented, with asset-end earnings fluctuations directly increasing the volatility of insurance companies’ profits, adding a sharp rebound in the capital markets in the first three quarters of 2025, and higher corporate revenues and profits.
Better, companies take advantage of market opportunities to increase equity investment, and the return on investment increases substantially. The effect of the new financial industry standards adjustment on the volatility of risky corporate profit statements can be seen in two ways: first, large equity holdings are designated as fvtpl measures that directly increase the volatility of profit statements.
When an asset is designated as fvoci, the decision is irrevocable, only the dividends can be recorded as gains or losses, the difference in the purchase price at disposal cannot be accounted for as gains or losses, but only as retention proceeds, so that the insurance company classifies a large number of equity assets as financial assets measured at fair value and their movements are recorded as gains or losses in the current period (fvtpl), and financial transactions resulting from changes in the capital market
The impact of a change in the fair value of an asset on the profit statement becomes greater. Second, the items in the profit table relating to the accounting of investment returns have changed. The main subjects under the old guidelines relating to the accounting of investment returns are investment returns, fair value change gains and losses on asset impairments; and the main related subjects under the new guidelines are interest income, investment gains, public exchange.
Gains and losses on change in value, credit impairment losses, specific calculation formulas and calculation processes are referred to in the table above. Of these, “interest income” reflects financial assets classified as amortized at amortized cost under the new financial instrument guidelines and financial assets whose movements are accounted for in other combined gains are calculated on the basis of the actual interest rate method.
Yearly and 2024 performance, forecasting profitability from 2025 to 2027, with core assumptions such as 1. Insurance service income: considering that the current end of the industry liability is still at a critical stage in the restructuring of the product ... substantial gains from fair value changes have been raised.
4. Net gains from fair value changes: strong stock markets in 2025, and optimized financial transactions by listed venturers The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, independence, objectivity, impartiality and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future