Suzhou was established in April 2008 as a telecommunications and high-speed light module with lines covering 10g/25g/40g/100g/400g series and widely used in cloud data centres, none.
The company captured the global data centre's 40-g light module penetration wave, as well as the upscaling wave from 40g to 100g, with a high yield of $54 million in 2011.
From 2011, when it started in a digital field, Smack achieved a global high-speed light module champion from an entrepreneur. In 2016, a major asset restructuring announcement was issued in mid-2016, with a proposed bid of $2.8 billion to buy Suzhou.
By changing the name of the listed company to “Middle Creams”, Suzhou made a positive change in the market value of the share in circulationa (millions of dollars) with a relative depth of 300 indexes.
Industry continues to grow at a steady pace, telecommunications continue to grow in the spring: North America's public cloud service is ahead of the country, with the top three cloud service providers, Google, Amazon, Microsoft, each owning more than 3 million servers, and the North American Super Data Centre is now being built.
Though slowing down, there is an iterative need to upgrade from 25g/100g platform to 100g/400g platform. China, as the other pole of global int, has the same size as the North American market, but the construction of a domestic super-data centre lags behind North America, with a light module belt.
Broad demand has just moved from 10g/40g platform to 25g/100g, with a strong corporate leader of 100g and a competitive advantage: as a global leader of the light module, not only produced well-lined products, high client structure, but also tied to the market to form a multiplicity of technology-protected rivers.
The Division, with the encapsulation and manufacturing processes appropriate to the demand of the digital market, can always occupy the market with low-yielding, high-intensity rates: the concentration of upstream purchases is diversified, the volume of goods is guaranteed supply strong chain bargaining power, and downstream customers work closely together to maintain a rapid and corresponding demand at all times.
Autonomous R & D capabilities are a global leader, manufacturing lines are highly automated, and the Matthews have an excellent effect yet to see the company grow the ceiling: the company’s current main business of 100g product ring ratio is still growing. The next generation of 400g product is ready to continue, with large-scale delivery capacity in 2019.
In 2020, high-end North American customers are expected to import a full 400g light module instead of the current 100g research assistant: Xu Yibin, a 25g light module market ahead of 5g, has won a 5g order.
Risk factors: 400 g light module delivery is below expectations, 5g construction is below expectations, trade between China and the United States is on the rise, and corporate products are taxed and sold.
Quality track, high-speed growth. Xujiang, Suzhou, was established in April 2008 as a telecommunications and digital high-speed light module with product lines covering 10g/25g/40g/100g/400g series and widely used in cloud data centres, wireless access and transmission.
The company has captured both the wave of penetration of the Global Data Centre 40g light module and the wave of upgrades from 40g to 100g, rising from $54 million in 2011 to $4 billion in 2017, with 105% of the cagr. The company’s largest start is now seven years, with a start-up company with a global high-speed light module.
After the reorganization, Suzhou collected more than 90% of the revenues of the listed company, which was put on the market in July 2017. The deal was completed in July 2017.
The division was renamed the “Middle and Middle Invent” and Suzhou created the official and open Chinese capital market. 1.1 Created by a team of excellent managers, once the deal was completed, the actual controller of the company was Mr. Wang Weishu, the former chairman of the intermediary equipment, but the equity structure.
This has changed considerably. The creative management team and co-actors have 17.42% of the votes in listed companies, the acquired capitalists and co-actors have 13.31% of the votes in listed companies, and the creative management team and co-actors do not constitute a legal co-actor, but both have more voting rights than Mr. Wang Weishu.
The country’s 1,000-person program, led by a team of experts, is based on a national engineer dividend, the introduction of advanced technology and operational experience from the overseas light module, which provides the basis for building a global light module master.
The Human Project hires a specialist, Dr. Louis Lau of Georgia Institute of Technology of the United States, an internationally renowned optical expert, Mr. Lee Weilong, Director-General of Oplink's front office, and a lot of Dr. Hae-won, as well as excellent technology and market talent at home and abroad. The introduction of the overseas light module is a first step in a country where the cost of engineering, research and development, management, and manufacturing are all absolutely superior.
In comparison with the company’s annual statements, which analysed and stripped the old middle-class equipment, Suzhou had about 1783 people, with approximately 471, or 26.4% of its total workforce, of whom at least 20% had a strong career.
The average amount of R & D per technician is approximately RMB 8.5 million, and the per capita income generated by the company is significantly better than the many shifts that have been made in the light module application market, according to RMB 4 billion in 2017.
The year 2000 was the beginning of a development in the field of light modules, mainly in the interest of serving the telecommunications market, with a large number of products being sfp-plus products with a bandwidth of 6 g/10g. The early creation of 10 gsfp-plus and 6 gltesfp-plus products was used on a large scale for mobile 3g networks in China. Since 2012, the construction of the global super-data centre has been accompanied by a light model.
Starting with the rapid penetration and capture of the data centre market, the super-data centre was developed with a large-scale introduction of the 10g/40g module platform due to the North-South orientation of the data interface. Starting in 2015, a growing number of users of the centre are moving away from plans to privatize their own data centres and turn to cloud data centres for data transfer.
Interlocking, leading to a shift in data flows from North-South to East-West, which places a higher demand on data interactions within data centres, prompting cloud data centre operators to upgrade the light module to a 25g/100g platform. Following the exchange interface principle, the bandwidth is four times the server's access, due to the growing number of 4k/8k, vr/ar, mobile stream media, etc.
Large flow applications are widespread, and the North American Super Data Centre operator will start a new 100g/400g light module upgrade.
400gosep 400gqsfp-dd Theft Technology 100gqsfp28singlelambda Light Communication Module
It has a full package of 400gosfp light communication module products, and it has a full package of 400gqsfp-d light communication module product groups, including both 4x50gx2 and 4x100g architecture programmes.
The product in this series is used for the 100g Ethernet, and the product in this series meets the standards of ieeee802.3bs and osfpmsa, mainly for the 400g Ether.
Compliance with eee802.3bs and qsfp-dmsa standards, mainly applied to 802.3bm, eee802.3cd and qsfp28msa, with small network, data centre and cloud network.
400g Ethernet, data centres and cloud networks. Characteristics of modulation, low power and high speed. 40gqsfp+
The 100gqsfp28 light communication module includes sr4, sr4cpri, and the launch of the whole series of 40gqsfp+light module products, including the 25gsfp28 light surged mail module of the technology, which includes sr, aoc, lr, erlite
aoc, aoc100g-4*25g, cwdm4, clr4et, ecwdm4, sr4, esr4, ir4, lr4, er4, lx4, psmir4, psmlr4, aoc commercial temperature series and ir (2km), lr, Bidi, cwdm, etc.
Psm4, psm4pigtail, lr4lite and er4lite series, which produces the dodocbreakut series. The product series uses lc or mpo lightscale series. These products use lc light vents compatible with ice802.3by, sff-
The product is based on lc or mpo light vents, compatible with eee802.3bm, sff-8636 et seq., compatible with eee802.3bm, sff-8436 et cetera; has low power consumption, 8472 et cetera; has low capacity, small size, high speed, wide temperature range
There is no need for a global super-data centre to build a catalytic light module. The data centre construction continues to be the pull force of the growth of the light communication device market, with data-centre flows from Amazon, Google, Alibaba, Tents, etc., increasing by more than 100% per year as early as 2016. Cisco predicts that global data centre ip traffic will increase between 2015 and 2020.
More than two times, capr as high as 27 per cent, super-data centre server deployment will increase from 21 per cent to 47 per cent, traffic will be higher, industry will continue to grow at a sustained rate, telecommunications will continue to grow in spring, global public cloud services will continue to develop rapidly, domestic public cloud services will accelerate, and industry will not be able to do so for at least three years.
See the ceiling. North America’s public cloud service is ahead of the country, with the top three cloud service providers, Google, Amazon, Microsoft, each owning more than 3 million servers, and the current pace of construction of the North American super-data centre is slowing, but there is still an iterative need to upgrade from platform 25g/100g to platform 100g/400g.
At the other end of the globe, which has the same size as the North American market, the construction of domestic super-data centres lags behind North America, and the demand for light-module bandwidth has just moved from platform 10g/40g to phase 25g/100g, with the demand for company-owned 100g products continuing to grow.
2.1 The flood tsunami, which drove the upgrade of the light module, and the rapid growth of global data centre traffic, both in North America and in the country, is no longer able to better meet people's needs. Google began testing the 400-g light module for small quantities in the market this year.
The top four cloud service operators in the United States have made it clear that they will start to upgrade 100g/400g in 2018; The country is expected to phase out the 10g/40g platform in 2019, and the cloud service operators will move fully to 40g/100g.
Superdata centres are in the planning, construction and landing stages. At the end of the application, due to cost and volume problems, more and more enterprises have given up their own data centres and migrated applications to cloud platforms; in terms of share of supply, the supply of superdata centres with hundreds of thousands or even millions of servers has increased at a much faster rate than their number.
China has the world’s largest data centre incremental demand, and construction is accelerating. Capital spending on four major data centre operators in North America (Gogogg, Amazonamz, Microsofts, Facebook) in 2012-2017 will be on top of capital spending.
Over the same period, capital expenditure increased from $1,577 million to $11,778 million for the centre ' s operators (Aribaba, Tents, 100 degrees), up from 49.5 per cent in the five-year period, well above the North American region, with a further acceleration.
According to research, in the first three quarters of 2018, Alibaba’s demand for 100 g light modules grew rapidly, entering the top five client lists of companies, accounting for more than 10% of the company’s revenue. Global 5g construction is moving ahead in an orderly manner, with small-scale delivery of 5g base stations for some telecommunications equipment providers.
In September of this year, the company’s winner, with a 50% share of 25g10km module orders ahead of 5g, officially participated in around 500,000 stations around the world, and the market generally expected delivery of 5g base stations globally in 2019 to reach 500,000-600,000 stations. Operators need to upgrade the light network nodes to meet the 5g demand for network loads.
Embb (enhanced mobile bandwidth), urllc (highly reliable low-delay communication) and mmtc (large-scale machine communications), mainly developed around technology such as bandwidth, time delay, peak speed, network reliability, number of accesses, etc., have several times the carrying requirement for a network load of 4 g.
2.3.1 The construction of the base station and the base station will be in parallel with the construction of the base station and the base station will be greater than the 4g period. At the domestic level alone, there are currently about 3.28 million stations in the country.
This may be 1.2 times as high as 4g and is expected to be 3.94 million; in the 26ghz band and beyond, small base stations will be deployed on a large scale simultaneously, with an estimated total of about 5 million stations. In the 5g construction cycle, the total number of base stations will reach 9 million, or more than 10 million.
The year will be the beginning of 5g, and it is widely believed, from the research of telecom operators, that the operator's capital expenditure will be out of the bottom, and growth is expected to reach double-digit levels, reaching a first investment peak of 370 billion 2.3.2 by 2020, starting with the 25g/100g light module.
The 25g/100g transmission light module is required to support the 5g load requirement. By analysing the 5g load demand, new changes will be made to the current network rack. 1) The bbu, rru two-tier structure of the 4g era will be transformed into the Ran network structure of the cu, du and aau three levels. The distance between aau and du will generally be around 2 km, leading to a 10km forward transmission.
Modules will meet demand. 2) The forward feed interface evolves from cpri to ecpri. To reduce the construction cost of 5g, 3gpp cuts between du and rru and redefines the new interface standard ecpri so that the same spectrum bandwidth and antenna flow of ecpri interfaces are less than 10% of the cpri bandwidth and significantly lowers the cost of the forward transmission of light.
3) mec mobile marginalization calculates sinking and cloudization of the core network. Using mobile grid marginalization calculations to gradually replace original cloud platform technology, localize operations and translate into reality the many high-calculation, low-delayed applications of future intelligent driving, and close distances and low-delayed business interactions.
It also transformed a large number of access rooms in the 4g era into small data centres, and further boosted the need for light modules. Figure 16:5g Evolves the network structure of the pre-light module, which will account for 80% of the entire market for 5g light modules, and the incremental space is opening up.
The demand of the market for the 5g light module is combed and the 25g light module is divided mainly into 300 m and 10 km categories, corresponding to RMB 1. 1) The demand corresponds to 1.8 to 3 million units in 2019, or 2.4 million units in the discount, or about 1.68 million models, or about RMB 840 million; the demand for the 10km is about 720,000 units, or the amount of the demand.
In the region of 720 million yuan: the total demand for two models is in the region of 1.56 billion yuan. 2) There are 3.94 million stations in the country ' s 5g market for the construction of macro-based stations, with approximately 23.6 million pre-requirement modules, and more than 13 billion yuan has been measured for 5g light modules in the interior of the country alone.
Three. The firm's strong and competitive edges highlight Suzhou's creation as a global light module leader, not only of well-lined products, high client structure, but also of a tight market formation, with a number of technology moats. The company has an encapsulation and manufacturing process suited to market demand that can always be used.
Low-cost, high-intensity captures markets: corporate upstream procurement is diversified, delivery is strong enough to guarantee the bargaining power of the supply chain, downstream customers work closely together to always maintain rapid and corresponding demand; autonomous R & D capabilities are a global leader, production lines are highly automated, and the Matthews effect advantages are beginning to emerge.
3.1 A pro-firm market competition pattern revolves around the goal of keeping close to customers, cutting in with leading technology, and service supremacy, with single-model markets becoming the world’s number one in the age of 40g light. Companies led the launch of the 40g light module in 2011 and lead the market after 2012.
40gqsfp+sr4/ir4/lr4/qsfp+er4 series. According to Lightcounting, the market size of the Global Cloud Data Center was $376 million in 2014, with 40g earning RMB500 million, with 22.5% of the city, while the 40gqsfp+simple was the top industry and the global market.
Seize the global digital light module platform from 10 g/40g to 25 g/100g to achieve corporate dominance in the digital domain. 100g light modules were developed early with a large number of competitors, but only Suzhou Xu, aaoi, and finisar were the main players.
As North America’s 100-g light module demand has gradually begun to shift to 400g, the domestic host area’s 100-g demand has just emerged, and Suzhou’s market has opened up.
Light module dominance will be further strengthened, and the market share will increase further in 2018. Chart 18: 100g light module competition Participation in 400g light module standard customization, coupons in hand, leading the new generation of full light module markets forward.
The world’s first producers to supply 400-g light modules in bulk have now received orders from some of the major North American customers, and before that, all 400-g potential competitors were blank, and the market would soon have created a unique situation. In particular, many industry standards in the 400g market are custom-made by the start-up, with subsequent customers imported, delivered, tested.
In 2019, the market is expected to demand 400g light modules at around 400,000, at a single cost of $700-1200, assuming a 30% share of the scavenging, i.e. 120,000, at a discount of $950, and 400g light is expected to generate an additional $800 million in revenue next year.
3.2 Low-cost cob wrapping technology with full coverage cob (chiponboard) covers is an effective way to directly drive the cost of light modules down. In the lumino-mode block product, the cost of osa (light assemblies) is the group cost of light modules, which accounts for the raw material costs of light modules.
The main way to reduce the cost of zerosa is to switch expensive gas seals to low-cost non-gas seals. Cob is a non-gas sealing technology, which is highly automated and suitable for mass production. The process is that the chip or light component is pre-positioned on pcb and then wirebonding, and finally,
Suzhou’s first-ever use of cob seals in the light module area and almost full product line cob seals. A cob package of psm4/cwdm4/lr4 single-moderated modules is widely considered to be difficult in the industry and has been implemented.
It is now fully covered, and in addition to chip encapsulation techniques, it has a number of industry-led processes, including combing, precision coupling, and gold-line keying. Under its own efficient assembly testing process, it is guaranteed that the customer’s needs will be met by production at a lower cost.
By reducing by as much as 17 per cent the United States dollar has fallen to $250, a multi-dimensional approach, ranging from shifting or reducing manufacturing costs, filtering procurement costs across the board, and increasing capacity utilization in combination, has always stabilized the Māori rate at more than 25 per cent.
3.3 Clients co-developed, and the rates have been falling steadily in 2011, with several manufacturers competing at the start of the luminum module. In the 100-g mainstream age of industry competition, the market for luminous modules was almost dominated by aaoi and finisar, and intel was unique.
Silicon light technology, policy subsidy intervention. It is expected that in the future, the 400g light module market will continue to have only four major players in the market race, which will further erode the share of small producers and increase market concentration.
There are three main models of commercial cooperation among the manufacturers: the first is an in-country containment plant for the international light module tap, which is essentially responsible for completing orders from the company itself: the second is to produce only the light reception or launch sub-module, tosa/rosa, which does not have a business relationship with the final data centre client, but has an independent photochip sealing process and
Accumulation of mass-production technology; Accomplishment is the third model in which a domestic light module enterprise develops products in conjunction with a data centre client, and is left to its own light module production line to complete all of the containment of the light module. This model ensures that the company is able to maintain the greatest stickyness with demand-side customers and always leads the market when the data centre light module demands fast-pace.
Rates are running low. Product manipulation is in a virtuous cycle. A combination of company rate data and collection, net profit shows that the product created is more than enough for cost control, pricing strategies, life-cycle control. 2014-2018h1, in the process of falling prices for the 100g light module product in the company ' s main business, and declining Māori rates.
Through a decline in the bottom-down of the rates, sales rates and management rates have been able to stabilize the demand for light modules from customers from 2.31 per cent and 3.4 per cent in 2014, leading steady delivery capacity in the industry. In the early stages of the 100g light module development, a large number of companies in the market claimed large quantities.
Production capacity, but not many manufacturers that eventually achieve normal batch delivery. Since 2011, Xinjiang in Suzhou has accumulated a wealth of production platforms and experience, and in recent years has continued to develop automated production lines, which have greatly improved product availability and consistency, further enhancing the company’s capacity to produce.
With an annual capacity of about 1 million and 40g/100g light module capacity of about 4 million, the company is expected to have the capacity to produce 7.5 million light modules throughout the year, which would almost satisfy the full needs of two or more data centre operators at the top of the globe for one year, with 490 million fully operational at the end of September of the year.
In October 2017, Antxuan signed an agreement with the Municipality of Copper Mahal to develop a new light module production project in the Copper Mahal Economic Technology Development Area, which is expected to invest a total of $650 million over a three-year construction period, with a proposed purchase of approximately 180 acres of land and a phased expansion of plant buildings, office buildings and ancillary facilities.
The labour costs will be only 60 to 70% of Suzhou’s capacity, and it has begun to be released gradually. This is enough for the company to accelerate the pace of building a domestic data centre while the 100g light module product is not becoming more competitive.
Large-scale delivery capacity is expected to result in the full import of 400g light modules by high-end North American customers in 2020 to replace the current 25g light module market, which has already won a 5g order. The domestic data centre is still heavily invested, and it is expected that the ticket of entry will be available, with 400g light modules in the first half of 2019. The company, as the first global user, has received 400g.
A light-module manufacturer of tickets has been handed over on a small scale to large North American clients, and it is expected that high-end North American customers will be fully cut to 400g products by 2020. At the same time, companies are actively coordinating the conversion of 400g production lines, and with the gradual resolution of the issue of good rates and assembly, it is expected that large-scale production capacity will be available by the end of 2018 and, more importantly, in the first half of the year 2019.
There is only one manufacturer with a large-scale delivery of 400g light modules. The market demand for 400g light module products is estimated to be 500,000 during 2019, with a combined Māori ratio of around 35% and a unit price range of $700-1200.
The construction of 4.25g will lead to incremental growth in 2019, leading telecommunication equipment manufacturers such as Hua, Ericsson and others, and the start of small-scale production at 5g base stations in 2018, where China is expected to deliver around 40,000 stations in 2018.
Pre-light module orders, which account for 50% of the total number of orders, have been successfully added to the 5g base station main light module supplier sequence. As the 5g deployment node approaches, the global 5g base station is expected to arrive at 50-600,000 stations in 2019. 4.3 domestic data centre construction has not slowed down.
At the beginning of the construction of the domestic data centre, the 100-g light module chain of orders continues to grow. Among North American clients, facebook will expand the data centre by 2019, with a total purchase estimated at around RMB 3 billion.
Ali is expected to purchase more than RMB 800 million from the company’s light-model block next year. Figure 30: Share of the public cloud market in the country in 2017
Figure 29: The size of the domestic public cloud market (Billions of yuan) 4.4 Silicon Light is not a real threat in the short term, and firm acceleration of R & D does not have a real impact on companies in terms of current market competition patterns and company fundamentals.
The 100-g light module product ring ratio continues to rise, and the Māori rate has not declined, and there is no measurable production of silicon light in the telecom light market within 100 m and above.
2) The vast majority of large clients do not seem to accept silicon light programmes, such as Google, which, at this stage, still rejects silicon light completely: Amazon and Facebook accept silicon light programmes only partially, or the scale of the trial steps. 3) In terms of the price of silicon light, there are many uncertainties in the delivery of the order.
The company itself is also accelerating the development of silicon light. Given the global 100g-light market pattern, the company skips the 100g silicon-light programme directly, thus importing the 400g silicon-light programme into the layout.
A team of dozens of people is accelerating their research and development, having successfully carried out a stream in 2018, and a second one in 2019. At the same time, because of problems with the nature of the silicon light programme, the company will wait until intel has tested water for 400 g silicon light products, but the inel is not yet fully developed.
The 400g silicon light product is tested by the client. 4.5 The original intermedian equipment appliance appliance has a balance of payments, while the former listed company has a steady balance of payments and a basic balance of payments.
R & D, design, manufacture, marketing and services are the few suppliers in the country that can provide customers with a set of tailor-made manufactures, and the main products are classified into single processors, multi-processors, semi-automatic production lines and automatic production lines, depending on the degree of automation and the number of workables, and the products are mainly for automobile power, industrial power, household appliances.
The business’s combined Mäori rate of about 30% has been able to achieve a balance of payments or a small profit in recent years. The light module area is a high-tech, high-growth area, where companies’ competitive strategies are analysed, and the Porter Competitiveness Analysis Model is used for five-dimensional analysis.
Figure 32: Port competitiveness model analysis, industry profile in 100g light module area finalized; entrants
The 400g light module has an unknown threat of silicon light.
Chips, components and modules aaoi and finisar are all areas of full competition and are optional
The next generation of 400-g products is the first global product to be selected by a large number of suppliers, companies are in the business, and downstream clients have a strong bargaining power.
The 400g light module has silicon light products and there is an alternative possibility. Currently, the 100g light module market pattern is in place, and only aaoi and finisar are in a position to challenge companies;
A generation of 400 g light modules has the potential to be challenged by an intel silicon product. By doing so, the largest cost advantage created is 1. Companies rely on China’s interior and have a lower labour cost advantage among their peers; companies create cob wrappings with full coverage, producing cost advantages that are industry-wide leading; and the main raw materials of the product are fully competitive in the market.
Accompanied products, with a single supplier having little bargaining power over the company. 2. Client advantage. The company, starting in the area of bridging modules, is the top data centre operator in the world, and does not lose any single large customer because of product rotations, but rather because the product is upgraded and entering more and more.
3. Technology advantages. The company is the world ' s first large-scale delivery capacity with 400g module products and is involved in the customization of 400g module technical standards, regardless of resource allocation, technology R & D, and patents.
China is the largest single market. China is one of the largest digital and telecommunications markets in the world.
For example, 5g, domestic data-building may give priority to corporate products, and the government will be based on a larger policy, high-speed light module operation, divided mainly into 10g, 25g, 40g, 100g, and 400g products. 25g products are divided into digital and telecommunications markets.
The telecommunications market company focused mainly on the forward link, based on the fact that in 2018 it had started to supply small-scale Chinese up to 10,000 prelighting modules, requiring about 3 million m models with a demand of around RMB 840 million; about 720,000 units with a demand of around RMB 720 million; and two models with a total demand of RMB 720 million.
The construction of the domestic data centre continued unabated, with a projected large-scale delivery of 400g products in 2019 and in 2020. Markets for 2019 are generally expected to be good.
The demand for 400g light modules is 500,000, taking into account the fact that in the first half of 2019, only one manufacturer with the ability to deliver was destroyed. Assuming a 40% share of the market, the corresponding increase was about 1.2 billion and the Māori rate was around 35%. 5. The business of inter- and inter-listed companies has stabilized in recent years at around 140 million per year.
This is a modest increase and a basic balance of payments. Contributions are expected to be $145 million in 2018, $150 million in 2019, and 6. Based on the downward trend in company rates in recent years, especially in 2018, when 400g was invested at its highest level.