Investment rating: Increase (first time) Mid-Zone (30038), key data (completed as at 13 November):
• High-speed light module pioneers of 400g and 5g wireless modules continue to maintain high growth rates. In the first three quarters of 2018, companies achieved $4,202 million in operating income, resulting in a net profit of $481 million for their mothers; in the third quarter, they achieved a single-season revenue.
In the second half of 2017, Suzhou started with a combined income of 2,208 million yuan and recorded a net profit of 314 million yuan, both significantly higher than Suzhou ' s annual income of 1,958 million yuan in 2016.
Millions of dollars, with net profits of $362 million, have continued to grow faster. There has been a slight decline in Sioux's Māori rate in recent years, mainly related to a decline in the price of 100 g products; net corporate interest rates have been largely stable, with a slight increase in the demand for light modules in the wireless field, and data communications has become a light module.
Key growth points in the market. Basic ftth construction has been completed in our mainland region, ftth construction has shifted from large-scale deployment to stabilization, and the main drivers of future demand for light modules will in the future be the wireless (driven by 5g) and data centre areas.
In the light module market structure, the demand for fttx will decline significantly, from 38 per cent in 2017 to 23 per cent in 2023, and the demand for the light module in the field will increase from 11 per cent to 18 per cent, in the area of Ethernet (mainly the data centre)
Li Chi Wei has been increasing the speed of the luminous module, with 100g products being mainstreamed, and 400g moving to commercial landings.
The total demand for the Ethernet module reached $2 billion in 2022, accounting for 30% of the global demand for the Ethernet module. In the short term, the 100g module is still a front-loader of 400g and 5g wireless module markets for the Icp procurement module.
In the first half of 2018, the company released a " Non-Public Shares Scheme " , which is intended to raise no more than the amount to be raised.
1.7 billion yuan, after deducting the cost of distribution, for the 400g light communication module development and production project, the Great Wall Swe Insurance Company Ltd. Light Module Industrial Park project and replenishment of liquidity and repayment of bank loans.
Research and development capabilities and production capacity will be further enhanced and, given the strong targeting and forward-looking nature of corporate projects, project advancement is expected to help powerful companies take advantage of the 400g light module for use in the digital field and the 5g wireless module market.
At the top, with a strong R & D presence, 400g products have been brought into the capital through asset restructuring, and the market has enabled Suzhou to gain significant financial support, with further energy on 400g and 5g light modules, and the company is expected to continue its current market niche in the future, so we think the company will continue to do so in the future.
For the first time, the value of the new product has been overtaken by the expected risks; the domestic data centre has not advanced the expected risks; and the main business has grown rapidly with the reorganization of the trade wind1 assets.
In July 2017, the company acquired 100% of its share in Sioux, and in December 2008, it focused on the development and manufacture of high-end communications modules.
In November of that year, it was registered. The shareholders in the company were Shandong Inter-Investment Holdings Ltd., which held 20.90% of the company's shares, the middle-Investment Holdings, which were controlled by the company's chairman, Weishu Wang, who also held 4.42% of the company's shares directly and 1.07% of the company through Shanghai Small Village Asset Management Ltd.
Mr. Liu Xiaodong, the director and general manager of the company, holds 18.08% of the company’s shares.
Suzhou Xinjiang began its work on 3 July 2017. At present, the company’s income can be divided into two components: high-end optical communication modules and specialized equipment for electrical, industrial and mechanical equipment, all of which are derived from the subsidiary Su Xinjiang. The high-end light communication module was the company’s main business income of $4,202 million in the first three quarters of 2018, with a net profit of $481 million; and third quarter operating income of one quarter.
13.77 billion yuan, or 28.85 per cent more than the previous year, resulting in a net profit of 164 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 34.52 per cent compared to the previous year. Xuzhou, which had recorded an income of 2,208 million in 2017 and a net profit of 314 million yuan, both significantly higher than Suzhou ' s income of 1,958 million yuan and a profit of 230 million yuan for the whole of 2016, saw a marked increase in income and profits, with growth of 55.96 per cent in 2015 and 2016 respectively.
362 million yuan. In recent years, Suzhou has experienced a slight decline in the Māori rate, mainly associated with a decline in the Māori rate for 100 g products; net corporate interest rates have been largely stable; 25g has developed to drive demand for light modules in the telecommunications market, and there are promising applications in the area of data communications.
The light module is used mainly in telecommunications and data centres, and applications in areas such as security surveillance, radio and television, and smart power grids are gradually being promoted.
In the area of telecommunications, the optical communication system has been widely applied to backbone networks, urban area networks, and access networks (including fttx and wireless access) and, in the field of telecommunications, the light module is usually more demanding for transmission distance. In the data centre, the light module is mainly used for interconnection between the data centre internal servers, storage equipment, and the light module used for the data centre requires speed of transmission, but relatively short distances.
Table 1: Main categories of light modules 2.1 fibre-optic in-houses gradually entering a stabilization upgrade phase, 5g development-driven demand for light modules in the telecommunications market with a flow of 187.39eb/month, cagr 23 per cent, mobile flow 48.27eb/month, cagr 46 per cent.
The projections for each part of the ip flow are higher than those for 2016. Figure 7: Global ip traffic and its projections for 2015-2021, according to data released by the Ministry of Information and Communications, at the end of June 2018, the total number of users of fixed Internet broadband access in the country was 378 million, a net increase in the first half of the year
Of the 2,974 million households, the total number of fibre-optic (ftth/o) users reached 328 million, or 86.8 per cent of the total number of fixed Internet broadband users.
In the case of provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government), as at the end of August 2018, fibre-optic access in all provinces except Jiangsu and Jiangxi had exceeded 80 per cent; in the case of fixed broadband household coverage, Jiangsu had the highest penetration rate of 114.5 per cent in the second quarter of 2018.
More than 100 per cent means that some users have multiple addresses, with coverage in nine provinces below 70 per cent (11 in 2018q1); and in the second quarter of 2018, 162.30 per cent of mobile broadband households were reached in Beijing, with 9 provinces below 80 per cent (13 in q1) and 13 provinces below 85 per cent (18 in q1).
The development of access rates, fixed broadband household penetration rates, etc., has been uneven across regions, and the development of communications infrastructure in the central and western regions is expected to drive fibre-optics. Figure 8: Share of users of fixed broadband users in the provinces (Autonomous Communities, municipalities directly under central authority) in fibre-optic access (ftth/o) (as at the end of August 2018) is currently actively advancing the development and improvement of 5g standards, with three major operators in the country issuing 5g schedules.
The third phase of the technology R & D experiment is already well under way and is expected to achieve 5g commercial by 2020. Development of 5g will lead to an increase in bandwidth demand and to a new wave of investment in communications infrastructure, which will be an important driver of growth in the light module market.
The 5g network is more flexible than the 4g, and according to China Telecom's White Paper on Light Transfer Network Technologies of the 5g Age, in the 5g era, the nuclear heart network will sink from the provincial network down to the urban area network, and the original pc (evolent cluster core network) will be split into two parts: newcore and mec (mobile edge calculation). On the ran (radioaccessnetwork, wireless access), the 4g bbu (buildingbasebandunit, indoor Kiki)
The processing module will be split into cu (centralized unit) and du (distributed unit), where cu focuses on non-real-time information, du focuses on time-sensitive bottom information, one c can connect to multiple dus, and du and cu (or rru/aau, rru with antenna) can be deployed separately or centrally.
Under the 5g network structure, there is or is likely to be a need for connectivity between newcore and mec, between mec, cu and mec, between cu and du, du and rru/aau, which does not exist in the 4g network structure, and the connectivity of the individual units is available via fibre-optics, so that the 5g demand for light modules will increase considerably.
The data transfer rate of 5g is more than double the rate of 4g compared to the technology of 4g, and 5g will result in greater demand for light modules, not only in volume, but also in higher average prices, mainly because the light module rate will shift from 6g during the 4g period, from 10g to 25g, and from 50g to 50g, and the return network will deploy 200g and 400g high-speed light modules, which will lead to a huge incremental market.
China's mobile, basic ftth construction has been completed in our mainland region, the ftth construction has shifted from large-scale deployment to a steady upgrade, and the main drivers of future demand for light modules will be in the areas of wireless (driven by 5g) and data centres.
The size of the field (including active fibre cables) will increase from $1.6 billion in 2017 to $3.5 billion in 2023, and capr to 13.9 per cent in 2023. In light module market structure, the demand for light modules in ftx will decline significantly, from 38 per cent in 2017 to 23 per cent in 2023. No, in the telecommunications market, the global purchase of light communications equipment in 2017 on the fttx and wireless access market is projected to be approximately 100 million.
The sales revenue for the corresponding light module/lightware was $1.3 billion, a decline of 22 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the upgrade of the ltex network in most countries, which was completed, and the disruption of the fttx drive in China. Lightcounting projected global luminous module/lightware sales revenue for 2018-2022, with cagr projected to be about 12 per cent, with growth in 2018 benefiting mainly from an acceleration of the fttx in China, and growth in 2019-2022, mainly from the 5g network.
2.2 The area of data communications is an important growth point in the light module market, with global data centre ip flow estimated at 6.82zb/year in 2016, projected to reach 20.56zb/year by 2021, and cosco predicting that global superdata centres will grow from 338 in 2016 to 628 in 2020, with the number of servers in superdata centres accounting for 628 by 2020
The share of all data centre servers will increase from 27 per cent to 53 per cent, and with the emergence of technologies such as virtualization and cloud computing, large data centres will gradually dominate, and the network structure of data centres will evolve from the traditional three-storey to the leaf-top network.
The traditional three-layer network consists of the bottom access layer, the middle confluence layer and the upper core layer, where the access layer provides workstation access to the local network to provide connectivity to the server; the confluence layer provides connections between the access layer, the access layer and the core layer; the core layer provides a high-absorption connection between the confluence layer and the backbone net at the same time (the core layer can be merged with the convection layer).
The top-up structure applies to data transfer (vertical transmission) between data centres and the outside, but is not conducive to data transfer (horizontal transmission) within data centres and requires multiple network devices for inter-organic transfers, resulting in greater delay and even blocking of data transmission.
The spinal network is a two-storey structure, including the spinal switch (spine) and the leaf switch (leaf), where the data centre connection to the outside can be achieved through the (marginal) spinal switch or the (marginal) leaf switch. Under this structure, each spinal switch is connected to each leaf switch. In contrast to the traditional structure, the spinal network expands the access layer and the confluence layer, the number of connections between the mainframe is significantly increased, and data transmissions are effective.
The number of spinal switches, leaf switches, is related to the number of interfaces in the leaf ridge network, and the need to meet the demand for a consolidation ratio (the value of the lower- and upper-link bandwidth of the switch, which the data centre normally requires to be no more than 3:1) can be obtained from the following formulas:
Number of spinal switches = number of upper-link ports for the leaf exchange = number of lower-link ports for the spinal switch = number of lower-link ports for the leaf exchange × number of leaf switches = number of lower-link ports for the leaf exchange
Links between the core and convection layers, the confluence and access layers of the traditional structure, and between the spinal switch and the leaf switch under the spinal ridge structure, need to be made through fibre-optics. Using the foliage structure, the number of network equipment needed to connect the same number of servers (if the server is identical) is much higher, while each spinal switch and each leaf switch are required to be connected (the traditional structure does not require each access layer switch).
The demand for the light module will increase exponentially (on the basis of the traditional three-storey network structure in figure 19, bones, backbone and condensed layer connections require a light module 2*6=12, assembly and access layer connections require a light module 3*2*4=24, for a total of 36 pairs of light modules; if, in accordance with the ridge structure, six ridge switches and 12 leaf switches are used to maintain comparability, the connection requires a light model
Figure 20: Typical leaf spinning network structure, based on a report released by Lightning at the end of October 2017, projected global revenue from the sale of light modules/lightware in 2017 and 2016
On average, the cloud-based market continued to grow, and the telecommunications market declined, mainly as a result of a marked decline in Chinese market demand, with China and China building up larger stocks in 2016. In that report, Lightcounting projected sales revenue of approximately $6.2 billion in 2017, an increase of 3 per cent compared to the same year, with the growth of the e-Team module expected to reach 17 per cent. In its October 2016 report, Lightcounting projected a growth rate of 2017-
In 2021, the global telecommunications market generated about 10% of cagr from the sale of light modules/lightware, while in 2017-2021 the global cloud computing centre generated an average increase of about 20% in the sale of light modules/lightware, which grew much faster in the cloud computing centre market than in the telecommunications market. Capital spending by the global major network content service provider (icp) grew rapidly, and lightcounting data show that in the third quarter of 2017, Ali,
The investments of Baba, Facebook, Google in infrastructure grew by 142 per cent, 62 per cent and 39 per cent, respectively, and Facebook also revealed that its capital expenditure in 2018 was about twice as high as in 2017.
According to ethernetalliance and ieee, the current single-channel sfp light module rate has reached 50g, the light module rate has reached 400g in a multi-channel way, and the single-channel 100gsfp light module is being developed.ee has published a first draft of 400g in 2015 and has since initiated standardization work such as 400gb/s light modules and devices, while at the same time in 2016-2016-
The 400g standard was officially released in 2017. Photo and electronic integration, adc/dsp technology will be the key to 400g light communication modules and system commercialization. In the next 2-3 years, as technology matures and the relevant standards are discussed and developed, the 400g system is about to be opened.
In the short term, the 100g light module remains the main type of Icp purchasing the light module, which is expected to focus on high-end modules in the left by 2020.
3.1 Product speeds are above 10g and 400g products have been sampled to clients
Clients in areas such as wireless networks provide high-value photo-communication module solutions. The company’s products are all above 10g and consist mainly of 10gsfp+, 25gsfp28, 4gqsfp+, 100gqsfp28, 100gsinglelambda, 400gosfp, 400gqsfp-dd, among others.
In contrast, 40g/100g products grew significantly, reaching 88.91% of light module income in 2017, reaching $1.963 billion, exceeding Suzhou’s income of 40g/100g products in 2016. In the first half of 2018, Suzhou offered samples of 400g products to key North American clients and obtained their approval and certification.
With its leading edge in the development of 400g products globally, Suzhou is expected to become a new profit-generating growth point by 2019. In addition, Suzhou continues to work with domestic and international communications masters on the 5g wireless module to optimize and upgrade the performance and reliability of 5g wireless products on a continuous basis, in line with client requirements, and to prepare for participation in the 5g network pilot business and overall construction.
According to the performance compensation agreement, the performance commitment for Xuzhou for 2016-2018 was no less than 173 million yuan, 216 million yuan and $279 million, respectively, and the company announcement indicated that Xuzhou for 2016 and 589 million yuan, respectively, had fulfilled the performance commitment and that the cumulative net profit for two years (US$ 825 million) had exceeded the sum of the promised net profit for the three-year performance compensation period (US$ 668 million).
Suzhou has traditionally focused on R & D inputs and technological innovation, constantly keeping its products technologically ahead of the curve through technological innovation, thus increasing the firm's core competitiveness and maintaining the industry's competitive edge.
In the second half of 2017, which accounted for 5.51% of the revenue generated by the current period, Suzhou accounted for 7.48%, 8.80%, 7.57% of income from R & D in 2014-2016, taking into account that H & D chips (lasers, detectors, etc.) were not used in the production of light communication chips, the share of R & D inputs by companies was higher as a result of years of sustained technological input and innovation.
In 2017, eight domestic patents were granted (all invention patents), two United States patents (all invention patents); in the first half of 2018, four domestic patents were granted (three invention patents), and three United States patents (all invention patents); by the end of June 2018, a total of 69 authorized patents were granted, of which 44 were inventions.
The core technical staff of Xujiang, Suzhou, including General Manager Liu, Chief Technical Officer Lee Weilong, Deputy General Manager of R & D Wang Xiang Trung, Deputy General Director of Product Management Ri Dinghai, and Deputy General Director of Engineering Xiaohong, among whom Liu, Tinhai, and Schgau Hung, were all graduates.
He has had many years of work and management experience in well-known national and international universities and in well-known PV companies, and is currently the Deputy Director-General of Science and Technology in Xujiang, Suzhou. 3.3 Production and R & D capabilities are being promoted in public.
At the end of June, both projects had completed their investments and generated a partial return, which is expected to reach the expected operational status by the second half of 2019. With the completion of the light module R & D and the production line construction project, 3 million new annual production units will be added; and with the completion of the automated production line adaptation project, 2.3 million new annual production and distribution modules will be added.
During the first half of 2018, the company released a " Non-Public Shares Scheme " , intended to raise no more than $1.7 billion for 400g light communication module R & D production project, installation of the Ember copper masonry industrial park and replenishment of liquid funds, and repayment of bank loans. Through fund-raising, the company will further enhance its research and development capacity, and project advancement is expected to be helpful, given the firm ' s more targeted and forward-looking projects.
Robust use of 400g light modules in a variety of fields and 5g wireless module market preludes. 400g light communication module R & D production project The development and manufacture of this project is in the direction of a high-capacity, miniscule, low-capacity, low-cost 400g high-speed light communication module.
The company will form the research and development capacity of a 450 000 400g annual communications module. 2) The project for the construction of a copper masonry module industrial park is based on the company's judgement of future trends and technological updates in the light communication industry, as well as product development
Further extension and enrichment of existing products, building on existing high-speed optical communication modules such as 10g/25g/40g/100g, will further expand the production capacity of 100 g light communication module products to meet the growing demand for 100g light communication module products from downstream customers, while developing, designing and manufacturing 5g wireless communications module products. When the project reaches production, the company will develop the capacity to produce 1.6 million 100 g per year of communication modules
In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decrease in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Watch: Industry goes beyond overall market performance;