Business and Industry Bank (601398): A significant improvement in non-interest-bearing income and stable asset quality is attributed to the parent company’s average shareholder net profit of $269.908 billion (+0.33%, yoy). At the end of the third quarter, corporate government finance drove investment-type assets to grow faster; demand affected loans to slow down.
\triangleright, influenced by slower demand, hidden debt swaps, counter-introduction policies, has seen a slightly weaker growth in general lending than in recent years, but slightly better than last year's.
This year, the silver industry’s “open-door” credit was over-expected, and the credit base grew steadily during the year. In a context of weak banking demand, business bank lending grew faster than industry, reflecting its client base advantage.
The pace of government debt is slowing down, and business bank assets are rising at a downward pressure with the industry. The new 50 billion dollar policy tool has now been fully invested as project capital, and the project cycle is expected to continue to peddle bank credit growth, and the industry is expected to benefit more from its client advantage. In terms of financial investment, driven by government financing, the business bank debt is now fully available.
For other assets, the purchase of re-saled assets (reverse buy-back operations) has shrunk significantly after a significant increase in q2, leading to a sharp decline in total assets, mainly as a result of a combination of changes in corporate capital and a reduction in market entry. For deposits, a steady increase in m2, a reduction in the periodicization of deposits, growth in business bank deposits, and a favourable position in terms of structure.
Under the liability end buffer, the pressure of the difference is smoother. The q3 one-quarter difference is measured at 1.24%, the ring ratio is down by about 3bps, \triangleright reflects a flattening of the pressure of the difference; the one-quarter difference is down by 19bps on the same year, with an increase of q2 over the same period, mainly due to the fact that the decline is positive.
A one-time decrease in the cost of deposits after the annual manual recovery of interest differentials, resulting in a low base of q3, resulting in a narrow liability end-to-end, stable asset quality - corporate summary
The interest rate is still much lower in the same year, partly because of lpr, stock, housing loan interest rates are higher, and partly because the bond portfolio has been raised by the weight of government debt issued in recent years and interest rates have fallen. The rate of interest payments has been measured at 1.46%, and the ring has dropped by about 9bps, down by the same year.
Business and Industry Bank (601398): Low interest differential pressure due to the lower base factor described earlier. Looking to the city, the drop in lpr in the previous period and the lower asset share of the higher returns still put pressure on the end of the asset, but the interest rate of the capital fell to a low level and the deposit periodicization eased the risk of buffering asset end pressure.
Increased downward pressure on assets, or triggering a new round of interest cuts, has had a neutral impact on interest differentials. Step-by-step repairs, the main drivers of which are, on the one hand, a marked rise in public finance operations and a easing of settlement and investment bank charges; and, on the other hand, a gradual dilution of the impact of the change in management rates on fees and commission revenue at this stage; and, on the other hand, July
Market activity has continued to rise, and revenues from wealth management operations have been repaired. In the case of weak debt markets, corporate investment + fair value changes have grown faster, reflecting firm business styles.
At the end of September, the rate of non-performing loans was 1.33%, with a flat ring ratio, which has remained at its lowest level in recent years. Since 2024, the upward trend in the risk of individual bank loans has been more pronounced, reflecting rising income and employment pressures on the population, and the quality of the sector’s loans is consistent with industry trends.
On the public side, the overall asset quality of such industries as manufacturing, leasing and commercial services, and real estate continues to improve steadily. Taken together, one loan disturbance still exists, but the whole is influenced by positive factors such as good quality of public assets and poor handling.
Quality of assets is expected to remain stable. Profit forecasting and investment proposal: q3, interest expenditure is lower by the same year than expected owing to a narrow lower base, resulting in lower-than-expected net interest income.
All are better than expected. Moreover, the tax base has been extended to a significantly higher real tax rate on income tax than during the same period last year, with some impact on profits. 1) The firm ' s client base is good and diversified, and is expected to remain sound in a business environment of rising pressure; 2) the Ministry of Finance ' s investment in the State-owned industry will boost market confidence in the State-owned industry; 3) the company ' s dividends are stable and interest rates are higher, and they are protected.
Long-line funds such as insurance, social security funds, passive funds, etc. are more attractive, and we maintain an “upscaling” rating. Rates go down sharply to squeeze firm net interest differentials.
Figure 2 Size and acceleration of BBN lending, Figure 3 Size and pace of BBN financial investment, Figure 4 Size of additional BBN q3 loans in billions of yuan in calendar year
Figure 5 Size and rate of increase of business bank deposits, Figure 6 Structure of business bank deposits, Figure 7 Single-quarter net interest differentials and changes in year-on-year ratios for business banks
Figure 820251H1 Business Bank charges and commission revenue and the same rate increase in the left axis units: billions of yuan. Figure 9 Business Bank Bad Rates, Concerns and Overdue Rates. Figure 10 Business Bank Poor Rates of Loans
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific proposals or views expressed in this report and the findings of the study, which are presented in an independent and objective manner, using data on legal compliance by business and industry banks on the non-performing rates of public loans.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.