Deep Farming is a world of excellence, where the clinical poles have opened up a new investment logic of 17/06/2022: the company is a national clinical cologne, and 1) the company is a local municipality in 2019.
Effectiveness, 32 per cent of clinical pilot projects, significant increase in overseas operations; 3) good operational layout for clinical trials, beginning to meet performance deadlines; 4) in-country approval system for new drug reviews in line with international convergence, double number of ind applications and registrations for clinical trials and continuous expansion of clinical cro.
The company is the home-grown platform-cro leader: it was the first group of clinical cro established in the country, with full coverage of the country’s priority cities and multi-area coverage abroad, with a clear branding advantage and a leadership effect. The company collected $5,214 million in 2021, a year-on-year increase.
▪ Increased domestic demand for research and development of innovative medicines, contributing to the high-profile development of the clinical coro industry: 20,109 drugs in research pipelines globally in January 2022, an increase of 8.22 per cent compared to the previous year; the global coro market is projected to be $80.1 billion in 2022 and 9.48 per cent in 2022 and 2022-2024cagr; and the domestic coro
Markets have benefited from innovative drug policy support and the international alignment of drug review and approval systems with a higher rate of growth than the global, with the domestic market projected at $13 billion in 2022 and 3,358 clinical trials in 2022-2024cagr, an increase of 29.05 per cent over the same period.
▪ The number of clinical trial tubes for drugs is growing rapidly, and overseas operations are expanding in a promising way: company-owned clinical trial technical services received 57.42 per cent of the total in 2021 and operating income, Teg Medicine (300347); non-recurrent losses
2994 million yuan, an increase of 97.10 per cent in the same year, 567 clinical trials at the end of 2021, changes in accounting standards, net profit after deduction, 53.5 per cent increase in the same year, and the company ' s performance is consistent
▪ Clinical trial-related business layouts are improving and are in a performance realization period: through endogenous growth and external M&As, corporate business systems are comprehensive, laboratory services, numeric operations, smo, etc. are already available in Teg Medicine (300347);
On a larger scale, the revenues from clinical trials and laboratory service operations in 2021 amounted to 2,194 million yuan, with sustained high growth and company performance in line with pro-profit forecasts and investment ratings: the company was the lead in the country's clinical coro industry, with a high industry profile.
Billion dollars; net profit from mother-to-child return is $3.417 billion, $4.043 billion and $4.691 billion, respectively; current shareholdings 1. Deep-deep-farming, global-excellent platform-cro leader 1.1. Clinical cro lead by track, focusing on the provision of a full process of clinical trials for new drug research and development
After 18 years of development, the company was developed from the original Hangzhou, Shanghai, Beijing, Chongqing, and Guangzhou service points to a full-scale clinical study of the current priority cities.
Services network. As of 31 December 2021, the company, in collaboration with more than 1,200 clinical laboratories in China, had supported 52.9 per cent of the country ' s approved [inventive drug research and development] between 2016 and 2021; related operations were carried out in Asia and the Pacific, North America, Europe, Latin America and Africa, with professional teams in more than 50 countries abroad.
The company focused on providing integrated clinical research services for pharmaceutical and medical equipment innovation enterprises, while focusing on the main business while expanding the scope and depth of its operations. During the period 2004-2021, the network of services in the country continued to be set up, increasing its capacity to cover its operations and establishing branches abroad.
In 2009, the company acquired Mesta, increased the clinical pilot data management and statistical analysis business module while expanding this part of the overseas business, and further strengthened the overseas data management and statistical analysis business capacity with the United States acquisition of bdm in 2013, with the establishment of Caring Tag in 2010 to cover the country.
Data management statistical analysis operations; Hangzhou Simmer was established in 2011 to expand field management operations for clinical trials; Hangzhou, Hangzhou, Tyrann, Tagjitan was established in 2013 to cover clinical trial medical images, clinical trial risk management and quality management, drug alert/drug safety services; and companies acquired Fonda Medicine, Beijing Conlivever and China in 2014
Shanghai Jomtun, new service capabilities such as bioanalysis, cmc services, gmp certification services, cold-chain transportation: same year, Lica Hendish, providing a system of electronic information services for clinical trials; development; company acquisition of Korea's larger model clinical code in 2015, Dreamcis, perfect Asia-Pacific layout, acquisition of Northern medical philanthropology and enhancement of academic clinical research in the same year
Capacity; Shanghai Vision 2016 to strengthen the laboratory detection and bioanalysis capabilities of the Centre; Tetun Teri, Thailand, 2017 to strengthen the clinical research services of medical devices; Beijing Yashin and Shanghai, 2020 to combine ideas to enhance the capacity of medical translation and clinical pharmacology services, respectively; Beijing excellence, 2021 to expand the capacity of the Internet pharmaceutical function
Power. Corporate business is well covered through years of endogenous development and extended M&As, and an integrated clinical trial platform helps to improve corporate overall competitiveness and to protect and protect business expansion. Figure 2: Corporate development journeys
The company has also made great progress with the development of the integration platform, which covers the clinical operations of ind applications and registration, i, ii, iii and listing applications and post-market research, regulatory matters, data management and statistical analysis, drug alerts, third-party laboratories, etc.
There is a wealth of experience in the corporate management sector, with multi-share incentives to fully motivate staff.
In this complex environment, the success rate and speed of the development of new medicines affect the marketing and commercialization of products awaiting development, which makes clinical coro companies with extensive research and development project experience, sound quality management systems, a professional workforce and a comprehensive knowledge base of drug regulations and regulatory policies more attractive to clients.
The company’s management has many years of practice in the industry, of which the co-founders, Dr. Ye Xiaoping and Ms. Cao Xiaochun, are pioneers in the Chinese clinical industry, with a wealth of professional expertise and leadership to support the company’s long-term development.
Each year, companies report 100% retention rate of top ten clients in their earnings and provide services to many clients for at least five years. Multiple rounds of equity incentives motivate employees to drive performance growth.
Shareholding and h-share value-added schemes continue to provide impetus for the future growth of company performance. 1.3. Deep-farming clinical coro has been a leading industry for many years.
By income scale, the company ranked first in the country in 2019, with 8.4 per cent in the city; The company ' s global clinical problem in 2019, with 0.8 per cent in the company, figure 8: The global clinical problem in 2019, with the top 10 companies in the company.
Figure 7: Global clinical market occupancy in 2019 Corporate operations are expanding and performance is growing at a high rate over the years. Since its inception, corporate performance income has grown at a high rate over the years as the company’s service grid has been well-developed and expanded.
Expansion of business profiles through foreign investment and acquisitions, high growth of operating income, stable growth of non-repatriated net profits within reasonable zones; 2018 to date, phase III, period of market expansion following the construction of business capacity and business profiles, income from operations and deductions from investment earnings and other non-current financial assets that are fair for the duration of holding and disposal of the company's other non-current financial assets
The company’s operating income was 1.818 billion yuan, an increase of 101.55 per cent in the same year; the net profit on maternity was 518 million yuan, an increase of 13.82 per cent in the same year; the net profit on non-mortality was 378 million yuan, an increase of 65.31 per cent in the same year.
The annual Māori sales rate is 43.55%, the net interest rate after deduction is 23.62%, and the weighted roe is 16.75%, all of which are at a higher level and are in a leading position among comparable companies.
The company is in a period of rapid market expansion, with a growing staff size. There is a high demand for professionals because the clinical cro is a service industry. Since the company landed on the business start-up board in 2012, the company has experienced rapid expansion in 2013-2017 and market expansion from 2018 to the present, with a total of 692 employees in 2012.
Unsatisfied demand for medicines has driven the surge in pharmaceutical research and development to the clinical core industry 2.1. The growth of demand for medicines has provided a long-term impetus for the development of the health sector 2.1. The growth of demand for medicines has driven the entire health sector to move forward.
(cms) Over the years, spending on health care in the United States remained at over 2.5% per year between 1990 and 2020, having been affected by the new crown epidemic at a rate of 9.71% in 2020, with total health-care expenditure of $4,124 trillion. Health-care spending in China has grown rapidly over the past two decades, from 25.67% in 1990-2020.
China’s health spending has grown rapidly with the growth of gdp per capita, the growth of the elderly population and the higher pursuit of healthy lives. The country’s total health expenditure rose from 75 billion yuan in 1990 to 72,000 billion yuan in 2020, with a capr of 25.67 per cent and a total health expenditure of 2.17 per cent of gdp in 2020; and personal health expenditure.
The cost also increased from $27 billion in 1990 to $2 trillion in 2020, or 24.07% for cagr. As the cost of medicine continues to grow, the associated upstream and downstream industries will also grow considerably.
Global spending on pharmaceutical research and development has increased steadily, large-scale pharmaceutical firms have invested more in pharmaceutical research and development, and medical research and development has opened up more opportunities for outsourcing of research and development. According to valluatepharma data, global spending on pharmaceutical research and development has increased further, with global spending on research and development projected at US$8.8 billion in 2020 and is expected to rise to US$254 billion by 2026.
The amount of drugs in the pipeline supports the future growth of the coro. The number of drugs in the pipeline is relatively larger globally.
Robust growth, which continued at a faster rate during the new 2020-2021 epidemic. According to pharmaprojects, 20,109 drugs were available worldwide in 2022 (as of January), an increase of 8.22% over the same period, with a large stockpile of 11,351 preclinic drugs, representing about 56% of the total, early clinical (i and I)
There are 5869 or about 29% of the total. As the number of RDL drugs increases further and pre-clinical and early clinical RDL drugs move forward, the cro industry will have better development opportunities. 2.3. The global cro market is growing steadily, and China’s cro market is growing at a significant rate.
The global market has grown steadily and will be close to $100 billion by 2024. As pharmaceutical research and development spending has increased, demand for outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development has increased, and the global market has continued to expand. According to Frost Sullivan, the global market is projected to be about $80.1 billion in 2022, and about $96 billion in 2024, 2015-2011.
In 2022, the cagr was 8.83%; in 2022-2024, the cagr was 9.48%. The breakdown of the necro market was higher than in China, where the amplification of the necro market was significant. According to Frost Sali, China ' s cro market was expected to be about $13 billion in 2022 and $22.2 billion in 2024.
The Cro market, which accounts for about 58% of the market, is about $7.5 billion, is expected to grow to $13.7 billion in 2024. The clinical development of new medicines is expected to provide capacity for the clinical development of new medicines. The market is very difficult, long-cycle, high cost is a major feature of pharmaceutical research and development.
In the case of small molecularization, the process of screening the disease-related targets until the detection and validation of the drug in human clinical trials can only be applied to the drug regulatory authority for marketing. According to the model of drug research and development costs published in 2010, the process usually takes about 13 years, at a cost of about 873 million.
In US dollars, about 68% of the clinical development phase. The difficulty, long cycle, and high cost characteristics of the drug industry make it more expensive in millions of US dollars.
The patient's life safety is relevant and clinical development is strictly subject to supervision and scrutiny by the drug regulatory authority, often facing “go” and “nogo” choices and high risk of research and development, so the pharmaceutical company needs a team of professionals to take charge of the whole process of clinical development. According to iqvia, the overall success rate of pharmaceutical research and development since 2015
The downward trend undoubtedly adds to the research and development-end burden for pharmaceutical companies. As a professional R & D service outsourcing agency, clinical cro companies have a wealth of experience in drug clinical development, large teams of professionals and regulatoryly compliant operators, it can bring added value to pharmaceutical enterprises: first, shortening the R & D cycle through skilled process management; and second,
Based on a rigorous compliance operating system that reduces the risk of verification and lowers the costs of later correction; third, to optimize clinical trial programmes by providing professional advice for clinical development through a rich exchange of experience with pharmaceutical monitors and senior researchers, thus increasing the success rate of research and development; and fourth, to reduce the size of clinical development teams in pharmaceutical companies and reduce staff costs through collaborative approaches.
Emerging biotech is gaining in the mainstream, and research and development outsourcing penetration is expected to increase. In new drug research and development, the role of emerging biotech companies is increasing, with their product lines rising. According to iqvia, the share of emerging biotech companies in global research pipelines has increased from 52% in 2003 to 72% in 2018; and with their product pipelines, it has grown from 72% in 2018.
By 2026, Biotech is expected to account for 37% of the market. Biotech is playing an increasingly important role in pharmaceutical research and development. Biotech is a small, cost-sensitive, self-constructed clinical team.
The global base for the number of new clinical trials initiated each year is large, adding to the clinical market. According to iqvia, the number of new global clinical trials initiated in 2021 was 5,578, an increase of 14.05% over the same period.
A total of 2,061, or about 37%, and a total of 2,335 in ii, or about 42%, and a total of 1,182 in ii, or about 21%. The large number of new clinical trials provided sufficient impetus for the continued development of the clinical coro market.
China’s new drug review system is still being improved, it is gradually being brought into line with the international community, and there is much scope for developing domestic clinical trials. Since the verification by China’s National Directorate for Monitoring Food and Drug Control on 22 July 2015, China’s clinical trials have been well developed; in 2017, China’s pharmaceutical authorities joined the International Coordination Committee for the Registration of Drugs for Human Purposes (ich), and
In 2018, he was elected a member of the Ich Board, and China’s drug registration management system has accelerated its international integration; in 2020, the new version of the Code for the Quality Management of Clinical Trials of Drugs was published, further promoting the study and quality of clinical trials in China. However, there is still a gap between Chinese clinical trials and mature markets like the United States, for example, in 2020.
After the first approval of an innovative drug in the global market, China had an average delay of 3.9 years, while Japan had an average delay of 1.2 years. In 2018, China ' s participation in international multi-centre clinical trials was only 9.4%, well below 77.5% in the US.
There is still much room for development. The number of pipelines up to three, and pre-registration, classified by country of head office of the company: 2.2015-2019, the world ' s first market share, includes only new molecular entities
Top-down policy reforms promote better medical innovation. China’s medical innovation continues to have considerable scope in the world, and in recent years the relevant sectors of the country have introduced a series of policies to support innovation in medicines and pharmacotherapy devices, encouraging innovation through top-level design adjustments.
With the completion of China’s drug review system and associated support policies, clinical trials in China have grown rapidly. In 2021, China received 1,821, representing an increase of 79.23% in the same year, and registered 3,358 clinical trials in the country, an increase of 29.05% in the same year.
It takes an average of 157.3 days. We predict that the number of applications in the future will continue to grow, as the country’s research and development environment for innovative medicines remains unchanged, while the number of clinical trials in the country will continue to grow at a high rate in the next 3-5 years, and will also drive the rapid development of the country’s clinical coro industry.
Category f Figure 39: Time-consuming (days) for completion of different stages of clinical trials of new drugs in 2021 Figure 38: Ratio of different stages of clinical trials of new drugs in 2021
Figure 41: Number of applications for clinical trials of innovative medicines by type of company in China
Based on clinical trial technical services, horizontal extension of clinical trial-related services 3.1. Deep-farm clinical trial technical services, which consolidates the vanity of the company's business around the development of new medicines, a well-structured business, and a significant platform. Clinical trials are conducted as one.
A complex and regulated activity, the content of which can be divided mainly into 1) clinical trial technical services and 2) clinical trial related services and laboratory services. The ratio of the company ' s clinical trial technical services received in 2021 was 57.42%, the company ' s main business.
The performance of clinical trial technical services has grown strongly, and the Māori rate has remained high. According to frost&sullivan, the market for clinical trials is the largest in the world, accounting for 51% in 2019, 9.0% in 2019, and the market for clinical trials in China is estimated to be about $1.9 billion in 2019 and projected for 2024.
In 2021, there were 567 clinical trials and 148 key ii-phased clinical pilot projects, representing a percentage of the total.
26%, showing a strong capacity to run a clinical trial. If based on the total of 3,358 clinical tests published by cde in 2021, the clinical pilot project under study by the company in 2021 accounted for 16.89% of the total number of clinical trials registered throughout the year. (This data is used because of the existence of multi-year clinical trials and non-ctr-registered clinical trials.)
The number of clinical trials conducted overseas by companies has also increased from 76 in 2017 to 132 in 2021. At the same time, companies are involved in clinical trials at international multicentres.
There has also been a notable increase in the number of mrct-initiated projects in 2021, a 150% increase in the same year. The company, as the lead clinical contract research institute for three clinical studies at the convideciatm (ad5-ncov) Multi-Centre for Vaccines, contributed to the condition approval of the epidemic by the China National Drug Control Authority in February 2021, which was initiated by Chinese enterprises.
The first three-stage clinical research on vaccines, conducted in Pakistan, Mexico, Russia, Chile, Argentina, and covering several continents, with more than 40,000 people tested, demonstrates the firm’s strong international project capability.
The company completed 148 clinical pilot projects for medical devices, with 341 ongoing projects at the end of 2021, assisting 3 with the development of clinical trials at the company ' s level in 2021.
Innovative devices and two personal industrial intelligence medical software have been well-listed and have been shown as a whole. In 2021, the company's Real World Research team launched more than 20 real world studies on drugs and medical devices, and in May, the Centre for Clinical Studies in Bounty opened, expanding the capacity of real world research projects; the company has completed 74 biological and other information projects (be) and is in the process of doing so.
Implementation of 161 be projects. 3.2. Non-clinical trial technical operations are comprehensive, leading to a two-wheel-drive pattern. Clinical trial-related and laboratory service operations are in a performance period.
Operations such as laboratory, data management and statistical analysis, clinical trial site management, etc., have been fully upgraded. With the end of capacity-building, clinical trial-related and laboratory service operations have started to move forward. In late 2021, the Fangda Holding Unit implemented 2,516 laboratory service projects, a 24% increase compared to the 2021 camp.
Fonda Holdings operate in both China and North America. The Fonda Holdings operate in laboratory testing (44.79% of the 2021 harvest), chemistry, manufacturing and control (15.21%), preclinical research (25.53%), biological equivalence (5.82%) and chemistry (8.65%), mainly for pre-clinical and clinical-related testing services.
The company has facilities in Pennsylvania, California, Ohio, New Jersey, Florida, Vancouver, Canada, Shanghai, Jiangsu, Henanzhou and Hubei Wuhan. In 2021, Fonda held revenues in the United States of America of $115 million (62.35 per cent), operating revenues in China of $51 million (27.01 per cent) and elsewhere.
Fonda Holdings is still expanding in size. In February 2021, Fonda Holdings added more than 6,200 square metres to Shanghai Port; in April, new safety and toxicology centres in Suzhou were opened and almost completed by the end of the year; in April, a new square metre laboratory was officially operational; and in December, the central laboratory in Shanghai became operational under the flag.
The company’s new 1,660 m2 drug discovery laboratory, including 10 pharmaceutical chemical laboratories that meet the cglp criteria, is expected to maintain business growth in the future as capacity is built.
The size of the market for data management and statistical analysis is about one quarter of what clinical trials run as a significant amount of value-added business. According to frost&sullivan data, the size of the market in the United States was about $3.386 billion in 2019, $4.92 billion in 2024 and 7.8 per cent in 2019 and about $485 million in 2019 in China.
Based on the clinical trial technical services, data management and statistical analysis achieve high returns. Corporate data management and statistical analysis operations are largely based on the satellite company Mesda, and are supported by Carintegre and the United States bdm, which can be used for full-flow data management and statistical analysis operations from the clinical trial planning to the end of the trial.
The number of clients was 163, representing an increase of 40.52 per cent over the same period; 157 numeric businesses were completed, representing an increase of 49.52 per cent over the same year; 743 orders were executed, with a pool of more than 800 professionals in China, Korea, the United States, and India. According to the business data for 2015-2019, the net profitability of the numeric sales was high and represented a high value added business.
3.2.3. Clinical trial site management and patient recruitment operations. Clinical trial site management (smo) and patient recruitment market sizes are about 14 per cent of clinical trial operations, future US$ billion, approximately 14 per cent of clinical trial operations, and market size will expand to US$ 1.368 billion, 2019 - 2024
A total of 39.2 per cent of the 2024cagr operations were performed by the Clinical Trial Coordinator (crc) at the Clinical Trial Centre to assist in the delivery of medicines related to clinical trials, patient assistance, data collection, etc., which required communication and collaboration with the researchers of the Clinical Trial Centre, the project manager/cra of clinical operations, and the applicant (the pharmaceutical company) and hence good practices.
The basis for cooperation is the advantages of Smo’s operations. The company’s operations with patients are based on a long-standing basis of collaboration with more than 1,200 clinical trial centres and a wide range of clients.
The smo and patient recruitment operations are coordinated with the clinical trial technical services. In 2021, the team of professional clinical coordinators was over 2,700, while the number of Smo orders executed at the end of 2021 was 1,432, an increase of 21.36 per cent; in 2021, the number of projects completed was 203, an increase of 66.39 per cent, compared with 1,267 in 147 cities in the country.
Hospitals and clinical trial centres work together and are in the smo first-class staircases, and the country's leader has a clear advantage, with overseas outreach routes that are blocked and long but can be expected to deepen operations to protect the city's rivers and maintain customer stickyness.
Corporate clients are sticky and their clients are well structured. Six of the top 20 clients in the company's income ranking are multinational big drug companies and 16 are listed companies; the top 10 clients have a retention rate of 100% and the company has provided services to many large clients for at least five years, and the customer is more sticky. For profit-making drug companies, they tend to be more inclined to be fully platform-type.
The company’s overall business, the number of customers continues to grow, and the overall growth in sales of the top five clients is clear, stable, and the client structure is healthy.
With extensive project experience, extensive hospital cooperation base, and a comprehensive operational platform to deepen the corporate moat. The company ' s 567 orders were executed in late 2021, and more than 1,200 clinical trial agencies in China have worked together to provide a one-stop solution to drugs throughout their life cycle.
Sex, the heterogeneity of patients, etc., the accumulation of clinical experience in drug trials is an important lesson for clinical work. At the same time, fluid work processes, improved quality management systems, and strong project delivery capacity can be trusted by clients.
4.2. Keeping the industry at the forefront of growth, the company is the leader of the clinical cro industry, and the difference between the country’s leading clinical cro company and the rest of the population is clear.
For many years, Bozi medicine was on the market, with 989 personnel in 2021 and 1,873 in 2021 in Norsg, where ipo passed, and was smaller than the size of Tag medicine. On per capita income generation, Nosg and Bozi medicine were 32.48 million yuan/persons/persons in 2021, compared to 62.62 million yuan/persons/persons, maintaining their leading position, and later on.
Figure 72: Number of Clinical Cro projects in the country (2021) 4.3. Consolidation of domestic operations, expansion of overseas operations, long-term and long-term prospects for the future of the company, and a gap between the international clinical coronation.
The national drug registration approval system is still short-lived for international integration, the development of innovative drugs is lagging behind, and there is much room for clinical development in the country. On the scale of the collection, the Thai pharmaceutical harvest is about 11% of the international clinical cologne lead iqvia; and, in terms of the pace of business growth, the Thai medicine harvest has remained at a high rate, significantly higher than that of the international clinical cologne.
Labcorp, iqvia and icon (cocon acquired prahealth in 2021, resulting in faster harvests). Income generation per capita in inter-national clinicalcro enterprises has stabilized and has remained at the per capita income level of $1.13 million for three consecutive years.
In terms of staff size and volume of operations, there is still a large gap between the Thai medicine and the international clinical cologne.Tagger medicine and icon are calculated to be the company’s head office, labcorp to be the business income of the drugdevelopment department, and iqvia to be the business income of the research & development strategies department.
Clinical cro breakdowns benefit from the increase in the heat of new drug research and development in the country, maintaining a high climate, and the company is a clinical cro leader, whose share of the market is expected to increase further. As domestic firms increase their demand for innovative drugs, the demand for them to go out of the sea, and the increase in clinical trials of foreign pharmaceutical companies in the country, companies are pre-positioned overseas.
Depending on available resources and advantages, overseas business expansion is also expected to make a breakthrough; however, it should also be noted that the high rate of clinical coronization in overseas markets, the pressure on overseas markets to promote, and the differences between domestic and overseas systems of pharmaceutical regulation, which have resulted in industrial and soil discomfort, are some of the challenges that will need to be overcome in the future.
5. Profit forecasting and investment ratings 5.1. Key assumptions and revenue splitting
Depending on the company ' s business history, development planning and future development of the industry, the company ' s revenue is split as follows: 5.2. Profit forecasting and valuation, we have selected the co-occupational newer medicines, sunnoses and drugs for the same industry as comparable companies.
x, 17 x, where the company is the leader of the domestic clinical coro, where the industry is well developed, covering the first time that it is given 1) the risks of new drug development are not as high as expected: there is uncertainty about new drug development and there is a risk that new drug development will fail. 2) Industry competition risks: industry concentration is low and there is a risk of increased competition in the industry.
(3) Volatility of investment returns: investment returns are less than expected. (5) Risk of declining exposure to innovation drug research and development: there is a risk that research and development inputs will be less than expected to cause fluctuations in corporate orders due to the greater relationship between the industry in which the company is located and the research and development inputs of the innovative pharmaceutical industry.
6) Policy risk: Due to the greater policy impact on innovation drug research and development, there may be a risk of fluctuations in corporate orders due to domestic policy tightening.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board