The wind and wind business is profitable, with 25-27 years of distribution planning on the ground - the annual review of the power supply in the Dragons in 2024.
The net return to the mother was 6345 million yuan (with a deduction of $5,711 million), +06 per cent (with a deduction of 8.51 per cent).
Impairment is still a drag on performance, but it has improved in the same year. In 2024, companies prepared for impairment of assets by billions of yuan (of which the value of impairments was reduced by the large generation by $28 million, the value of subsidized maturity & price changes by the local cut-off by $0.07 billion) and the value of intangible assets by 325 million yuan (of which the large generation was reduced).
Leung Yonan, whose reduced value of $127 million, subsidized maturities & price changes & local consumption, influences the project by adding more than 7gw installed throughout the year, but the performance of electricity generation is affected by the appearance of the electric power asset and weak wind resources.
2.65 gw, photovolt 4.83 gw, also reduced fire power by 0.2 m/s on average in the region where the company ' s projects are located by the same speed by 0.2 m/s
The price of wind power increased by structural factors and the price of photovoltaic power fell by the same amount. In 2024, the average price of wind power on the Internet was 0.466 yuan/kwh (not taxed, lower) for companies, with an increase of 0.011/kwh on the same basis.
Or 2.4 per cent, mainly due to an increase in the share of electricity sold on high-priced items; average company photovoltaic Internet access price, relative to depth of $300, is 0.296/kwh, a decrease of $0.014/kwh or 4.5 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the introduction of new photovoltaics.
Electricity generation projects are price-neutral projects, which reduce overall electricity prices. In 2024, wind power branch operations increased in year-on-year terms, with photovoltaics falling in year-on-year terms. In 2024, the company wind branch generated $28,666 million, or +3.4 per cent, as a result of a combination of electricity volume and electricity prices;
(b) The light-voltage branch achieved income of 2,441 million yuan, compared to $5,700 million, or 32.3 per cent, mainly as a result of the second half of the year;
In January-February 2025, the company achieved a power generation of 12.27 billion kwh, compared to 7.37 per cent (fire-free movies), of which 11.18 billion kwh was generated by wind, compared to 2.58 per cent; 1.53 billion kwh was generated by photovoltaics.
Differentiation: wind pressure, high light voltage Investment proposal: Taking into account the company's chart of fire and electrical assets, and based on the new guidance of engine growth, we have taken care of our commitment to present this report independently and objectively, in a diligent manner and with a clear and accurate view of our research. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Downstream research. Used to work on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined China’s Galaxy securities in January 2022.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.