The window of opportunity for the newmessecurities to continue to grow into a glazing glass tap for more than 10 years.
The company is based on photovoltaic glass, floating in layout, engineering, home glass, and so on. The company currently owns 4290 tons of solar glass, with around 20 per cent of the city, the world’s second-largest light glass manufacturer, while the company also owns 1,200 tons of solar glass.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The size of the production capacity of the second-tier team is expected to lead to a greater concentration of market share to larger-scale front-line firms. The demand for lumino-voltage machines is being replaced up by two-procedure components, and the opportunity period for luminous glass is approaching in the domestic market: photovoltaic parities are imminent, and industry drivers are being converted from “policy + subsidies” to “contributions”
Ben + Market, we believe that domestic photovoltaics are going to fall short-term or short-term, but with parity coming, space will return to growth in the future. Offshore markets: strong demand, lower costs, will stimulate high growth in overseas markets, re-emerge, and the photovoltaic industry is expected to come to an opportunity.
• The company's high-quality production capacity continues to expand, with clear cost advantages, with phase I and phase II of the Afford Glass having been put into production in December 2017 and phase II in June 2018, respectively, with 1,000 tons/day capacity expected to become operational in 2019; 1,000 tons/day capacity in Viet Nam
It is expected to start production in the first half of 2019. All postnatal companies will have 6290 tonnes/day capacity, of which 4 1000 tonnes of kilns will be built after 2017.
In Viet Nam, the company has set in motion its overseas expansion route, benefiting from lower costs of rock and gold sand, electricity, labour, and land, and is expected to outperform similar plants in Viet Nam by more than 1,000 tons per day of large kiln production lines. The cost advantage is more pronounced.
..for the first time, we've covered a “strongly recommended” rating, and we've been looking at the company as a light-voltage glass tap, the accelerated expansion of low-cost production, the higher demand for light-voltage machines, and the replacement of double pulls for two-bond components, which are expected to continue to grow.
Pe is 13, 9 and 7 times, respectively. For the first time, coverage was given as a “strongly recommended” rating. 1, Deep-farmed light glass industry, for more than a decade, grew into photovoltaic glass taps 1.1, based on photovoltaic glass, with various glass areas in the layout.
The company was established in 1998 to trade in glass products. In 2000, the company started working in glass processing, mainly floating glass deep processing products; in 2005, it was transformed into a stock company; in 2006, the company moved into a light glass industry, the first in the country to obtain Swiss spf certification.
Enterprises; in 2011, the company set fire to its first floating glass kiln, starting to produce floating glass sheets and further improving the production chain and product structure. The company ' s main products are currently in the four main areas of photovoltaic glass, floating glass, engineering glass, home glass, and solar photovoltaic power station construction and rock mining, which are comparable.
The company’s main business is the development, production and sale of photovoltaic glass, floating glass, engineering glass and household glass, as well as the mining, marketing and construction of epc light voltage plants for glass deposits. The company’s main product is glass products, including photovoltaic glass, floating glass, engineering glass and household glass.
Figure 2: The company’s main products are glass products, including photovoltaic glass, floating glass, engineering glass, and household glass. The company’s main products are currently photovoltaic glass, floating glass, floating glass deep-processed products.
The company currently owns 4290 tons of solar/light glass, with a city rate of about 20 per cent, and is ranked second in the light glass industry, and 1,200 tons of solar/light glass.
The controlling party has a higher shareholding ratio. The control is vested in Nguyen Hongh Liang, Nguyen Zeh-yun, Kang Xinghua and Zhao Xiaofei. Nguyen Liang is married to Kang Xinghua, and Nguyen Hongh Liang, Kang Xiaohua and Nguyen Zhe-yun are father and daughter respectively.
1.2, ipo's fund-raising project with a coded light glass company issues 150 million new shares at a price of $2/share, raising $300 million for the "Tons of annual production, low-e online plating glass project." Once completed, the company will add 600,000 tons of additional photovoltaics.
Production capacity and 100,000 tons of plating-e glass. 1.3. Performance is robust and is expected to grow again with the release of high-quality capacity, with companies maintaining 2,290 tons of luminous glass capacity after 2014, without large scale-up, and sales of luminous glass.
There has also been no significant growth, and the company’s performance is more related to the gross gross domestic product (values per unit, unit cost) of photovoltaic glass units. In 2015 and 2016, the photovoltaic industry recovered, heat recovered, and market demand grew rapidly. In particular, in 2016, it was affected by rapid growth in demand, with a slight increase in the unit price of the company’s sales of photovoltaic glass products, which was compounded by a slight increase in the unit price of sales.
The net profits of the company grew faster with lower unit fuel costs and lower unit raw material costs, higher company Maori rates and higher unit Māori. By the end of 2017, 1,000 tons of additional light/light glass capacity had been added to the glass, which was largely contributed in 2018. In 2017, with a gradual balance between supply and demand in the country’s photovoltaic glass industry, the net profits of the company grew faster.
The price of photovoltaic glass has fallen, while the price of some raw materials and fuel has increased, leading to a decline in the gross profit rate of photovoltaic glass, which was 427 million yuan in 2017, a 29.30 per cent decline in the same year. After the “531” policy, the market price of the company's main product, photovoltaic glass, has fallen.
The company’s official input into the new glass production line in Anfull has led to an increase in the production and cost of photovoltaic glass, with the company’s total growth of 4.32 per cent in the year-on-year ratio; the net profit from repatriation being $290 million, an increase of 5.44 per cent in the year-on-year period, with steady performance.
Photovoltaic glass is the glass used in solar photovoltaic cell assemblies, is the front of the battery assembly and forms the outermost layer of the composition, so that it ensures a sufficiently high permeability and is strong and has a long life.
Long-term protection of batteries. To increase the photovoltage of glass, it can be plated on the surface of the glass steeled to ensure that a higher light pass rate is maintained, allowing more electricity to be generated from solar cells; and, at the same time, a higher strength of photovoltage from steeled glass, allowing for greater wind pressure and larger day and night exposure of solar cells.
Temperature differentials. Steel glass spectrometry is above 91.5 per cent and plating glass plating is above 93.5 per cent. Figure 11: Photovoltaic glass use in photovoltaic power systems
Super-white-pressure glass has excellent spectrometry and is well integrated and is the preferred material for the crystalline silicon panel. Photovoltaic glass performance is high, usually only super-white-floated glass and super-white-pressure glass satisfy the combined energy. Compared to super-white-floated glass, the front side of solar super-white-pressure glass is treated with special fume surfaces, reducing the reflection of light.
Reverse treatment with special flowering has greatly increased the penetration of different angles of solar light, coupled with the product's height, which has enabled solar super-white pressure glass to ensure excellent permeability under long-term solar light exposure. When the solar light tilt and battery assembly is installed from an angle, super-white pressure glass is higher than the combined light spectrometer of super-white floating glass.
About 3 to 4%. In practice, the solar light pass rate increases by 1%, and photovoltaic cell power increases by about 0.8%, so super-white-pressure glass is the preferred material for crystalline silicon panels.
Photovoltaic glass process High threshold for the optical glass industry, mainly in high technical requirements, significant scale effect, stronger photovoltaic glass to solar light pass/absorption/reflection rate, iron content, shock resistance, corrosivity,
Persistence, thermal inflation coefficients, high temperature resistance are high, especially for solar light and low iron content. Photovoltaic glass is much higher than normal glass in terms of material design, process system design, kiln pool structure, operating system, control system, and product quality standards.
The technological gap between manufacturing firms and those manufacturing light glass creates a common glass manufacturing enterprise that enters the light glass manufacturing process into more technical links, which can affect the quality and productivity of the product if one link is in trouble. Glass production is very continuous, but the quality of closed light glass products needs to be reworked.
The normal production of the original product is usually round-the-clock, non-stop, if the quality of the product is unstable, and the production is not normal. Since each enterprise has different regulations, production lines, and process parameters, building a process system adapted to its own characteristics requires a large amount of effort.
Accumulation of production techniques, mastery of process techniques and sophistication of management levels constitute the main obstacle to the introduction of non-glass-producing enterprises into the light glass industry. At the same time, the normal glass production line cannot be easily converted to the glass-based production technology because of the differences between the general floating glass and the light glass production technology.
Photovoltaic glass production lines. Thus, it is difficult for ordinary glass producers to easily enter the photovoltaic glass market. Table 4: Photovoltaic glass performance requires higher barriers, higher concentration, and production requires long-term experience accumulation and one-stop production.
Process processes, and the need for a larger initial investment of 1,000 tonnes/day melting light glass lines at $700-800 million, larger kilns with lower manufacturing costs (20-30% lower than average kilns) and higher completion rates. The core technology of large furnaces is mainly in the hands of leading firms, with SMEs in relative need.
With limited technical and economic strength, 1,000 tons of day-melting kilns are built.3 High authentication barriers, high sticky users.
The export of photovoltaic components in the EU, USA, Japan must be certified for local product quality, the replacement of the encapsulation must be re-certified for a longer period and at no lower cost, so the photovoltaic component enterprises are more inclined to work together with suppliers of high quality, timely supply, and once they have established a cooperative relationship,
At the same time, authoritative foreign certification agencies need strict performance, reliability, quality stability of photovoltaic components, and high requirements for technology, scale of operations, experimental testing, R & D capabilities, quality control. New entrants have difficulty meeting quality technical standards in a short time, and their glass products are more difficult to load with photovoltaic components.
The high quality stability, timeliness of delivery, and after-sale service requirements of the photovoltaic component enterprises require that access to the list of suppliers of the photovoltaic component be subject to a number of elements, such as vendor evaluation, testing plants, product testing, certification, small-volume testing, medium-volume procurement up to bulk supply, which take longer (six months to one year) because
This relatively first-to-market enterprise has, through years of long-term partnerships, fostered client loyalty to brand names, thereby impeding new entrants. 2.2. Supply side: one ladder is expanding faster, and concentration in the light glass sector is expected to increase.
The country's photovoltaic glass products had not been industrialized because of the high entry threshold and low market demand in the photovoltaic glass industry earlier, when the market was largely dominated by San Goban, France, Pilkinton, United Kingdom (later bought by Slate Nitro), Xia, Japan, and four foreign companies, with Sumi, Japan, totally dependent on the introduction of the domestic photovoltaic component.
Plumbing glass from mouths is produced at a price of $80/m2 or more. Since 2006, after breaking the technology threshold for the production of light glass, our company-represented light glass enterprise has been able to replace it with a 10-year period of import, which has now been the largest in the world.
With foreign firms leaving the market for photovoltaic glass, companies like San Goban have only a few low-capacity kilns that are still in production. After doing a great job in the domestic market, domestic glazing taps like Shinyo and the company have opened up overseas expansion.
At this stage, it is concentrated in the South-East Asian region, where Shinji Light has been able to establish production bases in Malaysia, where the company has established itself as a producer and exporter of photovoltaic glass in Viet Nam, with a gradual increase in the capacity/production of photovoltaic glass. In terms of capacity, from 0.96 million tonnes per day in 2012 to 20,000 tonnes per day in 2017, with a combination of 2012-2017.
The actual production of super-white pressure glass is calculated at about 14929.2 tons per day (exclusion of unreleased and production capacity).
In the south of the country, there are Fu Jianbao, New Hing, and others, including the larger ones, such as Shining Light, Fulrate, Henan's Anxi Rainbow. Figure 16: National super-white-pressureed glass is productive.
The number of white-pressureed glass kilns and production lines in the country is more competitive and cost-effective for firms with glass kilns. Depending on whether or not they have original production power, the light glass industry can be divided into two categories: the one with a super-white glass prototype production line and a photovoltaic system.
Enterprises with deep processing capacity, such as Shining Light, Fulvert, Rainbow Group, China Santung, Angkor, etc., and a group of pure glass processing enterprises, i.e., purchasing glass from glass originals for deep processing, representing companies such as Amazon, Su-qiang, Huammy and others, with their own glass kilns in the face of tight supply of and demand for light-volved glass.
The firm has a stronger competitive and cost advantage. It's already over 70%, with 20% of the company's market, and it's second in the industry.
The new production capacity of light glass is expected to increase further, mainly from front-line firms. Shining light is the first domestic share of light glass, with three light glass production bases at the end of December 2018, with a combined capacity of 7,800 tons per day. The Malaysian base will be in mid-2019 and late 2019.
By December 2018, the company had 4290 tons/day of light glass production, Anfo glass production base planned to become 1,000 tons/day in q1 in 2019, and Forlet (Viet Nam) production base planned to become 1,000 tons/day in the first half of 2019.
Yes, all postnatal companies will have 6290 tonnes/day capacity.
Some of them have resumed production, as well as the firm’s active production restrictions, which effectively ease the supply pressure. According to the creative advice, the expansion of production is prudent, and policy influences will leave no new entrants. The creative advice anticipates that in 2019, production fluctuations in the light glass market will focus mainly on the capacity adjustment of the enterprises of scale themselves in order to achieve a better scale of the product.
Effects. SMEs will shift from less competitive conventional products to those required by their characteristics. Markets will be more visible in the direction of leading firms, product diversification and differentiation.
2,000 tons and 4,000 tons, respectively, will further stretch the size of the second team. We expect significant scale effects, lower manufacturing costs (unit energy consumption, unit depreciation), higher completion rates will have a clear cost advantage compared with the old capacity for new production in 2019.
In terms of technology development and lower costs, front-line firms have a clear advantage over second-line firms. As the industry expands, small-scale, brand-famous, poorly financed SMEs will be moving further away from first-line firms in the future, and the market share will be moving towards large-scale glazing firms.
2.3. Demand side: The global landscape is up, and the need for photovoltaic glass is strong. Photovoltaic glass is one of the main components of the component, and its demand is closely related to the volume of additional photovoltaic loads, which, by virtue of their reliability, safety, breadth, adequacy of resources, are currently global coal,
In the context of the accelerated consumption of fossil energy, such as petroleum, it has become one of the major renewable energy sources that are universally recognized globally, and it is expected to be a major pillar of future global electricity supply. As a major energy-producing and consuming country, China attaches great importance to environmental protection, encouraging the use of new technologies and sources of energy to reduce greenhouse effects and promote eco-friendly environments.
In this context, clean energy, represented by photovoltaics, has good economic and environmental benefits that can be supported by national governments. With the introduction of photovoltaic subsidies, domestic photovoltaics have continued to climb, reaching domestic loading by 2017.
53gw, which accounts for more than 50% of the world's installed aircraft. According to data published by the National Energy Agency, China added 44gw light-voltage machines in 2018, down 17% from the same year, mainly because of the “531” policy, which affected short-term demand in the domestic market. The price of components fell sharply after “531” in 2018, leading to the global system.
The decline in Ben adds up to countries ' policy support for renewable energy development, with higher growth in the overseas photovoltaic market in 2018, and Solarzoom, which expects to have more than 63gw more installed overseas throughout the year, including the rise of emerging markets such as India, Mexico, Australia, the Middle East and Africa.
Global photovoltage The share of domestic photovoltaics The domestic photovoltaic market: lower costs, i.e., parity, the domestic photovoltaic industry will be driven by “policy + subsidies”.
Converted to “cost + market” driven by changes and developments in policy, supply and demand and supporting industries in recent years, the cost of photovoltaic systems has been declining steadily, with the cost of photovoltaic power falling by 90 per cent in 2004-2017 and the cost of photovoltaic systems falling to $5/w in 2017. Some project system costs have now been reduced to within $4/w, and prices are approaching parity.
In addition, domestic policies were restored after the “531,” and we expect domestic subsidies to be installed around 40gw in 2019, with industry driving shifting from “policy + subsidies” to “cost + markets.” Overseas photovoltaic markets: lower costs will stimulate high growth in overseas markets. We expect overseas markets in 2019.
Demand is about 80.5 gw, Europe, India and emerging markets are opening up further, Europe’s Mip is coming to an end, component prices are falling sharply, demand is stimulating, local + Taiwan’s 5gw production capacity is expected to be replaced, India’s photovoltaic demand is huge, there is uncertainty about guaranteed taxes; Australia’s households are growing rapidly with light-voltage; and the Middle East’s resource advantage is clear, growth is increasing.
The European Association of Photovoltaic Industries predicts that, by the end of 2018, 14 countries and regions will have a total of 85.7gw domestic component production in 2018, an increase of 14.3% compared to the previous year, dominated by crystal silicon components.
There are 11 enterprises with output above 2gw, which account for 62.3% of total domestic production, with concentration increasing one step. According to the China Road Map for the Development of Photovoltaic Industries (2018 edition), domestic component production in 2019 showed a downward trend in the price of photovoltaic glass in the country in 2018.
Following the “531” policy, there was a sharp drop in the glazing glass market. By July 2018, the price of the original sheet had reached $12.5-13.5 m2, the price of plating was $20-20.5 m2, which was more than 30% lower at the beginning of the year. After September 2018, supply pressure was slightly lower due to restricted or cold repairs by businesses.
At the same time, the upstream raw materials showed an upward trend, and the price of photovoltaic glass began to rebound. By the end of January 2019, the mainstream price of 3.2mm plating was 24 yuan/m2, down by about 23 per cent from the same year: at the end of the end of the original film, the mainstream price was about 15.5 to 16 yuan/m2, down 26 per cent from the same year.
(1) On the supply side, since the expansion of the market as a whole, with the exception of altruistic energy and companies, short-term domestic demand has been somewhat constrained, but as costs have fallen, the PV is in the sense that the domestic photovoltaic industry will be driven by “policy + subsidies” and converted to “cost + markets”, and we believe that domestic PVs or
There has been a brief decline, but future growth in space is likely to take place. High growth in overseas markets will be stimulated by high demand in the off-shore photovoltaic market, and lower costs will stimulate high growth in the off-shore market.
Figure 22: Changes in the price of photovoltaic glass in the country since 2018 2.4. The advantages of two-bond components are clear, and the alternative space is huge.
Lines, combined with photovoltaic battery assemblies formed at the end of the fuse. The two-bolith photovoltaic components actually generate high amounts of electricity in a photovoltaic station, effectively reduce the creation of snails, reduce the loss of the pid, extend the life cycle of the components, and are more resilient and environmentally sound. The greatest advantage of this is that they have a longer useful life.
Figure 23: The advantage of the two-bond components is that, based on coronal light energy, the annual loss does not exceed 2.5 per cent for the first year and 0.5 per cent for each subsequent year.
The output efficiency for the 30-year period from the start of the Quality Assurance is no less than 83%.
At the economic level, the two-bond component has further reduced its costs while increasing its efficiency and generating tiles; at the technical level, the current technological compatibility of the production line and the two-sided technology of the mainstream plant is strong, and changes to the production line require only modifications in the treatment of batteries in the short term.
Large-scale production; at the policy level, the “leader” programme is expected to give further impetus to the development of high-efficiency batteries and components, and the replacement space for two-bond components is large, with a rapid increase in the city’s share. In 2018, the market was dominated by one-sided components, which reached 90%.
8 pc, 10%. In the future, with the expansion of new photovoltaic applications such as agro-light complementarities and water-light complementarities, the scale of the applications of the two-bob components will continue to expand.
This is expected to reach 30% per year and 60% by 2025. For this reason, the country’s component manufacturers have expanded the capacity of the two-bond component, and the domestic capacity of the two-bond component is expected to reach 26gw in 2019.
So, as the amount of photovoltaic machines increases, so does the market demand for photovoltaic glass. With the rapid increase in the market share of the two-bond component, considering the future rate of growth of the photovoltaic unit and the double pull of the two-bob component replacement, there will be a further increase in demand that pulls the light glass.
3. Photovoltaic glass operations: the company ' s multiple advantages are evident, with a strong expansion of production capacity 3.1, autonomous R & D breaking overseas monopolies, technologically strong, high product quality Autonomous R & D breaking overseas monopolies and producing photovoltaic glass. In 2006, the company produced it through autonomous R & D.
The company was the first country to break the international giant's technology and market monopoly on photovoltaic glass, and successfully nationalized it. The company was at the forefront of the industry in key technologies such as the formulation of photovoltaic glass, the production process, and self-explosive rate control.
Ben Sharp tested it for the same quality as the world-renowned optical glass manufacturer Nitrosin, United Kingdom, and San Goban, France. At the same time, the company’s optical glass product was the country’s first and the world’s fourth firm certified through Swiss spf (spf certification is widely recognized as high-performance photovoltaic glass).
After many years of input and accumulation, companies are at the forefront of the country’s research and development, technological processes, production and other major technological areas, and some of the products and technologies are already in place.
The company's dominant product, super-white and floating glass and deep-processed glass, has matured into large-scale production. The company has received a number of awards related to photovoltaic technology, including the National Priority New Product Award, awarded by the Ministry of Science and Technology. The company has more than 70 patents, including for photovoltaics.
Glass inventions are patented on 2 items; 16 core technologies, 14 core technologies related to photovoltaic glass, and 2 core technologies related to low-e glass. To further improve production efficiency, the company has developed and manufactured new applications of pressure-constrained equipment, using ultra-wide board photovoltaic stretching technology, at the project site.
The company plans forward-looking technology research and development based on changes in market demand, trends in industry and its own development.
The new products being developed by the company include high-reflective white backboard glass for two-bond components, 2.8 mm high pass-rate ultra thin plating glass, and online low-e plating film.
Companies have a clear advantage in manufacturing processes, and product technology indicators are higher than national standards. Companies have industry-led technology levels and production processes that can effectively upgrade such technical indicators as spectrometry, stability, and so forth.
The company’s output permeability index is relatively higher than the national standards and the technical indicators of the company’s products listed in the same industry. The company’s management team is experienced, and the production rate of photovoltaic glass is at a leading international level.
With high technical, financial, and talent barriers, only a few large glass firms can compete in the market for such products. Large glass firms compete not only in technology, but more importantly in management.
Medium-product production levels are an important measure of how well a company is managed. Most members of the company management team have more than a decade of industry experience, strong business skills and extensive professional experience, which puts the quality and efficiency of the company’s management at the forefront of the industry.
Optimizing, the company has achieved international leadership in producing photo-glass substrates. 3.2. Establish stable distribution channels, tie up large customers for mutual benefit and win, and as a result of recent years, the company has established stable distribution channels with a large number of globally known photovoltaic components.
Producers have established long-term partnerships, such as Crystal Energy, Lungi shares, the Han China Group, Sunpower, Zhao and Shell oil, and the sales of the top five clients have shown an upward trend, reaching 71.72% in the first five in the first half of 2018.
The source light glass enterprise is able to enter the path of a virtuous cycle; the partnership is more stable and sustainable once the light glass enterprise succeeds in entering the list of qualified suppliers of large photovoltaic components, as the photovoltaic glass requires the carrying of a photovoltaic battery component to be certified by an authority in the exporting country, which is time-consuming and costly.
Table 14: Top five clients of the company ' s photovoltaic glass. As global photovoltaic component production moves to China year by year, the share of the company ' s internal sales revenue increases as a companion product of the component.
Glass sales are gradually shifting in favour of straight customers. Traders in photovoltaic glass sales are mostly concentrated in Japan, Taiwan, China, mainly because Japanese and Taiwan-based producers of photovoltaic components are required to build warehouses near their production sites, usually through their long-term production requirements.
Co-operated and well-known traders procure raw materials and meet real-time demand for their production supply. Figure 28: Corporate sales of photovoltaic glass products, both internally and externally, are faster than 3.3, cost advantages are significant, and the prevalence of photovoltaic glass is expected to be stable.
The output of the company's photovoltaic glass tablets limits the output of the company's photovoltaic glass products. The company's photovoltaic glass means super-white-pressure glass, which is processed on the basis of the super-white-pressure glass sheets, and the company prepares the photovoltaic glass for deep processing of the production capacity in accordance with the formula of “the original maximum production rate + the back-up capacity”. The company's photovoltaic glass tablets are virtually non-existent.
In the case of external sales, more than 99% of the photovoltaic glass originals were processed for external sale. In 2014-2017, there was no significant expansion of the company ' s photovoltaic glass, maintaining a capacity of 2,290 tons/daylight glass production.
At the end of 2017 and mid-2018, respectively, 1,000 tons of additional per day glass capacity were added, mainly in 2018. Since 2017, the company’s gross profit rate for photovoltaic glass operations has gradually returned from high to reasonable levels.
The impact of rapid growth has been a slight increase in the unit price of company sales of photovoltaic glass products, combined with a decrease in unit fuel costs and unit cost of raw materials, an increase in the company ' s Māori ratio and unit Māori, and a faster increase in net profits. In 2017, as the supply and demand of the country ' s photovoltaic glass industry gradually balanced, the price of photovoltaic glass fell.
At the same time, the rise in some raw materials and fuel prices led to a decline in the PVM rate. In terms of the impact of company PVM rates, the main factor in the increase was fuel power in 2016, and the main factor in the decline in the PV unit price in 2017.
The Māori rate of the company's photovoltaic glass business The Māori rate of the company's photovoltaic glass business influences the continued optimization of the production structure, the gradual realization of low-cost production lines, and the expected recovery of the Māori rate until 2017.
In June 2018, it produced 1,000 tons of glass per day. In June 2018, it produced 1,000 tons of glass per day. In the first half of 2019, the Foret (Viet Nam) production base was scheduled to produce 1,000 tons per day.
The country’s 1,000-ton/day kilns, 3,000-ton/day additional production capacity in An Qui Fengyang, and 1,000-ton/day production capacity in Viet Nam are expected to recover steadily, depending on lower manufacturing costs and higher production rates.
Electricity (15-20% lower than domestic costs), labour and land costs are lower, and the rate of production of 1,000 tonnes/day kilns in Vietnam is expected to exceed the rate of production of the same type of plant in the country. According to company data, in May 2018, the company’s real production statistics for the Ensign I period cost approximately $14.74/m2 per unit of light glass produced during the month.
The overall production costs will be further reduced by $3.9 per square metre compared to the original production line during the same period, a decrease of about 21 per cent. The second phase of the Ensign Production Line has entered the debugging phase in June 2018, and the company, as the leader of the industry, is able to maintain a certain level of productivity and cost advantages.
Level of Māori. The Māori rate changes in company and luminous light-glass operations in the same direction, with a breakdown of the world ' s first and second largest light glass manufacturers, with a significant size advantage over other manufacturers, with a corresponding Māori ratio higher than that of other listed companies, mainly as a result of: (1) high investment thresholds in light glass lines, and scalding production capacity.
(b) Conditions to take advantage of the advantages of procurement, with a greater bargaining power over upstream suppliers; and (c) economies in scale production, which guarantee companies ' inputs in areas such as safety, environmental protection, automation and so on, contribute to increased automation of production processes.
High barriers to the photovoltaic glass industry, high concentration, long-term experience build-up and one-stop production process, and higher initial investment in 1,000 tons/day melting of photovoltaic glass lines at $700-800 million, and lower manufacturing costs for large kilns than for ordinary kilns (large kilns require a 20-30% reduction in energy consumption to the left).
The core technology of the furnace is mainly in the hands of leading firms, with small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) relatively short of 1,000 tonnes/day capacity per year q1 (Amford III), and the Foret (Viet Nam) production base, which is planned to produce 1,000 tonnes/day capacity in the first half of 2019, with 6290 tonnes/day capacity for all post-partum companies.
The cost of photovoltaic glass consists mainly of direct materials, fuel power, direct labour and manufacturing costs.
The main components of the direct material are pure alkaline and quartz sand, fuel and power, which consist mainly of petroleum-type fuels (including heavy oil and oil coke), natural gas and electricity.
The company ' s photovoltaic glass cost splits (in terms of price, yuan/m2) figure 38: The company ' s photovoltaic glass cost splits (in percentage terms, per cent) in recent years, some of the less cost-effective combined alkaline devices and more polluting ammonia devices have gradually been phased out, and with the withdrawal of high-cost and high-polluted pure alkaline production capacity, there has been an increase in the start-up rate in the pure alkaline sector.
Since then, the price of pure alkali has fluctuated more sharply, with the pure alkali market continuing to fluctuate significantly in 2018. In 2019, the capacity of pure alkali as a whole was expected to increase, with 700,000 tons of installations planned for Henan Kinshan, Liaoning Dynasty, Luonan plant, and Hunan alkali industry starting with plans.
For the glass industry as a whole, which has the greatest demand for high-quality pure alkalis, we believe that there is less likelihood of a significant increase in pure alkali prices in 2019, probably at the same rate as the average price in 2018. The tons of high-quality quartz and sand mining rights can stabilize the company’s supply of high-quality, low-priced platinum sands and locks.
The country’s quartz sand production enterprises are generally small, with more than 1,000 enterprises engaged in quartz and sand production, and fewer enterprises with an annual capacity of more than 1 million tons. Intra-industry competition and a larger number of small- and medium-scale quartz and sand plants have made the bargaining power of the quartz and sand suppliers weak.
With a price advantage for raw materials such as pure alkaline and stone sands abroad, companies have started purchasing raw materials from offshore enterprises to reduce the optimal allocation of natural gas and oil-type fuels and lower fuel costs. To minimize the cost effects of volatile fuel prices for oil types (including heavy oil and oil coke), companies have installed oil-based fuels on glass kilns.
And the gas binary fuel system, which optimizes the deployment of natural gas and petroleum-type fuels to reduce fuel costs. The trend in the price of liquefied natural gas ($/tons) from 2014 to the present can play a significant role in increasing the efficiency of photovoltaic glass production and reducing unit energy consumption.
In the first half of 2018, there was a significant decline in the consumption of the primary units of light-voltage glass, mainly: (1) a 1,000-ton/day-voltage glass production line at the company's Emblem Production Base is gradually reaching its intended operational status, which is much more efficient than the original production line and significantly reduces the consumption of electricity per unit; and (2) Carforth, with the increase in the length of service
The combustion efficiency of some production lines has been reduced, the energy consumption per unit has increased, and the corresponding volatilization of heat has increased. The volatilization of heat has resulted in residual heat generation through the company ' s thermal cycle-surplus system, which is recycled through the production process. The replacement of steel furnaces has led to a significant reduction in the consumption of light-voltage glass deep processing electricity.
In 2017, in order to save energy, improve efficiency, buy out new steel furnaces, and reduce the amount of electricity consumed in the production of the processing process.
Oil-type fuel costs (millions of US dollars), and floating glass operations: when product structure upgrades take place, business is robust. Floating glass means that production formation processes are completed in tin tanks that enter protected gases (n2 and h).
Specifically, the melted glass continues to flow from the kiln and floats on the surface of the relatively dense tin fluid, which, as a result of gravity and surface tension, is laid and spread over the tin fluid and obtained flat-plate floating glass by fire, cut and cut. The company uses the floating glass for deep processing and home-based glass and work, depending on the customer’s needs.
Home glass products consist mainly of mirror products for decoration, steel glass for cabinet doors and slabs and other types of glass for household use; engineering glass products consist mainly of steel glass, low-e glass, middle-empty glass, laminated glass and composite products for the glass mentioned above.
As of the end of January 2019, there were 289 domestic floating glass production lines, of which 234 were produced, with a total of 155620 tons of daily melting, a decrease of 750 tons, a decrease of 0.48 per cent, a decrease of 820 tons from the ring, a large commodity, a relatively simple production process, transparent market prices and lower value added.
In an effort to enhance the value of the product, the company gives priority to the production of floating glass from the production of deep-processed products from floating glass, to the external sale of excess floating glass after the creation of household glass and engineering glass, and to the sale of the excess floating glass to the first triad. The company currently has 1,200 tons/day floating glass capacity, more than 50% of which is sold directly to the remainder.
In recent years, sales of floating glass have continued to decline, and the production of engineering glass and household glass has been on the rise. This indicates that companies are changing the structure of floating glass products and gradually upgrading floating glass (the original piece) to higher value added engineering glass and home glass.
1. In recent years, as a result of the slowdown in our macroeconomic and, in particular, real estate markets, the general floating glass market in the country has experienced overcapacity and falling prices, with more competitive and market-oriented markets.
With regard to structural excesses in the flat glass industry, the State Council ' s Office ' s Guidance for Promoting Stable Growth in the Construction Materials Industry states that by 2020, a further batch of flat glass production capacity will have to be reduced, with capacity utilization returning to reasonable areas; the flat glass production is ranked among the top 10 enterprises with a production concentration of around 60%.
The results of a study commissioned by the Ministry of Industry and Communications and the Ministry of Finance on the “13th Five” phase-out and stress reduction of excess capacity in the flat glass industry show a reasonable range of 85% to 90% of flat glass capacity utilization. Thus, the market’s “reduced” development features will become more visible during the “13th Five” period.
During 2015-2017, the volume of external sales of corporate floating glass was gradually reduced, and the price of sales rose, and the revenue from floating glass sales remained relatively stable. During the first half of 2018, the volume of floating glass sales and sales revenue declined significantly.
The floating glass produced by companies is a major commodity in the industry, the market price is transparent and the prices of manufacturers within the industry are largely similar, and the differences in the Māori ratio among companies are mainly due to differences in the size of floating glass kilns and differences in the procurement costs of some raw materials and fuel.
The company's floating glass unit price, cost and Maori engineering glass are used mainly in the construction of doors and windows, glass curtain walls, etc., with the advantages of beauty, safety, energy efficiency, etc., and is divided mainly into safe glass, plating glass, medium-space energy-efficient glass, etc.
The use of energy-efficient windows and windows in buildings can effectively reduce energy consumption in buildings, effectively reduce the country’s energy scarcity, and coincide with the country’s goal of reducing energy efficiency.
Engineering glass is divided mainly into plating (mainly low-e plating) and non-plating (non-film), depending on the process, into the broad categories of plating (for plating products only), single glass, medium-air energy-efficient glass, rubber-coated glass, and composite medium-space energy-efficient glass.
There is a demand for customization that meets the characteristics of its own project, while the needs of its clients vary, resulting in large differences in the formulation and process of the order work glass at the time of production, and in the corresponding sales prices and costs.
Window materials, with a reflection ratio of more than 80% for medium- and long-range infrareds (2.5-25 μm), can maintain indoor heat radiation during winter, reduce heat consumption, and reduce the cooling energy consumption of buildings by blocking heat outside rooms during summer.
Low-e plating glass production processes are relatively small, and labour and manufacturing costs are relatively low during production. Product structure upgrades have resulted in the conversion of existing floating glass kilns into online low-radiation glass production lines. The company converted the existing 600-ton/day floating glass-melting kiln technology into an online low-radiation glass production line with an annual capacity of 100,000 tons.
In addition, the company has two offline low-radiation glass production lines, with an annual processing volume of 5.8 million square metres. In recent years, the share of sales of company low-e plating glass has increased from less than 50 per cent in 2015 to 71 per cent in the first half of 2018.
Home glass has the characteristics of small quantities, multi-species, heavy design, heavy processes, the main products of which are environmental mirrors, steel glass, sanded glass, roasted glass, colored glass, etc. As economic development and consumption rises, places such as home, office, entertainment, etc. are constantly improving, and people are safe, energy-efficient, comfortable with glass, etc.
More than 80% of the company’s home glass products are sold out, and the main customers are IKEA’s home and its oem manufacturers, and are relatively high-end. Since 2005, the company has passed a certification of the Swedish family as a large trans-national retailer.
Qualified and stable suppliers in the IKEA global supply chain. In recent years, there has been an overall upward trend in the share of manufacturers of IKEA and its oem in glass. Figure 55: Manufacturers of IKEA and its designated household goods in glass
Home glass prices and unit costs were stable, with increased unit costs as a result of rising prices of raw materials and fuel markets in the first half of 2018.
Photovoltaic glass: The company’s photovoltaic glass production capacity continues to expand, with clear advantages in the cost of new expansion capacity; benefiting light voltage demand is rising upwards and the replacement of two-bond components is expected to continue to grow.
Daily capacity is expected to start in q1 in 2019; 1,000 tons/day capacity in Viet Nam is expected to start in the first half of 2019. All postnatal companies will have 6290 tons/day capacity, of which four 1,000 tons of kilns will be newly built after 2017.
A significant cost advantage, with Ann's first phase cost down by about 21%. In Vietnam, the company opened up the road to overseas expansion, benefiting from the lower cost of stone and gold sand, electricity, labour and land in Viet Nam, where 1,000 tons/day of kilns are expected to produce more Māori in the production line than the same type of plant in the country, and the cost advantage is even greater.
2 Floating glass, engineering glass, home glass: the company is changing the floating glass product structure, gradually upgrading the floating glass to high-value-added engineering glass and home glass. The company converted the existing 600-ton/day floating glass-melting kiln technique into an online low-radiation glass production line with an annual capacity of 100,000 tons, and the change has been completed.
And we've started a trial production phase in 2018q2. We're predicting a growth rate in floating glass business from 2018 to 2020, as we look at the company as a photovoltaic glass tap, the accelerated expansion of low-cost production capacity, the higher demand for light-voltage machines and the replacement of dual-bond components, and the expected growth of the market share.
For the first time, coverage gave a “strongly recommended” rating. Photovoltaic demand fell short of expectations, photovoltaic glass prices fell faster than expected, and new capacity was released less than expected.