FLET (601865.sh) Bought (first rating) Pulse glass taps, producing capacity to release reboot growth Pulse glass taps reboot to growth: the company broke its foreign monopoly on technology as early as 2006
Photovoltaic glass is produced in the country, and by the end of 2015 port stock was listed and the capacity to restart was expanded. By the end of 2018, the company had 4290 tons per day of photovoltaic glass production, the second largest in the world, or close to 20%.
Photoglass accounts for more than 70% of the company’s earnings, while other products include floating methods, engineering/home-based deep-processed glass. The cost-effectiveness of two-sided power generation components is clear and will accelerate penetration, with photovoltaic glass benefiting directly:
2.5 mm glass prices are gradually rationalized, dual-sided power generation components are expected to achieve the same manufacturing costs as normal monocrystal components, back-generation gains are expected to result in net additional gains, while also obtaining better tolerance and full life-cycle power generation, clear value for money, and mass release of perc battery production.
The penetration rate is expected to increase rapidly. The same number of double-faced/double-bond components will generate about 60% of new glass demand (2.5mmvs.a 3.2mm) compared to the normal single-bond components.
Photovoltaic glass demand will increase from less than 10 per cent in 2018 to 20-30 per cent, based on the 2019 scenario of 120gw (+20 per cent yoy) and double-faced/double-bond penetration, with only about 15 per cent additional effective capacity, and improved supply-demand relations are expected to boost the restoration of glass prices.
The glazing industry has a good competitive pattern and the product specification switch has increased its share of the poles: it has multiple barriers to entry/extension, such as technology, size, finance, resources, customers, etc., for many years without new entrants, and two poles have relied on costs of more than 10 percentage points in comparison with other competitors.
We expect a significant increase in the concentration of the photovoltaic glass industry over the next two to three years, with the company’s share expected to rise from about 17% in 2018 to over 25%. The product specification shift to 2.5mm due to the increased penetration of dual-sided/double-bond components will accelerate this process.
The company is strong in the light glass industry, growing steadily with the release of new capacity and increasing profits (8621) 61038279
The global penetration rate of additional installed or dual-surface power generation components has not improved as expected: the build-up of company capacity has not progressed as expected; the phase-out of industry capacity has not been as fast as expected.
In the area of deep-dry glass, the country’s pioneer in the photovoltaic glass industry, Inc., was established in 1998, converted into a joint-stock company in 2005 and placed on the market in Hong Kong in 2015 (6865.hk). In its early years, the company was involved in trading glass products.
In 2006, the company took the lead in breaking the technological monopoly of foreign giants on photovoltaic glass and became the country’s first firm to obtain Swiss spf recognition, entering the optical glass industry.
In 2008, the company began production of its first 300t/d light glass production line. In 2011, the company set fire to its first floating glass kiln, which began producing the floating glass sheet itself, and 300t/d each of the industrial chains and product lines, with the second largest capacity in the world. In addition, the company has an additional 2000t/d capacity.
In 2019, after delivery, the company ' s photovoltaic glass capacity will be raised to 6290t/d, distributed mainly in Ka-hing, An Xi Fengyang, Zhejiang, and is preparing to build Viet Nam ' s production base. The company ' s main products include photovoltaic glass, floating glass, engineering glass and home glass.
Photovoltaic glass accounts for more than 70 per cent of revenue and profits are close to 75 per cent.
The company ' s operating income in 2017 was 2,991 million yuan per annum, an increase of 0.8 per cent per annum. The reason was that, although there were varying degrees of increases in the price of photovoltaic glass raw materials and fuel at the time of the glazing glass, the company ' s overall Māori ratio was only 27.8 per cent, a decrease of 9.05 percentage points from the same period. In addition, the cost rate rose from 9.49 per cent to 9.49 per cent over the period.
The increase in the cost of company sales is due to the shift in the mode of trading of some customers (e.g., sunpower) from trading through traders to direct transactions to ddp trading, in which transportation, insurance and customs clearance costs are borne by companies. Moreover, they are affected by the appreciation of the renminbi.
The company incurred currency exchange losses of $23,384.1 million in 2017 and increased financial costs over the previous year. The decline in floating glass revenue was due to the company ' s increasing proportion of deep processing, converting 600t/d floating glass lines to 100,000 tons of annual production of low-e glass online.
Photovoltaic glass operations: With the company ' s low-cost new capacity released centrally between 2018 and 2020, the company ' s photovoltaic glass sales will increase rapidly. The global photovoltaic capacity maintained at more than 20% growth in 2019 is certainly highly qualified, with an increase in the penetration of both-faced components and a projected increase in the demand for photovoltaic glass.
20 to 30 per cent, combined with a net supply increase of about 15 per cent, improved supply and demand patterns, and a return of product prices estimated at $2.3 billion per day, $3.6 billion per year, and 4.4 billion per day per floating glass/deeply processed glass from 2018q2 to 2020, respectively: 600 tons per day of a floating glass cellar.
Changes are expected to accelerate the sales of corporate engineering glass since 2019, with the proportion of deep processing continuing to rise, with a corresponding decrease in the annual sales of floating glass, and a consequent decrease in the volume of floating glass outlet.
The overall performance of the deep-processed glass business will continue to grow. ▪ We have selected comparable companies as a reference for the relative valuation of the company in both shares/port stock markets, a share of which is Pyre 2019, pe about 2019, and a stock flow method/deep.
The average income/profit share of the company’s photovoltaic glass business is higher, one of the two leading companies in the photovoltaic glass industry, and we give the company 2019e 20 times the speed of its higher performance over the next two years.
The two-sided/double-bond component accelerates the penetration of the industry, the photovoltaic taps are always strong, the two-sided power generation component has a clear value for money and will become more widely available, the photovoltaic glass has been identified as beneficial, and the two-sided cell module has undergone process changes in the battery and assembly chain.
The single-bond component has a different envelope structure of 3.2 mm light-voltage glass + backboard. The two-bond component is inverse. 2.5 mm light-voltage glass is used on both sides (currently the main route, with the potential for further reduction in the future) and all properties, such as weather tolerance, heat capacity, etc. are optimized.
Use a thin grid similar to the top of aluminium printing, with the back covered from a full aluminium layer to a local aluminium layer. The back-to-back entry light can enter the battery from an area not covered by the ai layer, achieve a double-face PV function, increase the light area of the battery, thereby generating a 5-30% increase in power generation and performance and suitability.
A step-by-step enhancement. (A detailed description and analysis of two-sided double-bolith battery assemblies can be found in our depth report of 17 September 2018, " Photovoltaic flat prices on the Internet " , series II. Costly and cost-effective components technology will meet the core conclusion that a 2.5 mm photovoltaic glass premium is expected to be eliminated in the short term, with a reasonable price of a double-bob component.
With no increase in manufacturing costs (modes/blocks) compared to single-bond components, back-generation gains will become a net off-the-shelf gain, while also obtaining better tolerance and full-life capacity for double-bond components, so that two-sided generation components will have the potential to have a clear value-for-money advantage and a significant increase in penetration.
Logic I: The price of 2.5 mm light glass will be rationalized gradually, with a projected price reduction of 16%. 2.5mm light glass currently has a premium (in terms of profit per unit) on 3.2 mm glass, mainly due to a low supply. The current supply of 2.5mm glass glass is mainly from around 250t/d for small businesses.
Small production lines, on the one hand, are more expensive and difficult to compete with large firms in the area of 3.2 mm photovoltaic glass; on the other hand, thin (2-3mm) and thick (19-20mm) glass production processes are more difficult, while small kilns produce thin glass with relatively high technical maturity.
When the market is small, the order volume of 2.5 mm glass may be difficult to cover even a 1,000-ton reduced production of glass from the production line, and the main manufacturer does not have the power to make technical changes to the kiln. The pilot is a pioneer in the application of photovoltaic technology, with a penetration rate of about 10% of the dual-faced power generation component in 2018.
However, in the third round of bid for 38 projects at the 8th Base for the application of the pilot, the bidding firm submitted 54 double-sided technology requests, with a combined two-sided winning bid of 2.58gw, or 52%, with an increase in penetration already premonitioned. Perc+2.45gw, p+2p=100mw, and a double-sided bid of 200mw.
▪ Based on the calculations in the chart above, 1 ton of raw glass production can produce approximately 112 square metres of 2.5 mm light-volved glass to meet the production needs of about 10.3kw bipolar components.
102gw, with less than 10% of the permeability, i.e., less than 10gw for the components, less than 1 million tonnes of production capacity, and about 2700t/d equivalent to solar melting. If global photovoltage demand is 120gw in 2019 and the permeability rate rises to 25%, the demand for glass will increase to about 2.92 million tonnes.
With the increase in demand for 2.5 mm light glass, large-scale production line techniques have gradually become economical, and some large-scale photovoltaic glass plants have begun to move forward.
We believe that the reasonable price of 2.5 mm thin glass should be anchored at cost. Similarly, the plating glass used to be. The cost of glass plating is only around $1 per square metre, as a new product.
The premium at the time of birth was over $10 per square metre, and now the price difference between steeled (unplated) glass and plating glass falls to $1 per square metre, reflecting only the difference in cost.
The reasonable price of glass should be about 20% lower than that of 3.2mm glass. The current price of 3.2mm glass is about 24 yuan per square metre, while 2.5mm glass is about 19 yuan per square metre. But the reality is that the 2.5mm glass currently has a premium of about 5% of the 3.2mm glass, which is only one dollar less, due to a lower supply.
So, as the 2.5 mm glass returns to a reasonable price, the price drops by about 16%. Logical two: Under a reasonable glass price, the cost of the two-bond component is no different from the absolute cost of the single-bond component.
The backboards are currently priced at about $15 per square metre, 3.2 mm light-voltage glass at about 24 yuan per square metre, 60 feet in 1650 mm*992 mm, and the single-procedure components require a single sheet and 3.2 mm glass, which together amounts to about 64 yuan per block. Two 2.5 mm glass units of the same size are required for the same size.
The cost of a single tile of a component is about 63 yuan per block. The cost of a single tile of a component is about 0.003 yuan per w below the cost of a single component of a component of a component. That is, after the 2.5 mm glass price premium has been eliminated, the cost of a component of a component of a dual product can be equal to or even lower than that of a traditional component of a single component, even if efficiency gains are not taken into account.
First, the high life + low decay of the two-bond components. The backboard material of the individual components is an organic material that can penetrate the backboards and cause rapid degradation of the eva resins, which decomposition products contain acetic acid.
Acetic acid corrode the silver fences, swath belts, etc. on photovoltaic batteries, reducing the power generation efficiency of the components from year to year. The zero permeability of the glass reduces the power consumption of the components and increases the efficiency of the generation.
Based on the same 25-year life cycle of the power plant, about 2.7 per cent of the electricity generated by the two-bolith (one-sided power generation) assembly is increased, and up to 21 per cent of the electricity generated if the five-year life span is increased.
In addition, half of the high-efficiency components such as mbb are compatible with the two-faced power generation technology and can be superimposed.
The extreme shield is reduced by a combination of power increases of 5~10w in silver consumption and 10~25w in double-sided + half-piece +mb technology, 5~30% in power generation, and the maximum power cost is reduced by more than 20% under the same installation conditions.
Logic III: Future real gains may be more than anticipated. In hardware configuration, two-bond components can be designed for up to 1,500 v system voltage compared to 1,000 v system, with fewer serials and less damage to the straight-end line, increasing the efficiency of electricity generation by 0.2%.
Modules/w), but currently two-bond components without aluminium frames are perishable and unserviceable, the above measurements are still based on the cost of encapsulating aluminium frames. In the future, as the components are capped and installed, it is possible that the two-bond components will leave the aluminium border, thereby further reducing the cost of manufacturing.
Two-sided power generation, as a technological and technological advance that has changed significantly in the development of component technology, is expected to rise rapidly in the coming years, with the completion of the popularization of end-station investors over the past two years and the validation of the economic benefits of an increasing number of two-sided power generation plants.
The demand side: demand for 2019 is projected to increase by 25 to 30 per cent.
In 2019, more than 20 per cent of the world ' s additional installed aircraft are expected to grow. In 2018, 44gw domestic light voltage is expected to be around 102gw worldwide. In 2019, the domestic market as a whole is expected to maintain a long and determined acceleration, with many countries/areas already having the lowest cost of the power source, and global loading is expected to be on the top.
Cost-sensitive markets, such as India, have accelerated: Europe’s Mip removed the boost of the engine; the United States’ “robbery” component in 2017 had an impact on its elimination, with a 5% tariff reduction of 201; and the Middle East, South America,
The growth in demand for glass is boosted by the increase in the penetration rate of two-sided power generation components. Although the amount of blocks used for the two-bond component has increased to two, the penetration rate for the original plate (in tons) is therefore double-bond in terms of demand.
The increase will significantly increase the demand for the photovoltaic glass. In the preceding paragraph, we have measured about 6.1 tons of photovoltaic glass from the production of the 1gw binary component, and about 97,000 tons of glass from the production of the 1gw monopolymer component, i.e. an equal number of bipolar components compared to the photovoltaic glass from the single component.
Thus, the growth in the demand for photovoltaic glass will be driven by an increase in global photovoltage + a rise in the penetration of two-bob components. Assuming that in 2019 the amount of photovoltage will reach 120gw (20% faster) and the penetration rate will rise to 25% (15 percentage points higher), the demand for the photovoltage glass will be reduced.
▪ We have a sensitive analysis of the increase in photovoltaic glass demand in 2019: even in a very pessimistic situation, with a global addition of 115gw and a double-breed penetration rate of 15%, the increase in the demand for photovoltaic glass is still 16%. We expect that the global increase in photovoltaics will be around 16% in 2019.
120gw, pivot penetration is expected to rise to 20 to 30%, corresponding to photovoltaic glass demand  as at 31 December 2018, 24 per cent of the country's super-white-pressureed glass were in production, 38 kilns, 126 production lines, and a total capacity of 20890 tonnes per day.
In January 2019, total capacity declined slightly to 20590 tons per day. The additional light glass capacity in 2018 consisted mainly of 1,000 tons of production lines in Frett Fengyang.
In addition, according to our statistics, about 1,200 tons of production lines went into cold repair before 2018.
The 800-ton production line was closed in 2018 and has been regenerated. The current peak in the production of photovoltaic glass capacity was mainly in 2010-2013 and 2016-2017, with virtually no expansion in 2018 except for taps.
The production line usually stops for 6-8 months or so, with a life span of 7-10 years or so. According to this estimate, the first half of 2015-2018 (before the 531 policy) was hyperpredictable, glass prices were higher and old capacity was delayed, without taking into account the economy of the production line.
Shutting down; with high demand, high prices, a relaxed competitive environment, behind-the-shelf high-cost production and clean-up are less frequent. Although the lower prices in the second half of 2018 are close to or even exceeded the cash costs of small factories, the lower prices are not enough long enough. Moreover, as noted earlier, some of the small-scale production capacity has been converted through technology.
On the one hand, there has been a fall in the price of light glass, and on the other hand, the old line has increased further with longer operating hours, and the profit margin has been reduced: the other side has been unable to sustain the decline.
Malaysia’s production line at the end of the year has taken its share of the market. Moreover, large firms have moved into the production of 2.5 mm light-voltage glass, and even if the increase in the permeability of the two-breed system has kept the thin glass from being severely oversupplyed, the premium will gradually disappear, and the glass sector will no longer be a safe haven for small-scale production.
In August and June 2018, respectively, work began on the 900-ton line south of the Anchae Gokko river and on the 650-ton line of the Yamatun brand.
By the end of 2019, production was expected to make a modest contribution, even if it was successful, considering that it would take some time to climb the production capacity. With regard to cold and decommissioning lines, although most of the production lines were completed in 2016-18
▪ Photovoltaic glass prices are likely to rise in 2019, and the annual average is expected to return to $25-26 per square metre, with business profitability improving. Photovoltaic glass prices fell by more than 30% in 2018 at a low point compared to early 2018, with a low point.
The cost line for marginal production energy falls around $20-22 per square metre. Photovoltaic glass cost structure is relatively rigid, corporate cost gradients are stable, and the low price of 2018q3 is basically the recovery of glass prices after October 2018, and the price rises faster after December, table.
The pattern of industry competition is good, with product structure moving to 2.5 mm to higher accelerated concentration, clear patterns of competition, and the leading share will continue to grow: like the monosilica industry three years ago.
It is believed that the current photovoltaic glass industry is similar to the monocrystal silicon industry three years ago, and that Shinji and Fullet are expected to achieve an overall improvement in size, market share, industry location and performance, as was the Lungi and Central Ring three years ago.
In 2014, the top five global producers of single crystal silicon, led by Lungi and Central Ring, together accounted for about two thirds of the world ' s market share, with Lungi accounting for about 20 - 25%. In 2015 - 2017, Lungi and Central Ring gained significant cost advantages.
With production expanding at a rate far higher than that of the other rivals, the market share continues to rise, gradually forming a double-bond pattern, with the combined cities accounting for nearly 60%, with Lungi accounting for between 35% and 40%. On the light glass side, in terms of state-of-the-art capacity, the two leading figures are the combined market share of Fullet.
More than 50% of them, 32% of them faith, and 19% of them Fullet, both of which are technology- and capital-intensive industries. On the technical side, there is a clear gap between the technology levels of single-crysilica producers and the silicone-crystal chain, and technologically advanced enterprise products.
High-quality, low-production costs. Plumbing glass lines are more difficult to operate, while large lines have a clear cost advantage. On the capital side, single crystal silicon and photovoltaic glass extension cycles and investment recovery periods are longer, and production processes are more controlled.
With regard to the trends in industry patterns, there is now a rapid expansion of production capacity, and other firms have little expansion. According to current business expansion plans, there is a need to increase production capacity.
When Shinyi and Fullet are both in the process of building production lines, assuming that all other business expansion plans are achievable (mainly Anchae, Yamaton) and considering that about 10 per cent of small output will be withdrawn over the next two years, the combined market share of the two leaders will be close to 60 per cent.
Figure 33: Photovoltaic glass (per-white) production distribution in China (2018) Figure 34: Photovoltaic glass (per-white) production distribution in China (2020e)
Fred, unlike the other links in the photovoltaic manufacturing industry chain, glazing glass is slowly being upgraded, and the subsequent advantage is not obvious, or even pre-emptive.
The first enterprises to enter the industry have gained significant advantages in the areas of finance, quality and certification, customer relations, scale effects and technology, and have set industry entry thresholds: Financial thresholds: investment in photovoltaic glass lines requires substantial funding, including, but not limited to, equipment purchases,
Raw materials storage, environmental compliance and sales expenses (an investment of about $600-70 million in 1,000 tons of day-melting lines). In addition, because of the differences between floating glass and photovoltaic glass production techniques, production lines cannot afford to have an advantage of each other's size: in the production of photovoltaic glass, large furnaces can usually be used to achieve low energy consumption.
Low depreciation, centralized purchases of raw materials and spread of fixed costs achieves economies of scale. ... Substantially reduce the unit cost of photovoltaic glass, thereby achieving a higher Māori rate and generating productive capacity relative to small businesses and larger production lines of more than tons.
Technical advantage: Plasma glass must have a high permeability and a high level of resistance to shocks. For plating, glass permeability can generally reach 93.5%, compared to only about 86% of normal floating glass. The optical glass manufacturing techniques are more advanced than normal glass to meet requirements. Shinyo and Fretel have always been light.
In 2009, 2014 and 2016, Shinji pioneered the breakthrough of 500 tons, 900 tons, 1,000 tons on the current single line, followed by Frett. Area layout: layout close to the assembly/traffic hub, and Shinji and Fretel have their own docks.
Transport costs can be saved. Especially in South-East Asia, raw materials are more price-efficient, and some countries’ special tariffs on China can be avoided. Client resources: glazing glass is long for certification on the component side, and components need to be exported overseas.
For certification in overseas countries, the assembly plant does not simply change its main supplier and has a high brand loyalty, thus creating a huge barrier to new entrants. Each component has its own glass owner, which accounts for 40-50% or more of its demand.
It is too small to guarantee the stability of the supply to be the main supplier of the mainstream component. Moreover, the concentration of the component chain is increasing and will boost the market share of its main supplier. Foret and Shinji are now covering almost all mainstream component manufacturers around the world.
It needs to be emphasized that the gaps in technology and size are difficult to bridge. For example, while increasing single-line size can lead to significant drops and a relatively mature multi-melt production-line key provider in the industry, ultimately the inter-line size of more than 1,000 tons per day is only Sini and Fretel.
For enterprises with inadequate technology, the production cost of 1,000 tons of lines may be higher than the lower day-melting line.
In aggregate, technology, scale, qualifications, layout, and customer resources constitute barriers to industry entry and expansion of capacity. In this context, technology and single-line size ultimately affect and are directly reflected in production costs, which ultimately determine whether firms will expand their production.
Other firms have little expansion, leading firms are strong and their share will continue to grow.
The company’s photovoltage glass refers to super-white-pressureed glass, which is processed on the basis of super-white-pressurized glass sheets. The company prepares the photovoltaic glass deep-processed production capacity in accordance with the formula “highest yield + back-up capacity.”
From 2015 to 2017, the company ' s photovoltaic glass business was constrained by the company ' s own capacity bottlenecks, and sales remained essentially stable. Although 1,000 tons of new production became operational at the end of 2017, it did not contribute to production in that year, and supply easing led to a single price of 2017q1 to q3 light glass due to the release of a large amount of productive capacity in the industry.
In the first half of 2018, sales income recovered with the release of 1,000 tons of production capacity on the first line and the maintenance of high prices of the glass on the second line. With the second line of the company, the third line of the company, the third line of the company, the second line of the company, the second line of the company, the second line of the company, the second line of the company, the second line of the company, the second line of the company, the second line of the company, the second line of the company, the second line of the company, the second line of the company, the second line of the company, the second line of the company, the second line of the company, the second line of the company, the second line of the country, the second line of the country, the second line of the country, the second line of the country, the second line of the country, the third line of the country.
Production, the company is expected to generate 13 per cent per cent per annum from 2018 to 2020, and, with the annual transfer of global photovoltaic component capacity to China, the share of company exports of photovoltaic glass has declined. In 2017, the share of company exports of photovoltaic glass (in monetary terms) was about 44 per cent.
Photovoltaic glass costs consist mainly of direct materials (41 per cent) and fuel power (41 per cent), consisting mainly of pure alkaline and stone sand, and fuel power mainly of petroleum-type fuels, electricity and natural gas.
On the price side, gas and electricity prices generally fluctuate with government-directed price fluctuations, and oil-type fuel prices are associated with fluctuations in the price of fuel oil on the domestic market. In 2017, domestic fuel oil prices rose rapidly, with some regions rising by more than 50 per cent compared to their low point in 2016, so the light glass is scalding.
In 2017, the cost of fuel power per unit increased. In 2017, the price of pure base rose rapidly, and prices of other supplements also showed an upward trend. The decline in the purchase price of graphite sand was not sufficient to offset the impact, so the cost of direct materials per unit rose.
In terms of energy consumption, the efficiency of fuel use is associated with the efficiency of the use of production equipment, the effects of scalability and the quantity of fuel.
The production process is divided into two main stages of production and back-processing.
The production process is dominated by the consumption of natural gas, petroleum fuels and electricity, while the back-track processing process is more expensive with the original 2015 production of electricity billes, as the installation of denitrified environmental equipment had an impact on the company ' s ability to generate electricity using the residual heat of the public oven in that year, resulting in a decrease in self-generation.
The relatively high consumption was due to the high demand in the photovoltaic glass market during the year, when companies operated production lines at a high capacity to increase the demand for their products. In 2016, Carfu produced 500 tons of optical glass tablets, and the kiln production line maintained a year-long increase in production in the case of thermal repairs.
Larger. The apparent decline in processing power consumption after 2017, compared to the previous two years, was due to the replacement of new steel furnaces, which reduced energy consumption.
Figure 41: Corporate unit cost (m/m2) for photovoltaic glass production of approximately 8,000-8,500 kcal/m3; oil heat in petroleum fuel of about 8,300-8600 kcal/kq and other petroleum fuel heat of about 9,000-9500 kcal/kg; the above-mentioned fuel calculations for natural gas, petroleum fuel, etc. are theoretically estimated and the fuel heat in the actual procurement process varies from batch to batch
In 2006, the company took the lead in breaking the technological monopoly of foreign giants on super-white-pressure glass, taking advantage of super-white pressure, pioneering the glass market, and gradually establishing a company’s leading position in the light glass industry.
The company’s technology level, single-line size, cost and profitability, total production capacity, and city share are in the first row. Since then, the company’s new production line has been 1,000 tons.
Production structures have been effective in reducing the company’s production costs of photovoltaic glass. The cost advantage has been further translated into higher profitability, with the Māori ratio between 20 and 30% in Sini and Fullet, while the gross share of other firms is far higher than that of second-tier producers.
Shares and competitive advantages will be further enhanced and expanded. Figure 44: Firms have a significant competitive advantage in the photovoltaic sector. In 2006, companies succeeded in achieving photovoltaic glass through autonomous research and development as the first domestic firm to break the international giant's technological and market monopoly on photovoltaic glass.
Companies are at the forefront of the industry in key technologies such as photovoltaic glass formulations, production processes, and self-explosive rate control. As far back as 2008, the company’s photovoltaic glass was tested by the world-renowned Photovoltaic Battery Company, Sharp, Japan, for product quality at the same level as the internationally known optical glass manufacturer, Japanese Xiathium, Pilkinton, and San Goban, France.
The company was one of the first companies to enter the photovoltaic glass industry in the country and was one of the authors of the country ' s standards for the photovoltaic glass industry, and participated in the development of Solar Glass No. 1: Super-White Laser Glass (gb/t30984.1-2015), Standards for Energy Consumption of Photovoltile Glass Unit Products (gb30252-2013), Sun
National standards and lines, such as the Pre-Opportunity Refrigeration Glass Standard for Photovoltaic Components (jc/t2170-2013) and the Solar Cell Glass Standard (jc/t2001-2009), used to rely mainly on imports for domestic procurement and established good cooperative relationships with companies.
The company’s certification, which is time-consuming and costly, makes it possible to have a stable and sustained partnership once the glazing industry succeeds in entering the list of qualified suppliers of large photovoltaic components. As a result of recent developments, the company has established a stable distribution channel and established a long-term partnership with a large number of world-renowned photovoltaic component manufacturers, such as crystallizers, which, after more than a decade of sedimentation, have developed a well-developed internal quality control system, good product quality, and a good “Foreit” product in the industry.
The company now owns 3990 tonnes per day of photovoltaic glass production, the second largest in the world, with a share of about 19% in the domestic market. Large-scale production lines improve the efficiency of photovoltaic glass production.
A reduction in energy consumption per unit can do much better. An upgrade of 500 tons to 1,000 tons could reduce energy consumption by 10-15%. Companies thus earn more than their competitors.
Management advantages. Most members of the company’s management team have more than 10 years of industry experience, strong business skills, professional experience, professionalism, and team coherence.
Team management experience, strong learning skills and innovation put companies at the forefront of the industry in terms of quality and efficiency of their management. Through continuous technological and process optimization and improved management efficiency, companies have achieved international leadership in the production of their photovoltaic base sheets.
Relaunching capacity expansion, strengthening the edge of overseas construction plants The firm expansion of production in the 2012 - 2013 industrial valley continued, doubling production capacity, and the city ' s share rose significantly, creating a leadership position, while achieving a rapid increase in the performance of light glass operations; 2014 - 2016
The expansion of production capacity stagnated owing to insufficient funding; the company began to reboot capacity expansion in 2017. By the end of 2018, the company had a capacity of 4290 tons per day for photovoltaic glass tablets, of which 3990 tons per day were produced, 300 tons per day for cold repairs and 2,000 tons per day were under construction.
The company will have a total production capacity of 6290 tons per day of photovoltaic glass tablets. Figure 46: The company’s photovoltaic glass prototype production planning (t/d) will further consolidate the cost advantage and leader status of the plant in Viet Nam.
The construction of 1,000 tons of light-voltage glass lines, with a total investment of $173 million, began in April 2017. The construction process was well under way, with most of the plant infrastructure completed in mid-2018 and key production facilities foreseen for suppliers expected to be operational in the first half of 2019. Another 1,000 tons is still in place.
In terms of raw materials, Viet Nam’s sea sands are rich, cheap, and of high quality. 70% of the weight of light glass comes from sands, while the domestic manufacturers use sands mostly from imports, so raw materials are taken locally.
Material can also significantly reduce the cost of transporting raw materials. For fuel power, Viet Nam’s natural gas is based on international crude oil prices, which are currently lower than domestic prices; industrial electricity prices are less than 0.5 yuan/degrees.
In addition, Vietnam’s wage levels for workers in photovoltaic plants are 2000-2500/month, about 8-10 years ago in the country, with lower labour costs. Due to overseas inversions and cheap factors of production, photovoltaic component production began to shift to South-East Asian countries, such as Viet Nam.
In Viet Nam, the company’s first 1,000-ton production line in the south of Viet Nam is intended for delivery to local assembly plants. Near customers can provide a ton of production line or export to other overseas countries.
Floating/deep-processed glass: A steady upturn, deep-processed scale-up optimized business structure Floating glass is a original glass, which can be further processed for deep-processed glass products such as home glass and engineering glass. Deep-processed glass has high value added and has less volatility in the Māori rate, so company floating glass first
The company ' s revenue from floating glass sales continued to decline from 2014 to 2017, mainly due to an increase in self-service ratios.
In terms of prices, owing to the slowdown in the country ' s macroeconomic and, in particular, real estate markets in recent years, the country ' s average floating glass experienced overcapacity and continued price decline between 2010 and 2015, with strong market competition and the elimination of backward capacity, production lines and active capacity from 2014 to 2015
Since then, floating glass prices have risen and become highly marketed as a commodity with low value added, and market prices have been transparent and largely similar to those of manufacturers. On the cost side, similar to photovoltaic glass, floating glass costs are mainly direct materials (44%) and combustion.
Material power (38%). Direct fuels include pure alkaline, quartz sand, fuel power including petroleum fuels, electricity, and natural gas. The higher unit cost of floating glass in 2015 was due to the company ' s installation of denitrification environmental equipment on the Flying Powder production line, during which gas was used for the production of fuel.
The thermal energy required for production can be provided by natural gas or oil-type fuels. Natural gas has the advantage of being clean compared to oil-type fuels, with a high permeability of floating glass and a low amount of microbush, but at a relatively high cost. The higher cost in 2017 was due to higher prices for raw materials, pure base, and major fuel purchases.
Engineering glass: mainly steeled glass, low-e glass, medium-empty glass, laminated glass and composite products of the aforementioned glass, mainly in the areas of building doors and windows, glass curtain walls, etc. In 2014-2017, the growth in sales of corporate engineering glass led to a rapid increase in sales, with a Māori ratio
Around 25 per cent fluctuated, engineering glass types varied and customized according to user needs, and production processes and cycles varied widely so that it was not possible to accurately calculate capacity.
The process and the materials used in the production of glass are different, so changes in product structure will lead to fluctuations in cost structures, unit costs, and average sales prices. Of this, the low-low-e glass processing process and the relatively low labour and manufacturing costs involved in the production process.
The sales revenue as a percentage of total sales of engineering glass increased from 50 per cent to 69 per cent, resulting in the construction glass as a whole, with an annual production capacity of 100,000 tons of "100 000 tonnes of online low-e plating glass project" designed to produce 3 mm-12 mm thick plating glass.
The plating process was added directly to the process, and the project was modified by floating glass, with 2018q2 completed and put into trial production. The total investment was 225 million yuan, of which 95 million yuan was invested in online plating and 125 million yuan in line manufacturing.
low-e glass is in line with our energy-saving reduction objectives, with construction energy consumption accounting for more than 30% of the total energy consumption of society, construction windows and windows accounting for about 50% of the energy consumption of buildings, and the use of energy-efficient windows and windows can effectively reduce the energy consumption of buildings. We still have a low penetration rate of low-e glass compared to developed countries.
Market demand is expected to continue to rise. After the project is completed, the company will become the leading domestic firm with online, offline plating products, further enriching the company’s product lines, increasing the area of use, consolidating and improving the market position of the company.
Home glass: consists mainly of mirror products for decoration, steel glass for cabinet doors and slabs, and other types of glass for home use, with small, multi-species, re-design and process characteristics. Similar to engineering glass, home glass is also customized, with costs and prices uncertain.
It is also difficult to calculate accurate output. Corporate household glass revenues accelerated in 2015-2017, with sales growth driven by an equal 18% increase in 2017, unit prices, unit costs, and Maori companies working in the home glass sector for many years, experienced and established long-term business relationships with their clients.
In 2005-2006, the company ' s home glass products and production lines passed a strict audit of IKEA and became its qualified supplier. IKEA was founded in 1943 as the world ' s largest furniture household owner, and the main current customer of the home glass is the IKEA Internationalgroup and its logo.
Manufacturer of household goods. IKEA purchases directly from the company mainly home mirror products with different specifications: its oem manufacturer procures from the company other types of glass for various uses, such as cabinet doors and steeled glass for shelf use, which is located at the OEM manufacturing site.
From 2015 to 2017, IKEA and its oem manufacturers increased their sales revenue and their share of total household glass sales revenue, and they worked with IKEA for many years in a mutually beneficial and mutually beneficial manner, with a strong relationship between IKEA and its home-based products.
The oem manufacturer designated the company as one of the home glass suppliers to provide home glass samples and quotations to the oem manufacturer for screening by the oem manufacturer; if a successful offer from the oem manufacturer was made, IKEA would charge annually a proportion of the company's sales revenue to the oem manufacturer.
As a reward. Benefit sharing is less than anticipated in recent years than the revenue of IKEA and its oem manufacturers and their share of the fast-growing downstream loader. If global photovoltaic additions are less than expected due to domestic policy tightening and less than expected growth in overseas demand, the company’s photoglass product will be sold.
The company’s capacity is being built at a slower rate than expected. The company is currently working on 1,000 tons of production lines in Viet Nam, and is expected to start production in the first half of 2019.
With the expected increase in the demand for the two-bond component in 2019, large-scale plant-line entry into the 2.5 mm glass sector will phase out 200-300 tonnes of small-scale production. If the two-bond penetration rate does not rise as expected, it will affect the overall demand for light glass on the one hand.
On the other hand, it is likely to slow down the rate at which production is being phased out. An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: