The idc+ Software Development Bi-operator Report (600845) looks forward to the future of the company. The idc+ Software Development Bi-operator drives the growth of performance. After years of development, the company has made a difference.
Chen Wei Gwang is the country’s leading industrial software industry’s application solution and service provider. At the same time, the company is extremely aware of the trends in the industry and technology of the IT industry, providing cloud computing, data centres, the industrial Internet.
In 2019, the company earned $6,849 million in operating income and a net return profit. The company ' s performance has continued to grow at a high rate since then, mainly as a result of the filling of information orders, and research assistant: Robubin.
idc Operations: The Treasure Cloud Project is deep-deep in the Shanghai region, and several projects are well-placed.
With the support of the consortium, the company rented the Treasure Cloud Project, which is located in the heart of Shanghai, which has a large development space for the expansion of the project, while the plant area has already been built up with a large amount of resources, including buildings, utilities, and so on, further reducing the construction of the project.
Cost set, projects have a strong ingenuity. At present, Sino-Coon I to IV projects provide a cumulative 26.5 million cabinets, with a landing rate of over 80 per cent, downstream customers, such as telecommunications, mobile, e-guards, etc., with contracts valid for more than 10 years, and long-term contracts have been signed to guarantee the income of the operation.
Looking ahead, the company is actively accelerating the deployment of idc throughout the country, including projects such as Bo-Yun, Wu-Shing data, Mae-san base. With the successive deliveries of the above-mentioned projects, the company is expected to generate more than 60,000 mobile phone cabinets, generating $60,000 a year in single cabinets.
Software development operations: intra-group orders, while breaking through external steel companies. Companies have been working deep for years on iron and steel information construction, taking over multiple intra-group information adaptations.
The only industrial software company that has done so from lo has a market of more than 50% of its products in the steel industry and a strong industry. As the corporate group increases its efforts to merge with other steel companies, the company is expected to take over more information from the group.
Re-engineering and consolidation of orders, while corporate informatization has been recognized by external steel companies, and it is hoped that they will continue to break through orders from external corporate steel companies. Investment strategy: maintain a recommended rating.
With the four-phased projects with a high build-up rate and a long contract period, it is expected that steady cash flows will continue to be made, while the company has many projects at its disposal, which are expected to be more than 60,000 mobile phone cabinets with sufficient motivation. With regard to software development, the company has been working on iron and steel information for years, and mes software in the country's steel industry.
Market ownership is over 50 per cent, the industry is strong, followed by hope for sustained intra-beneficiary group transformation and integration of demand, while watching companies continue to break through orders from external corporate steel companies.
After years of development, the company has become a leading industrial software industry application and service provider, with products and services for steel, transport, medicine, etc.
At the same time, the company actively captures trends in the development of the industry and technology in IT, providing related products and services such as cloud computing, data centres, and the industrial Internet.
idc+ Software Development is a dual-owned industry that drives the company’s performance to continue to increase. On the revenue side, the company’s operating income amounted to $6,849 million in 2019, an increase of 25.19 per cent over the same period and a compound growth rate of 14.84 per cent between 2015 and 2019; and on the profit end.
Up to 29.56%. Corporate performance has continued to grow at a sustained high rate in recent years, mainly as a result of the abundance of information orders and successive deliveries of projects from the first to the fourth phases of the Treasure Cloud.
Software development business contributions are mainly received, and the share of services outsourced business has increased significantly. By the statistical calibre of the company, the company ' s business is divided into four main categories: software development (information, automation, intelligence, etc.), service outsourcing (idc and carrier services, etc.), system integration equipment, and other operations. In 2019, corporate software development business revenue was achieved.
In 2019, the software development business accounted for 2,055 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 21.60% in the same year, and a growth rate of 30.02% in the 2015-2019 recovery. The service outsourcing business has been growing at a high rate in recent years, benefiting mainly from Treasure Cloud II.
Figure 8: Contribution of revenue from outsourcing of corporate services as a percentage of revenue from outsourcing of services, as measured by the share of revenue earned by outsourcing of services, shows a decrease of 48.38 per cent in the year 2019, or $209 million in revenue from systems integration operations, mainly from company attachments.
The company’s combined Māori rate in 2019 was 30.04%, an increase of 2.10 percentage points from the previous year, and the public administration’s Māori rate has shown a steady upward trend in recent years, mainly as a result of an increase in revenue from the high Māori rate of outsourcing of services as a result of increased cost-control capabilities and a marked increase in operating cash flows. The company’s overall cost rate has declined steadily over the past year.
The trend, from 19.50 per cent in 2015 to 16.13 per cent in 2019, has led to a steady increase in cost control. Of this, the sales cost rate has fallen from 3.00 per cent in 2015 to 2.53 per cent in 2019. The main reason for the lower sales costs for companies is that the idc business is wholesale, mainly for large clients, and does not require significant market extension costs; and the management costs in 2019.
In terms of cash flows, the company ' s net operating cash flow has improved steadily in recent years, reaching 887 million yuan in 2019, a 2.24-fold increase over 2015. This is mainly due to successive deliveries of the Treasure Clouds project, which continues to pay tribute to the 2.idc business: the Treasure Clouds project is deep-deep in the Shanghai region, and several projects are developing.
The demand for data centres has grown in recent years as the mobile Internet has grown rapidly, adding to the rapid development of the country’s cloud computing market. In 2013, the company spearheaded the launch of the second/third/fourth phase of the Internet data centre through a project to raise funds in private for the construction of treasures.
By 2019, the company ' s share of the domestic idc market was 1.5%, second only to the Van Treasure Clouds project in the third-party data centre market. The Bo Clouds project was located in the Shanghai Luang factory area, which was formerly a steel and steel company, and the Bo Steel Group moved its capacity as a whole after the signing of the Industrial Transformation Framework Agreement in 2012, with the support of the consortium.
In terms of geographical location, the Luang factory area is located in the city of Shanghai, close to 40 kilometres from the centre of Shanghai, and is located within the heart of Shanghai, with a clear geographical advantage. The plant area covers about 2.82 square kilometres of land, with sufficient land space, and provides for the subsequent expansion of the Treasure Cloud project.
At the same time, a large amount of resources have been built in the pre-plant period, such as factories, public support houses, electricity distribution, water distribution, etc. The Treasure Clouds Project has been able to make full use of available resources to adapt and further reduce the cost of construction of the project. According to our statistics, the average cost of building a single container in the first-to-fourth phases of the Project is 1378,000 yuan, which is lower than the cost of light in the same industry.
The company’s idc operations are scheduled to be wholesale, providing services mainly to large downstream clients through the self-establishment of large data centres, with high landing rates, and a long contract period.
At present, four phases of the Treasure Cloud project have been completed and delivered, with 4/4/9.5/90 thousand cabinets provided in the first/II/III/IV phase, bringing the total to 26.5 million cabinets. According to data disclosed in the Department ' s 2019 report, the Treasure Cloud project has reached an overall average of over 80 per cent.
According to downstream clients, the company has signed data centre service contracts mainly with large customers such as Shanghai Telecom, Shanghai Movement, and the Chinese Telecommunications Agency. Except for the 20-year duration of the Chinese Telecommunications Contract, the remaining contracts have been valid for a period of about 10 years, and the signing of long-term contracts guarantees the company ' s income from idc ' s operations and the stability of cash flows.
In the Shanghai region, the company plans to build five phases of the Treasure Cloud site, consisting of three aircraft rooms, with an estimated 105,000 6kw high-density cabinets, while the company reports in the second half of 2020.
The announcement will further boost the Wu Xing Industrial Park project and further enhance the supply of Shanghai. In addition to Shanghai, the company is actively promoting the construction of the local idc project in Wuhan and Nanjing, among which the three-phased large war steel data project is expected to provide a total of 18,000 hangars, while the Nanjing Mei Mountain base is expected to build two buildings, providing a total of 7,000 6kw high density cabinets.
As a result, the company is expected to generate more than 60,000 mobile phone cabinets, estimated at $60,000 a year on average, and the corporate idc revenues are expected to reach $3.6 billion after the completion of the entire project.
3. Software development business: Informational Benefit Group internal orders, while at the same time breaking through the external deep-cultivated steel industry information building, gradually expanding to the non-steel sector. The company, formerly the Shanghai Treasure Steel Automation Department, established in 1978, has been working for years in deep-cultivated iron and steel information construction, and has taken over a number of inter-group information adaptation projects.
In China, the company's participation in the Treasure Steel Stewardship 1580 Smart Workshop Project, the first pilot project on smart manufacturing by the Ministry of Technology and Communications, has led to a 6.5 per cent reduction in process energy consumption through adaptations in the areas of “operability”, “comprehensive online monitoring”, and, after many years of development, the company has accumulated extensive technological accumulation in informationization, intelligence manufacturing, etc.
A full set of services that can be provided from the bottom up: “workshop machine automation/robots”, “control floor pcs”, “implementation floors”, “erp”, “e-commerce” and “top-level decision-making” is the only industrial software enterprise in the country that has done so from lo5. Mees are the company’s core and main product, and the company has developed Mes software such as “bm2-m”
With years of understanding of information-building, intelligence-making, the company’s information-based business borders have been expanding and have been applied to a number of industries, including transport, medicine, extraction, colouring, and chemicals. The group has always attached importance to information-based construction.
The principle of insulation, i.e., that information systems of all subsidiaries cannot be isolated, must be integrated into a unified corporate information system that is integrated into the corporate information system: after the creation of the BMW Group, the information system values of the concept of “central coherent, streamlined management” are still being implemented, while at the same time introducing the “smart manufacturing + intelligence service”-type biosphere, underscoring that
Intra-groups provide sufficient orders for corporate informatization. The tradition of intra-group attention to information-building has resulted in sufficient orders for companies to benefit from the information-reform needs of intra-group affiliates on the one hand, and for companies to benefit from the information-reform needs of intra-group affiliates on the other.
To benefit from the systemic integration needs created by group mergers and acquisitions of other steel companies. Since 2007, we have counted intra-group connections, which amounted to 3,385 million yuan in 2019, and related transactions, which accounted for more than 40% of the current operating income.
The Department’s announcement foresees inter-group transactions amounting to $6,101 million in 2020, a significant increase of 80.24% over the same period. As the BMW Group further strengthens its consolidation of other steel companies, we believe that the company will be expected to take over more information system consolidation orders from the Group.
In June 2020, the company delivered the first steel shares to the integrated business management system, which covered the first steel stock transfer, the sale of the three main production bases in Kyoto, logistics, passenger services, raw products, quality, in-plant logistics, financial costs, engineering, equipment, procurement, and energy in Kyoto. The first steel was sold together.
The delivery of the business management system is the largest out-of-group project the company has taken over, marking the infoization of the corporate steel industry, and the products have been endorsed by the corporate external industry. Maintain the recommended rating.
Long, a steady cash flow is expected to be sustained, with companies working on multiple projects, with more than 60,000 mobile phone cabinets and sufficient incentives to develop. In software development, companies have been working for years on iron and steel information, and Mes has more than 50% market access in the domestic steel industry, the industry has a strong position, and it is expected to continue informationization within beneficiary groups.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I am qualified or well-qualified in portfolio investment advice by the Chinese Securities Association, and I am aware of it in an diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.