Weichai Power (000338 CH)
4Q23 net profit +58% YoY; Payout increased to
BUY (Maintain)
50%; Higher earnings forecast on margin
Target Price
RMB20.40
Weichai's net profit in 2023 surged 84% YoY to RMB9bn, which is in line with
(Previous TP
RMB17.80)
the profit range of RMB8.58-9.32bn announced in Jan. In 4Q23, net profit grew
Up/Downside
25.4%
58% YoY to RMB2.5bn. It's worth noting that Weichai has declared a final
Current Price
RMB16.27
dividend of RMB0.293/shr. This, together with the interim dividend, implies that
China Capital Goods
the payout ratio has reached 50% (up from 45% in 2022). We revise up our
2024E/25E earnings forecast by 19%/20%, mainly due to higher margin
Wayne FUNG, CFA
assumptions across different segments. We maintain our positive stance on
Weichai (sector top pick) as we see (1) the replacement cycle, (2) higher sales
contribution of gas trucks, and (3) exports offering certainty on HDT industry
Stock Data
sales growth in 2024E. We revise up our SOTP-based TP for Weichai H/A to
HK$22/RMB20.4 from HK19.4/RMB17.8. Maintain BUY.
Key highlights in 4Q23. Net profit grew 58% YoY to RMB2.5bn, driven by
20% YoY revenue growth (to RMB53.6bn) and 3.3ppt YoY gross margin
expansion (to 23.7%). The gross margin in 4Q23 is the highest one since
4Q18.
■ Strong engine growth in 2023. The segment revenue grew 55% YoY to
RMB60.8bn, driven by a 28% increase in engine sales and increase in
blended ASP (due to more contribution of HDT engines based on our
Share Performance
estimate). The segment profit surged 1.7x YoY to RMB7.7bn, driven by
5.5ppt YoY expansion of segment margin.
Automobiles & components turned to profit in 2H23. The segment
(mainly includes HDTs and parts) recorded RMB610mn of segment profit in
Source: FactSet
2H23 (vs RMB24mn in 2H22 and -RMB16mn in 1H23), driven by operating
12-mth Price Performance
leverage.
(RM
Forklifts & supply chain solution (KION's operation) continued to see
recovery. The segment profit surged 10x YoY to RMB4.9bn in 2023 from a
low base. According to KION's latest guidance, the adjusted EBIT is
expected to grow 0-19% YoY in 2024E.
Agricultural machinery helped by better margin. While the segment
revenue dropped 9% YoY to RMB16.2bn in 2023, the segment margin
Source: FactSet
expanded 1ppt YoY to 4.1%. This helped boost the segment profit by 23%
Related reports:
YoY.
Capital Goods - Expansion of gas/diesel
Risk factors: 1) weakness in engine export; 2) lower-than-expected
price spread likely to boost natural gas
replacement demand; 3) an increase in component costs.
(link)
Capital Goods - Equipment replacement
(link)
Weichai Power – 4Q23E earnings surged
31-71% YoY, above expectation (A: link)
(H: link)
China Heavy Duty Truck – Multi-cylinder
diesel engine sales +29% YoY in Dec -
15 Jan 2024 (link)
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Figure 1: Weichai's quarterly results
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Note 1: Weichai owns 46.5% interest in KION, 20% interest in Ballard Power and 20% interest in Ceres Power.
Note 2: Share of JV/associates excludes Ballard Power and Ceres Power
Source: Bloomberg, company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.