High-end Equipment and New Materials Research Center Xu Engineering Information Replenishment Unit, concerned about Xu Workers Group's progress in the transformation of the company's basics (RMB)
The company announced on December 13 that the subsidiary Xu's Information Replenishment transaction had been completed.
The share of the company in Xu's information has been changed from 60% to 45%. This collection is intended for Xu's Internet technology development, industrial Internet infrastructure input, and marketing system. Xu's information replenishment is $300 million, high capital investment, and Xu's shareholdings are 45 times higher in five years.
According to a third party assessment, on 31 December 2018, Xu's information was valued at $880 million and is now valued at $1.2 billion. Of the $300 million in the present replenishment, the capital, the Nankingsai Fulfilled Enterprise Investment Fund and the China-China Electric Section
The top three contributors to the Industrial Investment Fund (Nanjing) were $1.60/0.4/$30 million each. The top three shareholders in the Replenishment Replenishment Information for Xu, Xu Xu Xu Xian Quan and Takai Capital, respectively, held the stock.
The present replenishment is intended to accelerate Xu's information development of new products, the development of new technologies, the layout of new markets, and the doubling of the three-quarterly report's performance, which is expected throughout the year.
The replenishment is intended to bring in well-known domestic investors with an interconnected genetic and emerging technological background, with complementary strengths and synergies of resources, and to accelerate the pace of corporate informatization.
3. " Nearly $900 million impairment in real asset quality: fourth quarter of closing, vehicle crane sales picked up at a faster rate, excavator sales were higher than expected, and mixed progress was noted.
The automobile crane industry picked up its sales at a rate of 9.2 per cent in September, rising 19.5 per cent in October and 30-40 per cent in November, exceeding the market share by the third quarter. Excavator-wide sales were expected to rise more than expected in November.
Xu's growth rate is more than 50% over 22%. It benefits from the combination of capital investment growth in equipment renewal cycles, tightening environmental policies, artificial substitution, export growth abroad, and many other factors.
The company’s shareholding mix is moving ahead as planned. The company is expected to introduce strategic investors at Xu Xu’s limited level in the future, laying the groundwork for measures such as follow-up equity incentives, employee holding platforms, etc., to stimulate dynamic development, and corporate governance will move to a new level. The future of high-quality assets, such as parent excavators, will not be ruled out.
Xu Jinghua expects the Xu Group's excavator operations to be valued in a reasonable manner by over $20 billion. Investments in infrastructure property have fallen short of expectations; risks from declining sales in some of the product industries; and exchange rate risks.
Figure 1: 27 per cent increase in corporate revenue in January-September 2019
Figure 5: Net operating cash flows of companies up to record levels during the same period
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment