Xu's report continues to grow and improve the quality of profits in the third quarter.
The company released its three-quarter report in 2019, which achieved business income of $43.239 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 26.89 per cent over the previous three quarters, a net profit of $3.02 billion attributable to the shareholders of listed companies, an increase of the same year, benefiting from capital needs, renewed demand, a continuation of the high profile of the engineering and machinery industry, excavators, cranes and cranes.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): The demand for major products is high. In January-September 2019, a total of 25 major enterprise-builders were listed, with 33,243 cranes sold in the country’s major enterprises, representing an increase of 34.4 per cent.
In the third quarter of 2019, the net cash flow from corporate activities rose by 61.48 per cent over the same period.
The company’s financial costs were reduced by 251.96 per cent over the reporting period, as a result of increased interest income and exchange rate earnings, and its financial position improved significantly.
The third quarter has seen a significant increase in the level of profit.
The firm's pursuit of development opportunities, the acceleration of global industrial deployment, the clear acceleration of overseas market openings, and especially the improved development of marketing and services systems in countries along the “one-way” route, and the proliferation of exports.
The company’s share in the domestic market for cranes is steady; the Xu Engineering Group is the leading company in the domestic engineering industry, with a number of excavators, concrete machines, etc., in addition to the cranes.
The company’s limited-share shareholder, Xu Xu, has been approved by the National Finance Committee and is expected to bring new momentum to the company. We expect Xu to earn $63,462 million from 2019 to 2021.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.