Xu's performance forecast for the third quarter of Xu's performance has increased significantly due to the high rate of growth sustained in the third quarter.
The company issued a performance forecast for the third quarter of 2019, which is expected to achieve a net profit of $700 to $800 million attributable to the shareholders of the listed company in the first three quarters, which will be increased by the same year, benefiting from capital needs, renewed demand, the continued high profile of the engineering and machinery industry, excavators, cranes, etc.
According to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, in January-September 2019, 25 major manufacturing companies were listed for the sale of 179,195 pieces of excavating machinery.
In our view, the recovery of engineering machinery in the current round is significantly different from the large cycles that were previously stimuli, with industry operating more robustly and cyclically weaker in the future. Companies’ product segments continue to grow steadily, with business earnings growing rapidly, and profit from water.
Companies are actively pursuing “technology-leading, non-destructive” standards, continuously upgrading technological innovation, strengthening the level of intra-firm management, and increasing market competitiveness through product, channel, and size advantages. Companies are pursuing development opportunities, accelerating global industrial deployment, and the process of overseas market opening is evident.
Accelerating, especially in countries along the “one-way” route, improved marketing, service delivery systems, export shares, and brand influence.
The scheme has been approved by the National Finance Committee and is promoting a mix of asset audits, asset assessments, equity auctions, etc.
We expect Xu to earn $63,462 million in business income from 2019 to 2021, and the author has either a qualification or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to provide this report in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.