Xu Xu's mechanical needs are more resilient and the product plates continue to be protected by the company's performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2019: the first three quarters are expected to realize a net return to the mother of $29.8 to $3.08 billion.
The demand for heavy machinery is more resilient, the performance of each product section of the company supports the rating points is expected to be positive, and the product sections continue to grow steadily. The company expects a sustained increase in downstream demand in the first three quarters, heavy company machinery in the third quarter, plant machinery, fire-fighting machinery, shoveling machinery, etc.
The sale of products continued to grow steadily, operating income grew rapidly, while companies strengthened their internal management levels, business risks were strictly controlled and profit levels were rising, with net interest rates expected to remain at between 7 and 8 per cent in the first half of the year for the third quarter.
According to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Mechanics, the cumulative sales of 30564 auto cranes in the industry in January-August 2019 were 37.4% higher than in August 2019, and, after a small decline in sales in June-August, sales are expected to pick up in September.
In September, the country ' s regular meeting stressed the need to accelerate the use of local debt and the overall reduction of central banks, starting in the fourth quarter, capital projects are expected to accelerate their landings, and the year-end sales of car cranes are expected to end; on the other hand, according to our estimates, the three countries with automobile cranes will have about 40-50 per cent of their stock, and the six standards will be implemented in the future.
Two years have led to a large demand for forced replacement, so we believe that next year’s sales of car cranes will still be expected to increase by a single-digit number. In the first three quarters, the company’s share of the car crane market was about 40%, and it continued to be a head of the industry, rising to over 60% with the share of the vehicle crane market.
Accelerated internationalization, with overseas markets helping smooth the domestic climate. In recent years, firms have stepped up the “outward” pace to further improve marketing and service systems in overseas markets, with product exports in Europe, the Middle East, South-East Asia, hundreds of millions of yuan, an increase of 20.1% compared to the previous year, with total exports and self-employed exports stable in the first and third quarters of overseas markets.
Corporate products have become more competitive in a number of countries along the way, with their share of exports leading, with wheeled cranes having reached around 30% of global market shares. Corporate products are increasingly recognized by international customers, branding is growing, and based on off-highway.
Research statistics show that the Chinese engineering and machinery market in 2018 was about 30 per cent of the world ' s sales, and that a large offshore market, which was based on the market price collected on 14 October 2019, helped companies smooth domestic cycle fluctuations and build medium- and long-term growth points.
Xu Engineering Mechanics: High Growth Dividends for the cranes, significant decline in the engineering and machinery industry, slower than expected capital and real estate investments, and worsening competition in the industry. Xu Engineering Mechanics: High Growth for the cranes, Lead Profits
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.