The three-quarterly performance of the High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials Research Centre doubles the expected performance of the three-quarterly report, which will be the highest in history throughout the year, with a projected net profit of $2.98 to $3.08 billion in the first three quarters.
The three-quarterly report doubles its performance and continues to record high growth, with a high probability of a record high year-round performance. Net profits of $2.98 to $3.08 billion are projected for the first three quarters of 2019, rising by 2.7 pct over the same period. Net operating cash flows of $2.8 billion in the first half of the year rose by 46% over the same period.
In the first half of the year, losses on impairment of assets and credit impairments were calculated at $890 million, with the risk of a “nearly $900 million impairment in real asset quality”; and three quarters of vehicle crane sales were reduced, with higher than expected sales of excavators and higher rates of growth.
Xu's share of the heavy-lift industry has recovered from a narrow decline in sales: in July/August, the rate of motor-lift sales increased by -15%/- 4%, and in January/August, the cumulative rate of increase was 35%. It is expected that the four-quarters drive out of the thin season and the downstream capital rate will pick up gradually, and the sales rate is expected to pick up. Xu's head will be the head of the crane.
Lei-Su's Mechanical Insight Report, 2019.8.21. K Series “Deduction” products to meet price-sensitive new customer needs, with a small recovery in city occupancy. Sales of excavators are expected to continue at a higher rate than expected, with a steady rate in Xu's city: July/September excavations
In January-September, the share stabilized at 14% as the country’s second-largest city leader (under the Xu Workers Group). The control shareholders’ mixed ownership reform was carried out in an orderly manner, and corporate governance moved to a new level.
The reform of the system led to a new dynamic, and the company is expected to introduce Wang Huajun as a strategic investor at the limited level of Xu, laying the foundation for measures such as follow-up equity incentives, employee holding platforms, etc., to stimulate development.
Yes, corporate governance falls to a new level. The future of the parent company’s good assets does not preclude injections, the company’s expected long-term recovery of the company’s performance, based on the three-quarterly performance forecast and seasonal factors of the year’s performance.
The excavator, if injected, is expected to have a reasonable valuation of more than $20 billion in the Xu Tu Group excavator business. Investments in the capital estate are not as high as expected; risks from a decline in sales in some of the product industries; and exchange rate risks.
Figure 1: 2019h1 corporate revenue growth by 30 per cent over the same period Figure 3: 2019h1 company ' s Māori rate and rapid rise in net interest rates Figure 5: Corporate operating net cash flows up to record highs during the same period
Figure 7: Sales in the auto crane industry increased by 35 per cent in January-August by the same year
Figure 12: Excavator market ratio: Xu was ranked second after Carter in 2019