The performance of the Centre for Research in High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials doubled in the three-quarterly reports, the year-round production of the first three-quarter reports by companies with a record high level of certainty, and the first three quarters saw business earnings of $43.2 billion, an increase of 27 per cent over the previous three quarters.
One billion yuan, a 19 per cent increase in the same year, and a 740 million return net profit, a 82.4 per cent increase in the same year, doubled performance in the three quarters, with a significant increase in net interest rates and a high probability of a record high performance throughout the year. The first three quarters saw a net operating cash flow of 3.1 billion yuan, a 61 per cent increase in the same quarter, and a new high in the same period.
In the first half of the year, losses on impairment of assets and credit impairments were recorded at $890 million, while losses on credit impairments continued in the third quarter of the first quarter of the year at $250 million in the first quarter of the year, resulting in a clean-up of risks and a steady deterioration in the quality of assets.
The vehicle crane industry has seen a sharp decline in sales, and Xu's share has recovered: July/August vehicle lift, 2.00 RMB 900 million in real asset quality; off, a series of "k-module" products for new and price-sensitive customers for automobile cranes.
3. “Rollhead of the vehicle crane, transformation is expected to increase competition — Xu's mechanical depth report”, 2019.8.21 Sales of excavators are expected to remain at a higher rate than expected and the rate in Xu's city remains stable: excavations in July/September
The reform of the joint ownership of shareholders is proceeding in an orderly manner, and corporate governance is on a new level. Wang Huajun, the merger of shareholders in the joint ownership of companies, is proceeding according to plan.
In the future, companies are expected to introduce strategic investors at the limited level of Xu, laying the groundwork for measures such as follow-up equity incentives, employee holding platforms, etc., to stimulate dynamic development, and corporate governance will rise to a new level. The future of high-quality assets such as the home company's excavators does not preclude injections, and companies are expected to benefit in many ways.
Chu Yonghua, a reasonable valuation of the Xu's excavator business exceeded $20 billion. Investments in infrastructure property fell short of expectations; the risk of a decline in sales in some of the product industries; and exchange rate risk.
Figure 1: 27 per cent increase in corporate revenue in January-September 2019
Figure 7: Sales in the automotive crane industry increased by 32 per cent in January-September and by 14.7 per cent in September
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment