Xu's share of the car crane market has recovered steadily in the third quarter, and the company issued a three-monthly report in 2019: business income of $43.24 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 26.9 per cent over the previous three quarters.
The net return to the mother increased by 10.3 per cent over the same period and, in the third quarter alone, generated business income of 12.18 billion yuan, an increase of 19.3 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of 740 million yuan, an increase of 82.4 per cent over the same period.
In the first three quarters, the company achieved a steady improvement in its position and the quality of its operations. The revenues were $43.24 billion, an increase of 26.9% over the previous three quarters, resulting in a net profit of $3.02 billion to the mother, an increase of 10.3% over the previous three quarters.
High growth, income and profit ends before performance continued. Sub-products, roots, and statistics from the Chinese Engineering and Mechanical Industry Association show that the company has about 13,000 car cranes in the last three quarters, an increase of about 15% compared to the previous quarter.
The vehicle crane will continue to grow at a steady rate, with higher sales and harvests expected as the vehicle cranes, pillar machinery, fire-fighting machinery, etc. Owing to demand overdrafts at the beginning of the year, the monthly base was more equal in the last year, and seasonal fluctuations began to be observed in June-August, experiencing a decline in sales for three months in a row.
After that, in September, the volume of car crane sales was re-established, with a positive growth of 9.2%, and in four quarters and next year, we are still relatively optimistic about the demand. The company, as the absolute leader of the crane, had an impact on its market share because of competition for higher productivity, the introduction of new and multiple products, and the strengthening of post-camp services.
Sliding to about 40% in the third quarter, with market share stabilizing as new company products were introduced and market expansion intensified, profitability rising, and business quality continued to improve. Companies focused on cost control at 9.7% in the first three quarters of 2019, a decrease of 1.7 pct over the same period, with sales rates and management (including R & D) fees.
The profit period cost rate drops and size effects, and the company’s profitability continues to rise, with a total Māori rate of 18.6 per cent in the previous three quarters, an increase of 0.2 pct in the first half of the year compared to 0.7 pct, a net interest rate of 7.0 per cent, and an increase of 2.6 pct in the same year compared to the first half.
At the same time, companies are actively focusing on risk management, accelerating the clearance of historical burdens such as goods and receivables, improving the quality of their operations, operating net cash flows of $3.100 billion, close to the historical peak of the same period, and maintaining a moderate liquidity rate for receivables and inventory.
In recent years, firms have increased their efforts to build overseas marketing and service systems, with a steady share of exports in a number of countries and regions, such as Asia and the Pacific, Central Asia, and South-East Asia, with a growing global competitiveness of brands, and growing sales.
The internationalization layout helps to shape the growth point of the company’s medium- and long-term performance. The current correction of the company’s controlling shareholder, Xu Engineering Machinery Ltd., is proceeding in an orderly manner, and will result in significant improvements in the company’s management efficiency and staff motivation.
In the system of listed companies, there will be a stronger infusion of expectations. The engineering and machinery industry has a lower profile than expected, competition in the industry has increased, the market share of the product has declined, capital and land has been built.
Xu's investment in production fell significantly short of expectations. Xu's engine: the crane has a high industrial growth dividend, Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, Yang Shao Fai