Transferable fund-raising, new battery projects fully imported N-type technology, Lungi shares (601012.sh) companies issued debt-transferable instruments, and two projects fully imported N-efficient single crystal battery maturity technology.
On December 31, 2021, the company issued a letter of instructions for the collection of convertable corporate bonds, which plans to raise $7 billion to invest in the 15gw high-efficiency single crystal battery project, the 3gw single-crystal battery manufacturing project and supplementary liquidity. The announcement indicates that the next generation of high-efficiency single crystal batteries, developed autonomously by the company, will be fully imported into maturity.
Technology, an effective enabler, will take full advantage of the next generation of technological changes in high-efficiency batteries. We maintain the high potential for technological development of pre-efficient N batteries, with a combination of multiple advantages and continuous drops leading to an increase in the city’s share.
Technical processes are simple, yield efficiency can be around 26 per cent, have greater potential for future development and have the advantages of high, low temperature rates, low light failure, weak light performance, high power generation efficiency, but are now more costly, such as the low-temperature silver slurry consumption of hjt batteries, which has increased to 223.3 mg in the future by upgrading printing technology and improving mastership.
The size of the fence, the reduced width of the fence, and other measures to reduce the consumption of silver slurry, will transform the effective assistive N battery technology into the next generation of mainstream battery technology after the relay perc technology, and will gradually dominate the market share. The N battery expansion will bridge the capacity gap and safeguard the company’s combined competitive advantage of upstream and downstream integration.
For many years, the company has a well-developed technological reserve for N-efficient batteries, and battery research and development has repeatedly been updated in the world. In 2021, the company’s own battery capacity continued to be incompatible with the component’s capacity, with an annual capacity gap of 20.4gw, and cpia expects that the market demand for N-efficient batteries in 2025 will reach about 100gw.
The industry has fewer N-efficient battery production capacity, there will be large future demand gaps, companies will continue to maintain high-intensity R & D inputs based on their own technological advantages, 2021 company p, n single crystal topcon, and n.
The Hjt battery conversion efficiency has updated three world records at the same time, with an active layout N-efficient battery output with long-term stand-alone, photovoltage taps highlighting power - to effectively bridge the capacity gap and further enhance the competitive advantage of integration.
Corporate Information Updates - Industry Volatility High, New Products Breaking Up - Corporate Information Updates - Six Months Report Matching Premiums
Time, the need to warm the taps of the application scene.