In the first three quarters, profits grew by 43 per cent, and new and emerging business such as digital trade grew rapidly.
In the first three quarters, the Division achieved $7,906 million, or +25.08 per cent, and a net profit of $2,317 million to the mother. After the blow, the net profit to the mother in the third quarter grew by 44.32 per cent. Overall performance was better driven by the recovery in demand for foreign trade services and by emerging operations such as company digital trade and cross-border payments.
Rapid growth in emerging operations such as digital trade, cross-border payments, and active strategic cooperation in the area of trade data. Sub-operations show robust growth in corporate market operations and 52 weeks of combined digital trade in the first three quarters of emerging operations
The platform ginagoods achieved 52,838 million yuan in gmv, an increase of 122.34 per cent over the same period; and the cross-border payment platform `Yiwupay', which has been officially launched since 21 February 2023, has accumulated a cross-border renminbi account for nearly 20,000 businesses, with a cross-border settlement of approximately 2.3 billion yuan.
Trade data eco-building has been actively promoted, including the recent full-scale, multi-level collaboration with People’s Network on data validation, data storage, data empowerment, data operation, etc. The Māori ratio has risen and the cost rate has been optimized. The company’s Māori rate was 27.1% in the previous three quarters, compared to +2.22pt.
Net operating cash flows of $372 million represent a significant improvement over the previous year’s net outflow of $337 million. Business developments have fallen short of expectations: the global trading environment has deteriorated Investment proposals: companies, as global leading foreign trade integrated service providers, are actively engaged in data assets and
Topic II of the Series on Cross-Border Electric Industries - Taking the “One Way” Opportunity - Digital Trade Eco-building - Future gains in revenue from well-developed market-operated services
Long, in addition to the potential for long-term growth in emerging business such as digital trade and cross-border payments. We expect $318 million, mainly due to the higher impact of investment returns over the same period last year.
The overall performance was better driven by emerging operations such as payouts, where corporate market operations grew robustly, and the first three quarters of the new business integrated digital trading platform, Chinagoods, achieved Gmv 52.38 billion, an increase of 122.34 per cent, compared to the previous three quarters; and the cross-border payment platform, the “yiwu payment”
Since its official launch on 21 February 2023, the company has opened a cross-border renminbi account for almost 20,000 businesses, with a cross-border settlement of about 2.3 billion yuan yuan.
In general, the company will use data applications as a central pull, taking into account the strengths of the People's Data National Data Trade Platform, to tap deep into the value of commercial data that interacts with the deep supply chain along the small commodity chain.
In addition, on October 22, 2023, the company organized the “Global's first edition of a large-language model of trade in small commodities”, which will be further enriched in the future in terms of digitization and intelligence.
Business chains, further expanding value-added services and increasing overall profitability.Figure 6: Small Commodity Cities publish large-language models in the area of merchandise trade Financial data, with a Māori ratio of 27.1% in the previous three quarters of the company, compared to +2.22 pct. Sales cost/management fees.
Quarterly inventory turnover days decreased by 41 to 59 days from the same date; net operating cash flows of $372 million in the first three quarters improved significantly from net outflows of $337 million in the previous year.
In terms of income and the Maori rate, we split up the projections, market operations: the company owns real estate assets, such as the U.S.I.C., which earns mainly from the use of the market. The company's market has a strong branding advantage and a well-developed mix of services.
The Department has offered to reduce rent by 1 billion dollars, while the new energy market in Sector 2 has further expanded its construction space and market space, resulting in an increase in rent and entrance eligibility fees. We expect the company to earn operating income in 2023.
In terms of Māori rates, it is expected that the company’s supply of complementary services will result in eligibility fees as the company becomes more numerous and additional space becomes available.
2. Commodity sales operations: This business is mainly the sale and sale of goods such as export trade, which combines the resources at the supply and sales end of the two main self-employed brands: “Ei-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki” and “U-Ki-Ki” with a view to achieving a rapid increase in the scale of revenues.
The customers at the end of the sales are mainly industry distributors, wholesalers, etc., and provide a full chain of services to small commodity chains such as wholesalers, franchises, branding, creative derivatives, etc.
The Māori rate is expected to increase steadily as core products increase and ownership increases. 3 Hotel services are expected to generate revenue from the company ' s maritime hotel, the Silver Door Hotel, the Commissariat Hotel and Yaga International Bo, as well as the company ' s responsibility for running the Uii International Conference Centre, with a certain overhead charge.
In terms of Māori, the hotel industry as a whole is more competitive, but with the resumption of passenger flows, the rising demand for commercial travel, and the annual exhibition that attracts foreign and domestic customers and traders to the exhibition, it can facilitate the growth of local trade and thus the development of market transactions.
In 2023, as demand for exhibitions increased and demand for advertising resumed, revenues were expected to increase by 90 to 152 million yuan in comparison to the same year.
5. Other service operations: including limited broadband operating revenues of affiliated subsidiaries, logistics distribution revenues, electronics lines, driven by trade data integration at the core, demand for supply and demand from both sides of production manufacturing, demonstration of transactions, warehousing flows, financial credit, market management, and gmv.35.67 billion in 2022, an increase of 112 per cent over the same period.
In terms of Māori, given the rising share of revenue for the Chinagoods platform and the corresponding share of membership fees, value added sales costs, the company ' s main market operations are high and its brand is well known in the Uu market, and the advertiser ' s advertising expenditure is low and the overall cost of sales is lower. The sales cost rates are expected to be different for 2023-2025.
The increase in the income from the field fees corresponds to less expenditure on administrative costs, and we expect the company ' s management fees for 2023-2025 to begin with assumptions about the company ' s profitability projections and capital cost elements: at the industry level, the company ' s main operations in the foreign trade market and the whole-of-the-industry chain value-added services, in which market operations are relatively traditional, but
In addition to the relatively rapid growth of new business such as global digital trade and cross-border payments, which have been a field of positive corporate deployment in recent years, at the firm level, companies have increased their operations in traditional markets as service leaders in the global trade of small commodities.
The long-term benefits include additional rental space and further improvements in the supporting services.
Access to data, retention of trade data for market traders and commercial development; 3) Cross-border payments, in particular, cross-border renminbi operations, will also benefit the overall process of internationalizing the renminbi. By industry and company analysis, my centre has built new rental areas for post-partum delivery, resulting in higher income growth.
In terms of capital cost factor assumptions, the unlebled Beta uses the beta arithmetic average of the last five years in the sw commercial property business.999; the risk-free rate is 2.7 per cent based on the 10-year national debt rate; and the equity risk premium is 7 per cent.
Using a benchmark interest rate of 4.90 per cent on RMB loans for more than five years, it is calculated that the company ' s wacc is based on the above analysis, using the fcff valuation method for absolute valuations and corresponding sensitivity analysis of the company, and that I can compare the company ' s choice to the company ' s main market for the company ' s operations and related accompaniment services, and that foreign trade data have been used in recent years.
At the core, the demand for supply and demand from both sides in production manufacturing, displaying transactions, warehousing logistics, financial credit, market management, etc., achieves a double-drive charge on the use of the shop plus revenue from value-added services. According to the SEC industry, companies are in the csrc leasing and business services sector, where they operate in a similar fashion to the companies, and
In recent years, companies that have also been active in providing value-added support services include Heiningpi City and Light Ribbon City, which we have chosen to operate mainly in the marketing and leasing of stores and accessories in the “Heining China Leather City” market;
Based on the above financial data, it can be seen that small commodity cities are at comparable levels of corporate leadership in terms of income and profitability, that the differences in size between enterprises are mainly related to consumer goods covered by the business, and that there is a need to promote industry-chain support services.
Construction is related. In addition, in terms of profitability, the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rates have been robust in recent years, the epidemic has maintained a better level of profitability, and the overall level of profitability is expected to continue to improve in the future as value-added support services rise and the overall chain layout and digitalization of the industry deepens.
In recent years, companies have been actively promoting the digitalization of global trade and the realization of value-added services. We have given companies, as global leaders in integrated foreign trade services, to actively develop data assets and digital trade eco-development, to benefit from future income growth from well-developed market-based service packages, as well as digital trade and cross-border payments.
We expect that the company’s net return profits for 2023-2025 will be estimated separately; that the market and the industry as a whole may not be adequately considered. The deterioration of the global trading environment, such as increased frictions in international trade and increased tariffs, may have a negative impact on industry development.
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, and that the results of the analysis are based on the following:
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author