Small commodities, big businesses, three ecosystems shaped with high barriers, supply chain integration “enhanced inner power”, business in tandem with high growth, companies investing in the industrial chain by deepening the market allocation of factor resources, at the entry point of self-employment.
Downstream, connecting supply chains, and building ecological chains for international trade while actively building global supply chain services systems. Excluding the impact of 2022 rent relief, (1) market operations (stocks) contribute steadily on an average annual basis, and the East Side of Region 2 will drive the scale of business income to a new level; and along with industry,
The Division ' s revenue is mainly contributing; (3) the association fairs, hotels and advertising panels are operating steadily and developing synergies with the main industry.
In the medium- and long-term, the company began to form a full-chain, full-service enabling entity market based on the Trinagoods platform in 2019, with a stronger “stable foreign trade, domestic demand” and a business plan for the first time.
The goal for the platform gmv is more than 10 billion. Chinagoods, as the weight of the company’s digital transformation, has to take hands, driven by the integration of trade data, and can serve both supply and demand at multiple levels of production, demonstration, stock flow, financial credit, market management, etc. 2022.
• “Yiwupay payments” connects to cross-border currency payments, and the payment chain continues to improve. “Yiwupay payments” was established in 2012 through professional global payment service capacity, financial convergence.
:: Regulatory and safety control capacity to provide one-stop cross-border payment solutions for domestic and foreign customers, enabling them to comply with receipts, ease remittance, improve efficiency in the use of funds and ensure safe access to the accounts.
According to the Central Bank, the value of the renminbi's cross-border payments increased from less than 10 billion yuan in 2009 to 42 trillion yuan in 2022, and corporate “pay-in” operations will further boost the potential of trade services to adapt to new development patterns, enhance digital capabilities in multiple dimensions and enhance data factor deposition.
The country’s new foreign trade is moving towards new forms of cross-border trade based on the digitization of foreign trade. Whether it is the identification of rivals, the recognition of changes in external demand, or the demand of both sides of the trade for lower efficiency, it needs to be supported by digital technology deposition and the digitization of the trade industry. (1) The company will build a global digital trading centre in Italy.
Project, with a total construction of 12.36 million pieces, to be developed in two phases, with a total investment of $8.32 billion; (2) In September 2023, the company and People ' s Data Management (Beijing) Ltd. signed the Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement, underpinned by the advantage of the people ' s data storage resources, and based on the Small Merchandise City Commodity Source Flow Letter.
The company relies on the U-Market platform of the World's Small Commodity Capital, where its operations are well developed; and Chinagoods, which boosts the growth of its commodity sales, contributes to the construction of three major ecosystems.
With refinements, further performance improvements are expected; companies invest in the digital economy, using the “one-way” initiative and the “rcep” agreement to promote business mitigation efficiency. Companies have people to position the world and share services.
In 1982, Yeu, located in the middle of Zhejiang, pioneered the creation of small commodity markets throughout the country, opening the way for “business and construction.” For more than 40 years, the market has experienced six easy-to-place, 12 expansions, and five generations.
The five-generation leaps were the first-generation street market; the second-generation stall market; the third-generation shed market; the fourth-generation indoor market; and the fifth-generation international trading and trading city, where the market had remained firmly at the top of the national integrated market, with a preponderant advantage. By 2022, the market had 6.4 million square metres of business and 75,000 physical stores.
Twenty-six large categories, more than 2.1 million commodities, and more than 2 million small and micro-enterprises that serve up and down in their homes. This has led to the expression “global small commodity viewing” and the small commodity index has become a “barometer” of global trade in small commodities.
December 28, a State-owned holding enterprise. On May 9, 2002, it was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The company is working to build a shared trading service platform for small and medium-sized enterprises worldwide, to enrich and perfect three major ecosystems (commodities showing ecology, service packages, trade compliance ecology) and to anchor “global top international trade integrated service providers”
Chart 1 Corporate Development Script