On April 25, the company published its annual report 2021 and its first quarterly report 2022, achieving business income in 2021.
Four hundred and twelve million yuan (+19.35 per cent) to realize a net return to the mother of 760 million yuan (+18.94 per cent) and to achieve excellent progress in the slurry of non-repatriate organisms, creating new achievements in the company ' s years of expansion.
“The new magma station continues to break through, and growth is expected to continue.” To date, in Guizhou, Gansu, Hubei, Hebei, Jilin, etc., the company has established new magma stations with permits for slurry and growing space.
The total number of single plasma stations (including substations) is now 82, of which 58 are in single plasma stations (including substations).
As a result of the increased difficulty of distribution, the reduced use of patients for medical treatment and hospital terminal surgery, there has been a temporary decline in sales of corporate products, but production, slurry, etc., has continued to progress in a normal and orderly manner.
The number of terminals continues to be a leader in the country, and the core hospital continues to break through. In 2021, the company covered 31,881 terminals, an increase of 22.68 per cent over the same period.
This represents an increase of 45.51 per cent; access to 29 landmark hospitals and 30 priority development hospitals; a decrease in the cost of sales and an increase in the efficiency of inventory turnover. In 2021, the cost of corporate sales was 6.59 per cent, a decrease of 0.65 per cent compared to the same period last year.
The stock turnover was 365 days, a significant decrease from the same period last year, and there was an improvement in the efficiency of the stock turnover. Considering the capital costs of the company’s new slurry station and the depreciation of fixed assets resulting from the construction of the new capacity,
The slurry station has not expanded as expected; the new slurry station has led to an increase in capital expenditure and depreciation amortization; the build-up of capacity has not progressed as expected; industry policy risks; recurrent outbreaks; and so on.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment