High-end brands are growing fast and stable for profit, Southwest Securities Institute.
• Events: the company published a quarterly report in 2025, which generated a revenue of $7,912 million, an increase of 10 per cent in the same year; a net profit of $5,490 million, an increase of 15.1 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of $5,36 billion, an increase of 15.6 per cent in the same year.
Overseas earnings grew rapidly, and high-end brands grew well. In the first quarter of 2025, companies made good performances in both China and overseas markets, including: in the Chinese market, Kassati brands grew by more than 20%; the company's share of the market for ice-washing products remained the first; the share of air-conditioning was 19.2%, up 1.6 pp from the same year.
In the North American market, corporate high-end brand revenues grew in double digits; in the emerging industry, revenues from heating and air conditioning increased in three digits on a year-on-year basis; and in the European market, market shares gradually increased as initiatives to upgrade corporate brands, new products, organizational changes and so on took effect.
Upgrade: According to gfk data, the share of company refrigerators and washing machines in markets such as Italy, France, the United Kingdom and Spain increased by 0.6 pp, 0.3 pp, respectively; 3) in South Asian markets, corporate income increased by more than gross interest rates, digital reforms were implemented, and cost rates continued to improve during the reporting period.
The Māori rate is 25.4% (+0.1 pp), the sales cost rate is 9.6% (-0.1 pp), and the management cost rate is 3.1% (-0.1 pp), and we believe that there is still room for improvement in overall efficiency as the company’s digitization reform continues.
Inter-district committees decide on the percentage to be attributed and the pay and appraisal committee agree to be attributed: less than 16.8%, with 40% of the equity interest in the project under their name. • Profit forecasting and investment advice. Company, as the leader of the electric and intelligent family solution, moves globally.
Multi-brand, multi-product layouts, taking full advantage of high-end home power market opportunities, and digging deep into user values. Hale Jijit (600690) is expected to grow robustly, both within and outside the country, and will not receive any direct or indirect compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.