Kang Eining sold $200 billion a year, collected yoy + 25.5 per cent, net profit yoy + 0.54 per cent and maintained the “buy-in” performance forecast: the company released a fast-track performance report for 2016, bringing total operating income to $154.84 billion a year.
Won, yoy+25.5%; net profit of $12.4 billion, yoy+0.54%, ps 1.1. Performance analysis: Net profit growth in companies is lower than the rate of revenue growth, driven by an overall decline in the overall Māori rate, mainly due to (1) an increase in the share of low profit margin items settled. (2) Company year-round closing
The share of cooperative projects has increased significantly, with minority shareholder rights rising to around 30%, and product portfolios have risen by almost 5 percentage points over the same period, directly affecting the growth of net profits. (3) High profits in 2016
The scale of the ad hoc completion rate fell short of expectations. Sales increased significantly, reaching over 200 billion during the year: in December, according to sales data, institutional investors accounted for the share of the circulation a.
The industry is in a low-season season, and is being affected by the tightening of the policy of second-line city-based lending restrictions in recent hotspots, with the overall decline in industry sales, which rose significantly in mid-30 December, and which continues to grow at a positive rate, with companies selling significantly better than industry.
Average. A historic breakthrough in corporate sales throughout the year, cumulatively in January-December, amounted to US$ 342.5 billion; US$ 154.8 billion was carried over from year to year, leaving a significant increase in the remaining open land expansion: 27 new company land projects in December were concentrated in Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, and Shanghai.
In the first and second-line cities of Guangzhou, Nanjing, Nakayama, Qingjia, etc., there are 6.5 million square metres of buildings, 4.89 million square metres of profit and a total of 29.5 billion yuan in interest.
Youy+81%, representing 56% of sales, increased by 7 percentage points from 2015, with sufficient land reserves. The company’s land expansion was diversified, and its integration with China’s ad hoc properties in 2016 has yielded phased results and will gradually increase its land acquisitions with China.
The ratio of high-morigin projects carried forward by the company over 17 years will increase, and performance will be significantly higher, with reference to chinaresearchdept. expected remuneration (expected return; er), as described below:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.