The United States Group (000333): The depth series (i) is beautiful, intelligent, innovative □ moving from integrated home-based electric taps to technology groups with good performance in the past.
From the US Group to the present, through M & As, the expansion of product lines, market channels, etc., the company’s industrial chain from the original single-product single market to today’s diversified industrial chain, multi-brand products, and domestic and foreign markets, together with this year’s success.
The U.S. has been successfully transformed into a global technology giant by a traditional electric power company. According to America’s conglomerate’s vanity in the home power industry + ongoing research and development of innovative products + the future of the Chinese market robots.
For the second half of the year and the first half of next year, the demand for electricity has increased, and the replacement cycle has begun.
The demand for high-end products is strong and the industry is expected to continue; in the case of small household electricity (including cooking power), the introduction of new products to trigger market heat; and the global robotics will also be kept stable by the economic recovery, and the United States group will continue to grow its income in 2017, thus giving companies 19 times the amount of dynamic pe.
The current valuation level of the industry, which we “recommend” to the American group, has led to unanticipated sales of domestic electricity as a result of the downturn in consumer markets;2 the rising cost of major raw materials;3 and the legal, political, economic and other risks to the expansion of offshore markets in local countries:4, exchange rate risks: 5,
The United States was founded in 1968, with funding of $5,000 from 23 residents of the North Pole, and started producing fans in 1980 and entering the domestic electricity sector. In 1981, the “American” trademark was officially registered, and the “American” was born. In 1985, the “American air-conditioning plant” was set up and entered the air-conditioning system.
In the eight years since then, the United States has completed a system of shareholdings, gradually developing a modern enterprise system; developing large and small household power industries, diversifying their products, strengthening their products, building up their brands and bringing in the best talent: promoting a business system that optimizes market structures, regional structures, management structures, etc.
The structure of the business, which was listed on November 12, 1993 as an American electrical device (000527), became the first listed company approved by the CSRC to be converted from a township enterprise. As a result of the company’s continued development, the United States began the process of mergers and acquisitions, expanding its product lines, market channels, etc.
There are also 15 production bases in Guangdong-Shunde, Guangzhou, Nakayama, Anhui-Yung-chung, Wuhan-chung, Wuhan-chung, Hubei, Jiang Su-soo, Huai-an, Su-zhou and Changzhou, Chongqing, Shanxi-King, Jiang Xi-Gyu-chung-chung, Hebei-chung-chung.
In large regions, six countries abroad have production bases: Viet Nam, Belarus, Egypt, Brazil, Argentina, India. On 18 September 2013, the company integrated electricity, small household power, electric power, logistics operations as American blocs (000333), bringing the domestic electricity industry horizontally, at the back end and through the channel.
At the same time, the U.S. created a career manager system, which was replaced in 2012 by Fang Hongbo as the chairman of the U.S. Group. In the 49 years that the U.S. group was formed, the U.S. had beautiful, small swans, gmccmbiz, eureka, kuka, swisslog, servotronix, toshiba, etc., in more than a dozen countries and abroad.
Famous brands, and with the company’s brand power, have won numerous prizes. The vanguard of a beautiful group, a technology empire with a family electricity chain, a family electricity line, a global reach, good corporate governance, a strong and growing performance, has been established.
Chart 2: America’s Group Honours, 2 M&As, and a step-by-step expansion of the business landscape.
The year's overseas M&As, with their M&A footprints spread across Japan, Germany, the United States, Italy, the firm's size has grown rapidly from $10 billion to $100 billion, and the company's industrial chain has grown from the original single-product single market to today's diversified product chains, multi-product multi-brand products and domestic and foreign markets.
As far back as 1999, in order to master the core technologies of air conditioning, the American group acquired 60% of Toshigi Mandalay’s shares, becoming the only country to have access to mechanisms ranging from industrial design, molding, power-making, electronic control, to compression.
In 2011, the Brazilian production base was acquired to expand the market in South America; in 2011, the Argentine production base was acquired; and in 2012, the Indian production base was established in a joint venture.
In the last two years, more attention has been paid to the acquisition of Toshiba's white household electricity, Italy’s clivet central air conditioning, and Germany’s kuka robotics. The acquisition of Toshiba’s global white household electricity business, breaking down Japanese market barriers, and deepening small household electricity development.
In June of that year, the United States acquired 80.1 per cent of Toshiba's major power business, the Toshiba Equipping Company, a 40-year global authorization of Toshiba brand, over 5,000 home-related technology patents and Toshiba, at the expense of 53.7 billion yen (approximately $473 million) in cash and debt of 25 billion yen (approximately $220 million).
Together with Toshiba's white household power business, first of all, it enhances America's brand image. Toshiba has a 100-year history and has a high profile in overseas markets, particularly in South-East Asia; and second, fast.
Japan is a relatively high market with relatively high entry barriers, with easy access to the Japanese market through Toshiba, and wide distribution channels; and third, acquisition of R & D technology and upgrading of manufacturing levels. The United States has many patents on Toshiba, such as the dd power and frequency control patents, refrigerator insulation patents that upgrade washing machines and refrigerators.
Quality and performance. Small household appliances like dishwashers, vacuum cleaners, etc. can accelerate the development of non-white household electricity for the future.
Unlike domestic air-conditioning, where large central air-conditioning is sold mainly through bidding channels, where firms need local resources to get their products into the local market, the more important thing is that the United States buys the European market for its central air-conditioning operations. Prior to that, the United States already had a full range of central air-conditioning spaces.
The blending of products, including large cold water units, multi-connected, aero-energy water heaters, home-based central air conditioners, wall furnaces, etc., the central air conditioner in clivet, which is dominated by large cold water units, and the combination of beauty with clivet, is an important way of opening up the European market, in addition to being a technically complementary product, and clivet can also use it.
With the advent of industry 4.0, the introduction of automation will accelerate the process of industrialization and the introduction of industrial robots.
Our manufacturing industry is far less automated than the developed countries. In 2015, the density of our industrial robots (the number of industrial machines per 10,000 workers) was only 49, well below the international average of 69, Korea, Japan, Germany.
With a high density of 531, 305, 301, and a low density of use, our robot market is equipped with Kukaaktiengesellschaft, one of the world's four largest robotic companies, the United States acquisition of the card (94.55 per cent shareholding) and its intention in the field of robotics and industrial automation.
It is clear that, as early as 2012, nearly a thousand robots have accumulated in the United States, a new robotics business unit was established in 2015, and the acquisition of Kuka was completed in 2017, in line with the global trend of “automated robotics in the manufacturing process.” In conjunction with the Kuka, first of all, it can address rising labour costs and improve productivity.
Second, subsidiary Anders Logistics can also benefit from the supply of logistics equipment and systems, leading by the Kuka Group subsidiary Rishig, that improves logistics efficiency and expands third-party logistics operations. Third, it will provide a rich variety and specialization of service robotics in the future.
On the whole, a sophisticated capital operation has enabled every piece of America that was initially unseenly acquired to be easy to achieve, by constantly sourcing and sourcing technology short-chains, expanding channels, increasing the variety of products, and improving technology. In addition to enriching the company’s full-scale development of household electricity, the increase in overseas revenues has been accompanied by an increase in the country’s income.
In 2012, the domestic electricity industry experienced a cold winter and the domestic market as a whole remained depressed, with US domestic market revenues falling by 34.53 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while foreign markets grew by 2.66 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Since then, foreign market revenues have grown steadily, again exceeding the domestic market in 2015, at a rate of between 2014 and 2017.
Three, moving from integrated home-based telecoms to technology groups, with good performance in the past and promising future operations across consumer appliances, heating air conditioning, robotics and automated systems, and smart supply chain systems.
The company’s main operations are four: first, consumer appliances, with refrigerators, washing machines, kitchen appliances and a variety of small household appliances; second, heating and ventilation, with household air conditioning, central air conditioning, heating and ventilation systems; and third, Kuka Group, Ancheon Robots Joint Venture.
In 2016, washing machines and spare parts, refrigerators and spare parts in consumer appliances, various types of cards, and in January, robotics and automated systems began to form an important part of the company ' s principal operating income.
In mid-2012, the country’s electricity sector entered the end of a series of national stimulus policies, and the market returned to a competitive position.
Hongbo has taken over America’s group chairman and started a series of changes and adjustments, and the company operates around three strategic pillars: “products lead, efficiency drive, and global operations.” In the face of multiple disadvantages, such as macroeconomic downsides, consumption stimulus exits, and real-estate policy regulation, beauty can always maintain a robust income position.
Gross operating income for 2013-2016 was $12,265 million, $14,2311 million, $13,9347 million, and the total operating income for the first three quarters of January-September was $18,77.64.
Increases in rates and net interest rates are due mainly to higher R&D inputs + continued product structure optimization + sales fees and reduced costs such as management costs + manufacturing efficiency and quality improvements. The impact on Māori rates, net interest rates, sales costs, and administrative costs is also manageable in 2016, combined with Toshiba, 2017 and post-Kuka
Companies break the traditional “product-based” model and introduce the “t+3” model. The model is based on customer demand, with four cycles (t) receiving user orders, raw materials, factory production, shipment sales, passing through industry-wide chain advantages, supply-and-distribution-based manufacturing processes, further compressing supply cycles and upgrading customers.
Satisfaction and market occupancy rates meet market demand quickly. Compared to the previous “research and develop what to sell”, the American group now customizes the product in a user-led manner, looking for the product needed at the end of the market, increasing product power while reducing stock levels, significantly improving business cycles and cash flow levels.
Figure 11: The stock turnover rate has steadily increased, with more than 3.2 types of household electricity products moving at the centre-to-high end, increasing the coverage of low-prevalence products. Groups continued to earn more than 87 per cent of their total business income prior to the acquisition of the cards.
Household electricity covers white household appliances such as air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, etc.; kitchen appliances such as oil smokers, gas stoves, disinfectors, microwaves, cooking stoves, electromagnetic stoves, etc.; household appliances such as vacuum cleaners, heaters, wetters, water kettles, etc. The highest share of electricity in total operating income has been air conditioners.
This is followed by small household appliances (with cooking power), washing machines that have exceeded the refrigerators in the last three years. The fastest increase in access to electricity in the last two years was in washing machines (as compared to +34.13 per cent in 2016), followed by ice boxes (as compared to +30.93 per cent in 2016), small household appliances (as compared to +22.11 per cent in 2016), air conditioners (2016).
Figure 13: Household appliances as a proportion of total operating income 3.2.1 Household air-conditioning operations: domestic sales and power form double-hatting, with strong external sales rankings at the top. At this stage, the domestic air-conditioning market industry is more concentrated and has developed a beautiful and greasy double-hatting base
According to industry online data for January-August 2017, the top 10 producers have an industrial concentration of more than 90 per cent, while the United States has a market share of 54.02 per cent combined with G.I. In terms of internal and external sales, the United States has the highest market share of 28.67 per cent in aggregate exports, with a market share of 21.81 per cent second only to G.I.
In the second half of 2015, the channel went to stock, resulting in the same share of air conditioners being sold in the first half of 2016.
The rate of internal sales has increased steadily since the start of the summer of July, when the pipeline stock began to clear air conditioners, and with the combined effect of low storage and low base effect. The same rate of sales has increased by December. Figure 17: Within monthly air conditioners in China.
Figure 18: Monthly inventories of air conditioners in China. For exports, the growth trend continued in 2017 after nearly three years of export growth in 2016. Total exports in January-September were 4,517 million, an increase of 12.87 per cent over the same period; Asia and Africa in terms of export areas.
The Americas are our main export point for air conditioning. In these two regions, many developing countries, either in the tropics or in the subtropics, have relatively low penetration rates, and there will still be good development space in the future.
Central air-conditioning has been limited by high prices. As the price of traditional household air-conditioning has risen, the accumulated amount of air-conditioning per household can be replaced by a central air-conditioning unit, and the central air-conditioning is more energy-efficient and more elegant than the traditional domestic air-conditioning, and the central air-conditioning is replaced by the conventional air-conditioning unit.
In the first half of 2017, the country ' s central air-conditioning market grew by 25 per cent, largely as a result of a significant increase in the retail market, a small and medium-sized project market and demand for home-backed markets, where retail markets grew by more than 40 per cent over the past six months and nearly 20 billion market sizes were new to history. Retail surges led to domestic demand.
At this stage, we are promoting the renovation of real estate to provide the central air conditioner brand with a growth engine for the central air conditioner brand, which has a market share of 16.81 per cent in the United States.
Central air conditioners in the United States have a series of mdvx central air conditioners for villas, a complex apartment and a series of large household tr central air conditioners, air energy water heaters for home-based water heating solutions, a new wind cleaning unit for indoor air quality, a gas wall furnace for house heating and a "coal conversion power" in the North for products that are above product requirements.
A whole series of products, such as heat heat pump heaters for low-temperature air.
The growth of alternative space is expected to continue at a good rate in the future.
3.2.3 Laundry machine operations: The universalization period is now entering the replacement period, and non-traditional items such as roller-type and frequency-shifting will continue to be used as one of the most widely available household appliances, with a population of 94.20 per cent in urban areas and 84 per cent in rural areas, and have gradually moved from the universalization period to the replacement period.
The apparel machines, which are mainly waver, have been introduced as technology has improved, with the introduction of different types of washing machines, such as roller-type washing machines, variant washing machines, and a gradual increase in sales. In terms of internal and external sales, the number of internal sales has been significantly higher than the number of sales, with the monthly sales in September of this year being as high as 74.06 per cent.
Figure 23: The rate of use of washing machines is extremely high in both urban and rural areas.
As with the air-conditioning industry, the washing machine industry is beginning to develop a situation of beauty with Hale. According to industry online data, the market share of the US with Hale was 50.84% in January and August of this year. The US share was 25.53% and the Hale 25.30%.
As the demand for washing machines is no longer satisfied with cleaning, new demands for clothing such as smoothness, drifting rates, drying, etc. make new washing machines available. A beautiful washing machine provides insight into user pain points and market demand.
Launch of a series of sales products such as cold water washing, anti-allergy, bldc smart frequency, iclean mind cleaning, ultrasound washing and catalyzing. This year's beautiful fast washing machine won the Appleland Prize for Innovation, a small swan roller, a dry-cleaning one with an anti-allergen test certificate, and a Beverly roller with a 12-year-old national laundryer.
We believe that the low penetration will accelerate with the cycle of replacement of the washing machine. If the penetration rate is rapidly increased from 27% in 2014 to 37% in July 2017, it is expected to be achieved over the next three years.
50%. In addition to being competitive, the United States group is integrated with Toshiba's M&A project, using synergies between the advantages of self-empowerment and the technological advantages of Toshiba, and the washing machines are still growing rapidly.
In recent years, the refrigerator market has been weak, starting with a decline in production in 2012. The lowest production rate in five years in 2015 was improved in 2016, but far less than in other electricity markets. In terms of sales, overall sales have remained low or negative.
With a weak overall market performance, the market share of cr6 is gradually increasing, and industry concentration is increasing. Haile’s market share is first, followed by the United States, closing the gap with increased R & D inputs and increased resources from channel distributors. As consumption rises, refrigerator design
3.2.5 Small electric businesses: The persistence of strong cookers, such as smoke stoves, is evident, and companies are beginning to move towards the center.
High-end development; other small household electricity lines continue to expand, and there is much room for low-prevalence product growth. The domestic cooking and electricity industry has grown relatively mature after 30 or 40 years, and market and brand patterns are initially established.
Second-line branding is unshakeable. In 2017, the first six months of the most important real-estate improvement market for cooking power were 9.8%, 9.2%, 7.8%, and the first five were ranked first.
Figure 30: 3rd market for refined real estate in oil-smoking machines, Figure 31: 4th market for improved real estate in gas stoves and stoves in beauty.
I'm the boss of Fang Tai-mi, Siemens Heir, and others, and I'm the fifth person in the market for the improvement of the sterilized cabinets and real estate.
The rise in real estate in 2016 also led to the growth of the cooking and electricity industry, the acceleration of industry shuffling, the increase in brand concentration, and the persistence of strong players. The beauty of the market, by virtue of its brand advantage, constantly raises its market share, always keeps the first team. According to the retail monitoring data from Mid-Eicon, the smoke smoker is on the line.
The share of retail sales in 2016 was 9.5% higher than in 2015; retail sales in the online market were 0.7% higher in 2016
As consumption rises, household power begins to move towards high-end, and in the last two years, beautiful cooking power has also launched such fine products as the Skyscreen series of European steam-washing smokers for intelligent automatic steam-cleaning, which is easier to help clients solve the problems of oil-smoking smokers that are difficult to wash, and the prices of which are close to the high-end cooking tap boss appliances.
From the initial low-cost market to the best, beauty is pushing the brand to move from the lower to the upper-middle end. In addition to a seat in the big cooker's power, such as smoke stoves, in the edibles, in the electromagnetic stoves, in the microwaves.
In 2016, the retail market was 42.20%, 50.00%, 45.50%, 36.90%, and the market was ranked first for several years; microwaves, water purification equipment, vacuum cleaners, water heaters have also been in the top three markets in recent years.
In addition to the small household electricity mentioned above, the beauty of small household electricity, such as vacuum cleaners, dishwashers, etc., has also been active. In the third quarter of 2017, there was a 30% increase in the overall income of small household electricity (with cooking power), of which dishwashers have increased at a near rate of over 2 billion dollars per year and are scheduled to reach 20 billion by 2020.
Large, with more opportunities for product expansion, beautiful groups, with their own strong brand power, are more likely to take advantage of small home power markets with low brand concentration and low penetration. As can be seen, beauty is more competitive in the various sub-houses.
High-end products are rising faster by about 10%, and the profitability of individual appliances has increased. The beauty of the market has gone beyond low-end occupation and has gone up to high levels.
The path to development is more intelligent and innovative. 3.3 Into the 100 billion blue seas of robotics, our country, as a major manufacturing country, enjoys the advantage of the demographic dividend. But according to the World Health Group,
By 2050, 35% of China’s population will be over 60 years of age, making it the world’s most ageing country. As ageing increases, and the labour force declines, China will face a shortage of labour in the future.
The American group, a major power-making enterprise with 82,240 producers as of 2016, accounted for 85.30% of the total number of companies; and with the growth of the company’s operations, the size of the company grew.
In the future, labour shortages and rising labour costs are one of the most important problems, and companies have accumulated nearly a thousand robots in 2012; new robotics units were established in 2015; and the acquisition of the cards was completed in 2017. The company aims to develop the industrial machinery.
At the same time, new opportunities for service robots, such as smart logistics robots, rehabilitation of the retirement market, etc. Figure 42: Higher share of producers (as of 2016-12-31) Figure 43: Growth of producers is higher than that of other categories of employees
According to the China Robotic Industry Development Report, the global robots are abb of Switzerland, the four giants of China, the four giants of China, the two of Japan, Ancheon of Japan, and Kuka of Germany. The four firms together have a market share of more than 60% in China, more than 90% in the six axes, and their total share in the global market is as high as 53%.
As one of the four big players, Kuka's type of operation includes the provision of a large number of industrial robotics with different load capabilities and scope of work, professional production equipment and complete production systems, and the industry of services, including steam.
Car industry, e-commerce and retail logistics, electronics, energy, health care, consumer goods industry, 98 per cent more than the same, and continued access to new order resources, with 16 per cent more orders. United States co-ordinated with cards, from smart manufacturing applications, customer resource sharing, logistics and medical automation expansion, and collaboration with government funds
As a large, integrated and modern enterprise group, the United States has an internal organizational structure based mainly on the Ministry of Industry, which is product-centred, has a separate product and an independent market, and enjoys a great deal of business.
Autonomy, independent operation, independent accounting.
In 2017, the United States planned to develop the vacuum cleaner business in order to become a leader in the global vacuum industry.
Establishment of the Ministry of Cleaning and Electrical Services, the tenth department of the company, and nine other departments, including home air conditioning, washing machines, refrigerators, central air conditioners, kitchen appliances, household appliances, water heaters, environmental appliances, and articles.
t+3 is the result, the process is extremely demanding for the entire supply chain, inventory, production, and even channels, and the United States takes the lead in the laundry business.
Successful, streamlined management has begun to yield results, system-wide response speed, informatization, implementation performance good, and the future t+3 model will be extended to areas such as refrigerators, air conditioning.
Figure 47: "t+3" requires very high conditions to complete 5 and innovative introduction of a three-tier incentive system, which has been overstretched for three consecutive periods since 2014 when the United States Group introduced equity incentives.
2000 employees, three innovative layers of incentives this year, namely, third partnership scheme, restricted equity incentive, fourth options incentive, restricted stock incentive scheme and fourth tranche of equity incentive scheme, for middle- and core business cadres, and third partners plan, for overall performance and medium- and long-term development of the company.
Corporate core managers who have a significant role to play, and companies will bring management and corporate governance through well-established incentive systems