Simulation of the chip lead business, I.R.A. Extension period, depth report of St. State shares (300661), March 31, 2025.
Chen Wei-gwang, the national production simulation chip lead company, the full-scale layout drives growth.
Two main core areas, product coverage magnifiers, data converters, dc/dc converters, and 32 broad categories of residual models, covering consumer electronics, industrial controls, object networking, artificial intelligence, clouds, etc.
Several fields, such as computing, new energy sources, car electronics, medical electronics, wearable equipment and communications, are among the few suppliers in the country that have the ability to model chip designs for the whole package.
In recent years, in the context of trade friction, the replacement of national products in the integrated circuits category has accelerated, with companies expanding their downstream customers and products through in-house research and expansion, and companies achieving robust growth in business performance in 2017-2023.
The company’s performance has been under pressure, but it has continued to push for the optimization of its product structure by actively developing industries, auto electronics, etc., and adding up the industry’s climate to a return to growth trajectory in 2024. Simulation of a chip’s national production replacement space, ai terminals, and auto electronic drivers, have risen at a very high price as electronics.
The system's "hearts" are widely used in electronic circuits, where ai can wear devices that see through, auto electricization and intelligent waves are expected to drive the industry to a full price. According to icinsights, the global simulation chip market was over $80 billion in 2023, but the industry's main market share was taken into account.
Euro-American companies dominate, domestic simulation chip self-sufficiency rates are low, and industrial alternatives are wide. As a champion of simulation chip-based firms, the State is expected to lead the process of self-control of the chip through intensive R & D and external M & As.
R & D + M & A, and companies are expected to take a growth path to the foreign giants. Building on the growth path of the overseas Texas instruments, Yadnos, etc., modeled on the growth path of the microchip, most of which is cross-cutting by “M & D + Out-of-country.”
Cost is 26.5 per cent, with 1,085 R & D personnel (73 per cent) and high-end products such as synchronous pressure-relief chips, ultra-low noise ldos for ti/adi; and, in M & As, companies have continued to acquire such enterprises as the Xinhai Semiconductor, the Changzhou Wise Smart, and rapidly expand power management, automobiles, etc.
At the policy level, “Section 8” explicitly supports the restructuring of hard-tech firms into M & A, offering company extensions.
The signal chain is two main areas, and is driven by in-house research and enterprise development. Short-term viewing of corporate beneficiary industries 1. Domestic high-end chip simulators, platform-based layout drives business growth, 1.1 internal chip simulators, “symbol chains + power management” double-wheel drive.
Nationally produced high-end simulation chip lead business, with a good product class coverage. The São Bong Wei Electronics (Beijing) Inc. (known as the São Paulo shares) was founded in January 2003 and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange’s business board in 2017 (stock code 300661). Since its inception, the company has focused on the R&D, design, production and marketing of simulation chips.
The company’s product lines cover the signal chain and the power management two main areas, of which the signal chain chip contains a series of products such as magnifiers, data converters, interface chips, and the power management chip covers dc/dc converters, ldo
The company, as the lead company in the domestic simulation of integrated circuit design industry, has a more comprehensive matrix of integrated circuit products with a mix of simulations and modules, with 32 major categories as of the first half of 2024.
More than 5,200 items are available for sale, with an average of more than 700 items added each year. For downstream applications, corporate products are widely used in such areas as consumer electronics, industrial controls, physical networking, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, new energy sources, automobile electronics, medical electronics, wearing equipment, and communications.
In industrial automation systems, from plant automation, photovoltaics, storage energy, electrical grid automation, testing measurements, video surveillance, etc., to medical care; in automobile operations, companies produce products in electric car recharge infrastructure, driver monitoring systems (dms), vehicle chargers (obc/dc-dc), electric car battery management system (hc), vehicle body control
Productions, vehicle-mounted laser radars, sound and entertainment systems, etc., are widely used.
The company is part of a semiconductor company (fables) that specializes in the development and marketing of integrated circuits and outsources production links to a professional manufacturer, i.e., procures custom-made crystals from a crystal manufacturing plant and sends them to a downstream containment plant for sealing and testing, thus completing the production of the product.
High, High-Tar Semiconductor, Middle-Crystal International and Power Generation, among other things, where a battery is the company’s main manufacturer of crystal-crystal production; for downstream containment companies, where the company’s main provider of encapsulation and testing services is long-range electrical, micro-fiche and Chinese-Technology, with which it maintains long-term and stable cooperation. In addition, the company’s research and development base will be 2025.
Yearly production, with a major focus on special testing operations, provides technical support and guarantees for the continuous expansion of the company’s products to high performance, higher quality, and greater variety of products from within the enterprise. Equity structure: the company’s equity structure is stable, and the controller has many years of in-house experience.
Mr. Zhang has indirectly held 19.13% of São Bong Wei Tee (Beijing) Inc. through Chongqing (100% shareholding) and is a co-activist with Chongqing Pali Hong (100% shareholding), Mr. Lin Lin, and Hiro Wai International as of the third quarter of 2024.
Mr. Zhang and his co-actors together held 37.37 per cent of the company ' s shares, with 176 million shares.
The company’s business performance has increased steadily in recent years, but in 2023 it was affected by the industry’s climate. In recent years, the replacement of national production in the integrated circuits category has accelerated in the context of trade gains and friction, adding to weak demand in areas such as downstream client control through the expansion of internal research, which has led to a decline in the unit price of corporate product sales, as well as a further strain on the growth of research and development inputs.
The forecast is that in 2024, the net return to home-grown profits will be positive and business performance will return to growth track. The company released on 27 January a call for a bottom-up recovery and a further recovery of demand in areas such as industry and auto-electronics, and the firm will actively explore new and emerging areas such as industry and automobile electronics, as well as continue to push for product structural optimization, such as promoting R&D in car regulation products and driving the company back to growth track.
Power Management + Signal Chains, a two-wheel drive, with more than 60% power management chip. Corporate products cover both power management and signal chain areas. In terms of business share, in the first half of 2024, the Māori rate for corporate signal chain products was consistently higher than for power management chips, and the Māori rate was largely consistent.
In 2016, the difference between corporate signal-chain products, power-management chips, and Māori rates were kept ahead of the country in terms of the size of the company ' s revenues, with profitability higher than the average of comparable companies. The selection of Sírep (688536), Ai Electronics (688798), Nachi Micro (688052), South core technology (688484), Shanghai Ridge (600171).
Compare the profitability of the reporting period since 2020 with comparable companies with São Paulo (688173) and other simulated chips listed as São Paulo shares. The São Paulo shares in 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, and before 2024, interest rates were higher than the average of comparable companies and their counterparts, and the decline in the Māori rate in the industry ' s downside was even smaller, reflecting a smaller decline.
In recent years, the company has continued its efforts to reduce efficiency gains, adding up sales, increasing sales revenue, leading to scale effects, and declining overall sales/finance/management costs. As product product numbers have grown and management capabilities have grown, adding companies to higher Māori markets, and generating income per company.
2. Automobile electrons, wearables and devices are driving the expansion of the industry, indigenous taps are replacing the 2.1 simulation chip as an important component of the integrated circuit, i can wear it, car electronic drive scale-up. Simulation chip is a chip used to process analogue signals and is an important part of the integrated circuit.
Division, signal in electronic circuits can be divided into analogue signals and digital signals. Simulation integrated circuits are mainly integrated by capacitors, electrical resistors, transistors, etc., which are used to process integrated circuits of analogue signals and transmit information in the form of analogue signals. Common simulation chipes include amplifiers, power management chips, signal chain chips, etc., in industry, cars, communications, etc.
According to wsts, the global market for integrated circuits in 2022 was approximately $428.442 billion, of which $81.225 billion, or 18.96 per cent, was an important group of integrated circuits.
The chip focuses more on accuracy and linearity, pursuing high confidence noise, high stability, high accuracy and low power consumption, rather than extreme speed of operation, and does not increase linearly as the width of the line narrows. From an economic point of view, simulation of the chip allows cost to be effectively controlled by mature processes, and adapts to the multiplicity of simulation chips and market fragmentation.
Simulation of chip production capacity is mainly at 8 inches of crystal circle and mostly concentrated in maturation processes of 28 nm and above.In terms of process type, domestic simulation design companies rely heavily on crystallizer standard processes, while the top ten global models, chip-making companies all have their own process platforms to ensure the sophistication and uniqueness of their products and to safeguard them.
Continuous competitiveness. Current applications for simulation of integrated circuits include the bcd process and other processes such as cmos, dmos, in which the bcd process is the dominant process for simulation chips, the main applications being power and battery control, display drive, auto electron, industrial drive, etc., with broad market prospects and towards high pressure,
The simulation chip can be divided into generic and specialized simulation chips. The simulation chip can be divided into generic and specialized chips, depending on the degree of customization. According to icinsights, the ratio of global generic, specialized simulation chips in 2022.
Not 40%, 60%. Of these, the design performance parameters of the generic simulation chips (generalpurposeanalogics) are not specific to certain types of applications, but are applicable to a wide variety of electronic systems and can be applied in a variety of fields, such as power management, data conversion and interface circuits. By function and application scenario, the generic simulation chips can be divided into electricity.
Source management chips (powermanagementic) and signal chain chips (signalchainic) are two major categories. Of these, power management chips are primarily used to manage the relationship between power sources and circuits, and are responsible for power conversion, distribution, detection, etc. functions. The main product types include dc-dc chip, ac-dc chip, linear power chip, battery management chip, etc.;
The chain simulation chip is mainly used to receive, process, send analogue signals, convert light, magnetic field, temperature, sound, etc. to digital signals, and the main products include amplifiers, filters, variants, etc. The generic simulation chip has a longer life cycle, more product breakdowns, and is more decentralized downstream customers, no.
Specially designed simulation chips (application-specificnalogics) are designed and made to meet specific user needs and specific electronic systems. They are designed on the basis of specialized applications, and they are generally aggregated with numbers and simulations.
ic, more complex and integrated, sometimes called hybrid signalic. Specialized models More customized than generic chip, requiring special design of product parameters, dimensions and performance based on client needs, with higher design barriers compared to generic chip. Downstream application scenarios, the specialized chip fields include downstream.
Communications, auto-electronics, consumer electronics, computers, industrial markets, etc., due to the opening of specific applications, specialized chips are more irreplaceable, added value and Maori rates are usually higher. Simulation chips are widely applied downstream, with a three-pronged pattern of “communication-car-industry.”
The main components of the film, simulation chips, have control functions in electronic equipment management such as power switching, distribution, testing, etc. The field of downstream applications is wide-ranging, covering traditional applications such as communications, computing and storage, industrial applications, consumer electronics, and emerging applications such as automobile electronics.
The emergence of new industries such as energy and artificial intelligence, the performance requirements of downstream terminal equipment and application markets for simulation chips, from downstream applications to downstream applications, and based on data from icinsights and the Chinese Institute of Industry, the country's simulation of downstream applications has a three-pronged pattern of “communication-car-industry”, with the most widespread use in communications, at 36.2 per cent.
The second is motor electronics and industrial controls, which account for 24.3 per cent and 20.5 per cent, respectively, while consumer electronics and computers account for 20.5 per cent.
The rate of penetration has risen rapidly. According to the China-China Air Association, the number of new energy cars sold in 2020 was 136,7 million, the penetration rate reached a significant increase in the electron content of new energy vehicles compared to that of fuel cars, and the demand for car chips was boosted. The three main components of the conventional fuel vehicles (engine, tank and transformer) were mechanical structures, with fewer electronic requirements for vehicles, while the “III” used by new energy vehicles was “three”
Power systems (cells, motors, electrical controls) require a large number of electronic control units for energy conversion and transmission, with a significant increase in car sub-levels compared to fuel cars. New energy vehicles are moving in the direction of intelligence, network connectivity, leading to the gradual introduction of electronic systems, such as adas (advanced driving support systems), smart cabins, etc., and are also contributing to raising the electronic cost of cars.
Il. According to the Chinese Automotive Industry Association, fuel cars typically use between 600 and 700 chips, while electric cars, especially new energy vehicles equipped with high-level driving functions, have achieved a significant increase in the number of improvised chips, which may require the use of between 1,600 and 3,000 chips, up to three to five times higher.
Figure 23: Motor motorization, intelligence, web connectivity for a variety of semiconductors Figure 22: Autoelectronics matrix Vehicle chip thresholds are high and national substitution remains industry-based. Automobile electrons are car-related compared to consumer electronics
Car electronics also face higher functional and information security requirements as smart networks are promoted and applied. As a result, the technology threshold for vehicle-borne chips is significantly higher than that for consumer electronic chips, and the main market share of the industry is still held by overseas firms.
According to techinsights, in 2023, global motor semiconductor market suppliers increased their revenues from $59.4 billion in 2022 to $69.2 billion, 16.5 per cent more than in the same year, and the top five sectors together accounted for more than 51 per cent of the market share, with British flying accounting for 14 per cent of the market.
Lately, there are large gaps in technology and size, and there is a wide range of national production alternatives. Simulator chips are widely used in cars, benefiting from auto electricization, intelligence, and networking. Simulation chips are used in almost all car electronic components, and traditional car electronics are used for car-borne entertainment, dashboards, body electrons, and so on.
Leed power management, etc., is widely used in new energy cars for power systems, smart car smart cabin systems, and autopilot systems. According to ihs, a class fuel vehicle has about 100 analog chips and a class electric vehicle has up to 350 chips; a class B fuel vehicle has about 160 simulation chips, and a pure motor vehicle has nearly 400 electric power.
C-class car simulation chips are more than 650. Consumer electrons: one can wear equipment that is expected to penetrate quickly. Compared to ai cell phone, aipc, etc., ai can wear equipment (e.g., ai headphones, ai watch, ai glasses, etc.) collects personal data, natural interactions and multi-model capabilities, portability.
In the case of i smart glasses, for example, the i smart glasses are still in the process of being explored, traditional mobile phone manufacturers, Internet manufacturers, and start-up companies are exploring the i smart glasses program and publishing new products. According to Wellsenn,
In the year, the ai+ar smart glasses will be replaced by traditional smart glasses with a penetration rate of 70 per cent, and the global sales of the ai+ar smart glasses will reach 1.4 billion, the size of which corresponds to the smartphone, becoming the next generation of universal computing platforms and simulation chips, which are an important part of the i've got to wear, and are expected to benefit from end penetration.
The dismantling of the raybanmeta smart glasses reported a combined hardware cost of $149 for the product (excluding odm/oem), of which $14.6, or 9.80 per cent, of the total cost of simulated chips, covered such product classes as power management chips, radio frequency chips, bridge chips, led drive chips, audio chips, typec protocol chips, w-fi chips, Hall chips, etc.
Chip products, which are widely used in wearable equipment and of low value to a single class, are expected to benefit from the ai wearable 2.2, based on overseas simulations of the long-term growth path, and the prospect of a global simulation of the competitive pattern of chips in the company ' s external expansion of national production is promising: the pattern of competition is stable and fragmented, with a clear pre-emptive advantage for European and American manufacturers.
Simultaneous sub-chip classes are more complex, so the pattern of competition is stable and fragmented, and has not yet assumed an absolute dominant position. Developed countries in Europe and the United States have started early in integrated circuits, with the top five shares of global simulation chips developed over many years in financial, technological, and customer resources, respectively, for Texas 19%, Adeno (13%), Stellar (8%),
British fliers (7%) and algebra semiconductors (5%), industry cr 5 is 52%, while other enterprises together account for 48%. In the case of power management chips, the top six of the market shares of global power management chips in 2022, according to data from electronic fever friends, are as follows: Texas instruments (17%), Adeno (12%), British fliers (10%), Roma (8%), United States microfiche
Core (7 per cent) and high to high (6 per cent), industry cr6 is 60 per cent, while other enterprises together account for 40 per cent. Figure 27: Competition patterns in the global simulation chip industry, 2023: Competition patterns in the global power management chip market, 2022
State instrument  Yadno  Engling  Roma  U.S. microchip , other state instrument
With the lesser influence of Moore's laws and a high degree of reliance on engineers' experience and technological accumulation, the relationships between manufacturers and large clients are usually strong and downstream demand is widespread and dispersed, so the pattern of competition in the industry is relatively stable, with single manufacturers having difficulty in monopolizing all areas. According to icinsights, industrycr5 rose from 44% to 44% between 2017 and 2021.
We are the largest consumer of chips in the world, but the self-sufficiency rate is still low. According to the American semi-conductor industry association (sia), with billions of dollars, or 29.46 per cent, is the largest semiconductor consumer market in the world. In contrast to the high demand, we have a low self-control rate, which, according to techinsights and semi data, was about 23 per cent in 2023.
While significant progress has been made over 14% of the 2014 level, the overall ownership of the chip remains low compared to the large downstream demand, and the national production replacement space is vast. Recapitulation of the overseas simulation of the flagship development: a continuous build-up of R & D inputs to provide a long-term, stable basis for growth.
The global simulator, Yadno, has maintained a high level of R & D costs, upgrading technology and expanding product lines through sustained R & D inputs. In Texas, for example, the company ' s annual R & D spending for 2013-2023 has remained at a leading position, successfully different from its counterparts; R & D costs have increased from $513 million in 2013.
R & D innovation has gradually become the dominant melody in the mimicry industry, with growing R & D inputs, accumulated R & D staff experience, and company technology upgrading, providing a long-term, stable growth base for analog chip companies. St. State shares focus on R & D as a driver of endogenous development, and R & D inputs are much higher than industry averages.
Reciprocal long-term growth: Simultaneous ic leads expand product categories through mergers and acquisitions, and capture and consolidate competitive advantages. Recapitulates the development of Texas instruments, Adeno, etc. Simultaneous ic leads, and we find that, in addition to continuously increasing R & D inputs, building technological strength and production experience, and making differences with competitors, most of these firms also take up mergers.
Purchase of expanded product categories, obtaining synergies and effectively consolidating and expanding market shares. For example, Texas instruments acquired national semiconductors (national semiconductor) for $6.5 billion in 2011 and improved product layouts through M&As in the areas of power management, display drives, audio operations magnifiers, communication interface chips (Ethernet) and data conversion programmes
The Bureau also expanded its product code from 30,000 to 42,000; after the acquisition, the company ' s share rose from 14 to 17 per cent, significantly ahead of other competitors, further consolidating its leadership in the global semiconductor market; and in 2014 Adeno acquired the radio frequency company tittiemicrowave with $2 billion to expand its radio frequency spectrum, microwave and millimetre wave technology
Supply of technical products; purchase of power plant company (lineartechnology company, ltc) in 2017 to acquire high-performance power technology to meet the increasing demand for automobile applications; acquisition of mail (maximintegrated products) in 2021, with $21 billion, in the area of communications and automobiles
Table: Major acquisitions in the simulation chip industry since 1999 we believe that the simulation chip has downstream applications, has a wide variety of product groups, has a rich product code, and has a single enterprise.
It is difficult for industries to gain absolute monopoly through autonomous R & D, especially in the face of new downstream applications. Through M & As, firms can quickly access the technology and product lines of the acquired companies and rapidly expand their market share and customer base, optimize product layout and catch-up, and significantly upgrade their market position.
For example, in the development of the Texas instrument, Adeno, multiple M & As integration is one of the quickest and most effective ways to achieve scale expansion and cross-cutting development. As a result, M & As is one of the quickest and most effective ways to model company ic’s product expansion, enrich product numbers, and strengthen firm competitiveness.
São Paulo shares have undergone multiple mergers and acquisitions since they were listed, expanding the size of companies and product groups. São Paulo shares have continued to expand their R & D, product and market layout in the area of simulation chips since 2017, when they were listed on a deep interface.
(a) The successful expansion of the company's indigenous research and development team, with the integration of Alpha staff into the São Paulo stock team; the acquisition of 28.7 per cent of the share of the Xinhai semiconductor with self-financing of $112 million in December of the same year, and the expansion of the layout of the product class for power management;
In August of the same year, 10 million yuan was allocated to Hangzhou's deep-sense 53.85 per cent equity to open the chain of signal products; in November 2020, $26.11 million was spent on the acquisition of inventory, fixed assets, business and other assets held electronically in Shanghai; and in March 2025, according to the company's interactive platform, the company acquired 67 per cent of the permanent state's sense of wisdom through a transaction, through hand-over.
Table 6: “Article 8” of the M & As process since the listing of São Paulo shares and the domestic simulation of the M & As of 19 June 2024, China's Censorship.
Eight Measures to Deepen Science, Technology and Innovation and the Development of Innovative Productivity in Services Reforms (hereinafter referred to as “article VIII”) will be issued, with the main elements of strengthening the “hard-tech positioning” of the innovation panels; optimizing the pricing mechanism for the issuance of new shares; improving the equity debt financing system for publicly listed companies on the innovation boards; strengthening support for merger and purchase restructuring; improving the incentive system for shareholding; and improving the transfer system.
Easy mechanisms to protect against market risks; enhanced chain-wide regulation of companies listed on the board; and active creation of eight measures such as good market ecology, which are expected to lead to high-quality development of the board. With regard to merger and purchase restructuring, “section eight” proposes greater efforts to support merger and purchase restructuring, including the establishment of “hard technology” firm equity financing, mergers and acquisitions that are well developed to carry out critical core technology closings.
Reorganizing “green corridors,” with appropriate improvements in the inclusiveness of valuations of M & As by listed companies, and enriching payment tools, among other things. We believe that domestic expectations for M & As in the simulated chip industry are becoming stronger, taking into account the history of M & As by leading overseas firms, and adding “eight articles” to the constant direction of industrial policy.
For the benefit of "R & D-inward + M & A " , companies move toward higher end-up. Companies are listed to drive product innovation through intensive and coding of R & D inputs, and are rolling out new products with fully autonomous intellectual property rights, such as a two-channel 2a flashlight led drive, a commodulation voltage range from 24v to 105v, a high-side current detection amplifier, 6a
Efficient synchronised power transfer chips, high-efficiency synchronized pressure-relief chips based on the autonomous development of an ampcot structure with rapid payload transient response capabilities, simultaneous pressure-relief chips with rapid transient response capacity of 23v output 8a, step-down chips, low-power low-pressure low-noise level ldo chips, rules to support external clock-synchronous frequencies
Level synchronised pressure reduction chips, ultra-low internal resistance mosfet chips, etc. In higher value-added car regulation areas, companies have pushed products such as high-speed low-side power chips that can withstand -10v voltage, and car-level synchronized pressure reduction chips that support external clock synchronization, using the 90nm simulation process and wlcsp containment technology, which should be applied to major international plants such as titium and adi.
With regard to scenery, high-end products such as 8a high-efficiency synchronized pressure reduction chips, nitrogenated thorium (gan) transistors, developed by the company through self-researching of the aptcot architecture, have developed differentiated competitiveness in emerging areas such as fast charging, ai servers, and the total number of materials in 2025 is expected to reach 6,000.
Since the company was listed, the share of consumer-type business has declined, products have gradually expanded to such broad-based industries as industry and automobiles. At the beginning of the listing in 2017, the area of downstream company applications was dominated by consumer-based electronics, accounting for about 60-70 per cent, and the area of industrial control, medical instruments, automobile electronics and so on, accounting for about 30-40 per cent, as companies moved to industry and automobile electronics.
As the technological strength of companies, good product rates, and quality control systems have gradually increased, the company’s strategy has been to add up to industry and automobiles.
The share of higher value-added pan-industrial business is expected to continue to rise as electronics continues to invest. Figure 36: The company’s revenue base in 2017 - by application industry, automobile industry, and global simulation chip industry, is expected to be at a turning point.
Two of Denault's simulators are up-to-date, and while both companies have been under pressure overall for the 2024 fiscal year, both companies have outperformed their previous fiscal seasons and are optimistic about demand prospects in areas such as industry, automobiles, etc., and some of the customer banks are nearing the end of their revisions, and the positive signals of the industry cycle are starting to rise.
Texas instrument: On 23 January, the company issued its fourth quarter financial report for the 2024 fiscal year, and the company ' s Fy24q4 realized revenues of $4.01 billion, a 2 per cent decline in the same year, a 3 per cent decline in the ring, exceeding the upper limit of the guidelines (guide: $3.7-4 billion), industry and automobile operations accounted for about 70 per cent of the company ' s total revenues in 2024, and revenue from the Chinese market was realized throughout the year.
The same ratio, the ring rises, and the main growth drivers are semiconductors for vehicles and semiconductors for consumption. Companies argue that end-products are moving in the direction of high reliability, high economy, low power consumption and so on, driving up the chip content of each application, and hopefully continuing to drive faster growth in industry and the automobile market.
Yadno: The company released its first fiscal year 2024 on 19 February. The company’s Fy25q1 account for $2.42 billion, or an 18 per cent drop in the same year, adjusted to $163 and higher than its previous guidelines (previously, $154 and $700 million were directed). The company’s management noted that the industrial and automobile industries were gradually improving their bookings, and stock levels were improving.
Degradation is nearing its end, with $2.5 billion (+3% of year) projected for the second fiscal season, and $168 after adjustment, which is higher than market expectations. According to company cevincentroche, “the company is recovering from one of the worst semi-conductor cycles in the history of the industry” and moving from “forced down to stock” to “demand marginal” in 2025.
Investment proposal: The company is the leading domestic firm in the area of simulation chips, with products covering both power management, signal chains, and enterprise development through in-house and off-site research.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.