Weir shares (603501.sh) Electronic integrated circuits ii lofic make super-high-quality images of the high-end market in all directions.
On March 18, 2024, Weir shares published a brand-new flag class backstage ov50k40, which is now in the Quantico section. The honor magic 6 series of new products released on the same day was equipped with a single inverse-level ultra-dynamic eagle eye camera, using the lofic technology developed in partnership with Weir.
lofic casts a super-high-quality image, leading the flag class to host a new flag pole ov50k40, the first smartphone image sensor to carry theiacelTM technology around the world. TheiacelTM technique uses the lofic function to achieve a single exposure close to the human eye level dynamic range. °50k40 pixels
50 million, in 1.2 μm pixel size and 1.3 inches optical format, with a high yield and associated multiple sampling (cms) function to achieve optimal performance under weak light conditions.
The basic principle of the technology is to place a high-density electron in each photoelectric diode to collect light electrons spilled from saturation. When the number of photoelectronics converted by photoelectric diodes is greater than the maximum capacity that the pixel cfd could have carried, the excess photoelectronics can flow into the adjacent electron without cause.
Overflows are "exposed" to better capture high-light information. Because lofic technology can read sizes and capacitors separately, a single exposure can take advantage of two conversions that can be achieved in a single pixel without the need for a monopixel mix to introduce lofic technology across borders, high-building product core competitiveness, full-scale layout surrounding high-end markets.
Lofic technology is applied extensively to auto-piloted vehicle-car-cam systems in the automobile industry. Will and Glory have joined forces to introduce the technology across the border into mobile video systems, moving away from the traditional practice of increasing sensor size in the glory magic Sun Peak.
For the first time, six versions and rsr Porsche were designed to land. The industry started with a cos based on lofic technology raised the electron capacity by about nine times to about 270,000.
Line tolerance. In addition, the cis supports the hyperdynamic range of single inverse 15ev, which rises to 600%, corresponding to the theoretical range of the Sonywa single video flagship a7s3. 50mp pixels, as the dominant specifications for mobile phone cameras, are required to cross the low end of the cell phone to the flagship, and to apply it.
Weir shares: Repurchase shows confidence, high-end cos support, crosses from master to wide angles, long focus, three to five times optical focus. Corporate cos product matrix is achieving sustained improvement in profitability - Joaquin securities plus electronics plus Weir shares.
A total of five products, of which ov50h has been used for the broadband and ultra-broadbanding of high-end flagship smartphones (e.g. the iqoo12 series) branded by multiple headphones in the country, and the provision of a 50mpcis inventory of multiple little pixels points was successfully deconstructed, with a significant improvement in ring comparison - followed by master cascading
The product is used for wide angles and long-focal applications. In addition, the company provides ovb0b and ovb0a pixels, which are not only high, but also well deconstructed q3 stocks with 200 million cos products, meeting the extreme desire of some consumers for ultra-high pixels.
Weir shares: two-phase incentive schemes, new product-driven accounting business growth - Joaquin + electronic + Weir shares: inventory de-drawn very well, 23h2 new items
Continuing refinements provide ultra-high-quality imagery and high core competitiveness of products. Continuing recommendations maintain a “buy-in” rating.