Weir shares (603501.sh) ii repurchases of electronic integrated circuits show confidence and high-end cis profitability continues to improve
On 23 January 2024, the company issued a report on the repurchase of shares in the form of a centralized bid transaction and first repurchase of the company ' s shares the following day.The company intends to repurchase the company ' s shares in the form of a centralized bid transaction with its own funds, which totalled no less than $600 million.
Won (including) does not exceed 1.2 billion yuan (including) and the repurchase share price does not exceed 97 yuan/share. According to this buyback, the market share of the high-end machine continues to rise, and the high-end full series of coverage in the cis product matrix continues to expand at the upper and lower end of China ' s smart cellular market price segments in 2023, according to idc data.
Trends; higher-end market share of over $600 increased by 3.7 percentage points to 27.4 per cent over the same period, and 200 dollars increased purchasing power while more middle-end users started to upgrade their choice of flagship products; low-end mobile phones, while ensuring smooth access to basic applications, attracted more low-end eliminations by focusing on a single breakdown of performance such as super-high pixels
The corporate cis product matrix achieves full, medium- and high-end line coverage. 50mp pixels are the dominant specifications for mobile cameras, Sun Peak needs to cross the low-end type of cell phones to the flag-ship type, applying from the master to the wide angle, the long-focal, three to five.
The primary camera application of ov50h (50 mp pixels, 1 1.3 inches, 1.2 μm pixels) uses the purecelplus-schip-s chip stacking technique and the first h/vqpd automatic combustorization technology.
The quality of the images is now being used for the broadband and ultra-broadbanding of high-end flagship smartphones (e.g. the iqoo 12 series) with multiple headphone brands in the country; for wide-angle and long-focal applications, the company has set up 50 mpcis products with small pixel points. In addition, the company has provided up to 200 million pixels in both ovb0b and vb0a.
The cis product meets the extreme desire of some consumers for ultra-high pixels. Stock deconstructs well, with significant improvements in ring comparison - followed by master camera overlaps. More than that, the cis tap q3 inventory deconstructs well.
tddi prices are expected to stop falling, and the demand is high, and according to sigmaintell data, mobile phone lcdddi prices are expected to drop in 2024, and the share of the olddddic is in Weir: two-phase incentive packages, new product drivers.
On the other hand, in 2024, China’s mainland demand for oleddddic was expected to increase by 32.2% over the same year, while China’s mainland smartphone operations continued to grow – Chinese securities + electronics + Weir shares – or there will be a supply shortfall in the second half of 2024. According to the company, October 2023
Investor research reports that company tddi shipments nearly doubled in 2023, and that in 2024 oleddddic won a share in Well: inventory de-digging was effective, and 23h2 new items were imported to customers. In our view, in view of the trend towards the transfer of the panel's industrial chain, the price of tddi was stable at the same time.
Leedddic has a strong demand, and the company shows that the drive chip is expected to continue to be released, with a steady increase in the size of the harvest.
103.5/32.2/23.5 times higher-end full-series coverage in the corporate cis product matrix, with high-end cis and display-driven chips continuously released, coupled with a steady price of tddi, where the size of the company's revenue collection and profitability are expected to improve.