Sinji Mountain Evidence, SEAG (002311.sz) Feed processing
Business fundamentals are expected to improve further in 2023. Companies disclose annual reports 2022 and 1-quarter reports 2023. Companies realize operating income in 2022.
According to the Chinese Association of Feed Industry, \triangleright Market Data: 24 April 2023
In 2022, total national industrial feed production increased by 3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with pig feed increasing by 4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, eggs and poultry feed declining by 0.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, meat and poultry feed increasing by 0.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis and anti-septic animal feed increasing by one year at the highest/minimum per year:
The annual sales of pig material increased by 7 per cent; the company reached 10.2 million tons, an increase of 6 per cent; and the volume of aquatic material sold was 5.12 million tons, an increase of 10 per cent, with sales of special aquatic products (shrimp crabs and high-end fish) increasing by 23 per cent, mainly from the same year.
To benefit from the company’s excellent production capacity for aqueous feed, improved farming solutions, client-oriented service lines, and seedlings and dynamic double-empowerment. The company’s feed sales grew significantly faster than the industry’s growth rate in 2022, and the market share increased further.
The model, which will be followed by a stocktaking exercise, explores the upgrading of the operating services system of livestock and animal protection services, and constantly improves competitive advantages. The company achieved about $1.1 billion in operating revenue from seedlings in 2022, of which shrimp seedlings grew by 26 per cent and Māori was close to 60 per cent.
Chen Jinzhi, the new varieties of shrimp, the "Hinnon 2" and the "Baldstones" in five countries, the market effects of the company's farming plates remain steady. The company produced about 3.2 million pigs in 2022, compared to the same year.
The company’s year-round pig-breeding business has been lost by factors such as the fall in \triangleright. In the aquaculture chain, the company’s main farm species are now special water products such as raw fish and prawns, which generated about $1.1 billion in operating income in 2022.
In the future, the company will continue to focus its efforts on raising water products that have an overall advantage and that can be controlled by the risks associated with farming, with a high-quality feed-seed-motivated, refined management, professionalization and appropriate scale-up of farming based on the development of team expertise.
According to the Chinese Association of Feed Industry, the market share of the company's 2023q1 feed business continues to rise. According to the Chinese Association of Feed Industry, the amount of market sales of the paddy feed is about 4.39 million tons, an increase of about 5 per cent compared to the previous year, which is higher than the industry, and the market share continues year after year, the Russian-U war and the weather in South America have led to large increases in global prices for agricultural products, bean and wheat, among other things.
Prices of feed products have been subject to multiple rounds of price adjustment due to higher prices of raw materials. However, especially in the case of low profitability of downstream farming in the first half of 2022, the material industry has had difficulty in transmitting all downward pressure on rising costs, thus crowding out both ends of the industry.
At the same time, the aggregate demand for downstream farming ends is expected to be better than in 2022. The trend in the combined industry is that we think that corporate feed business is Māori, and we continue to recommend the big ocean group, and the main logic is that:
Or better than 2022: 2, industry integration continues, and market shares are expected to be further concentrated in the head; sales are lower than expected, and prices of raw materials such as fish powder and corn beans are at risk. Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.