SEAG (002311: Reverse increase in feed and increase in farm specialization.
The company is a collector of research and development, production and marketing of aquatic feed, a mix of animal feed and aquatic feed, and healthy farming.
For high-tech companies operating in the main business, core operations (including 1.41 million tonnes of internal sales) were raised by 10% in the same year. Of this amount, 5.12 million tonnes (+10%) were produced and sold as water feed, seedlings, and kinetic products.
Having achieved the world ' s largest production in the country ' s priority aquaculture areas; 10.2 million tons (+6%) of poultry, 4.94 million tons (+7%) of pig feed outlet sales; doubled sales of anti-sortium, and demonstrated good performance in various product groups.
The company’s feed sales have grown faster than industry (+3.7%), and the city’s share has increased further. On the profit side, the company’s feed-for-one ton of Māori has remained stable, and as a result of the return on raw material prices, we believe that the company is expected to maintain a favourable performance in 2023.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: The growth of seedlings and increased specialization in farming. The growth of seedlings has been sustained over 22 years. The seedling business has generated 1.1 billion yuan in revenues and the largest annual sales of shrimp seedlings worldwide, and has become a commercial species.
In the case of livestock protection, it has been promoted through the service station model. It is expected that the support package will continue to empower the company’s integrated services programme. In the case of livestock farming, the company will be able to sell pigs in 2022.
3.2 million head sold, an increase of 60% in the same year. The company's size has expanded steadily, increasing its specialization, increasing its efficiency in breeding systems and integrated farming management, optimizing the cost of farming, adding up to 22 years, heating pig prices in the second half of the year, contributing to a positive annual return on pig production, leading to an increase in the company's agricultural production rate.
16.07 percentage points. With regard to aquaculture, a company based on the traditional advantages of the aquaculture chain is engaged in niche aquaculture, which contributes 1.1 billion yuan in sales over 22 years. We consider farming to be the company ' s strategic stock/flowa share (million shares)
The sex section is expected to contribute to the company’s incremental performance and to enhance the company’s ability to produce integrated services. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we believe that companies are expected to continue to raise the market share of feed business with clear product and combined service capacity, and the support seeding and farming operations will also contribute to higher performance.
Source of the financial boom in the East, China Group (002311): Reverse growth in feed, increased specialization in farming, and a source of financial boom in the East.
East Hing Securities reported that the Great Sea Group (002311): Reverse growth in feed and increased specialization in farming.
Xingxim, breeding, feed, pet food, etc. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.