The company announced a fast-track performance report for 2022: operating income of $104.72 billion, an increase of 21.6 per cent over the same period, a net return of $2.95 billion, an increase of 79.1 per cent over the same period, which is in line with market expectations. q4 companies achieved operating income of $25.76 billion in the single quarter, an increase of 18.8 per cent over the same period.
In 2022, the feed industry, the farm industry, went through a round of recovery: the price of raw materials rose sharply, the farm's depth was lost, putting pressure on the feed industry, the profits of the 2h2022 farming industry improved, and the downstream farming industry took advantage of the feed production.
In the face of a complex and volatile market environment, companies continue to strengthen their core competitiveness, operating robustly around the chain of aquaculture industries, and firm prices compare to 300 deep trends.
The competitiveness of the products continues to improve, with the result that the products are clearly better than the industry and that the main feeder industry is being empowered, while raising the productivity of the farmers; in 32022, about 3.2 million pigs were born, the professional capacity of the farm team continued to increase and the cost decreased, and the year-round production of pigs was lost and lost.
The company continues to strengthen its core competitiveness, the feeder industry is warming, and the business is growing steadily, with: 1 feed outlet of about 4.39 million tons, an increase of about 5% over the same period. In poultry farming, the average monthly price of chickens rose from $4.12 to $5.08.00.
In the case of aquaculture, which was poor at the end of last year and at the beginning of this year, the q1 fish stocks were high, combined with the fuel-conservation factors of the warmer weather, and the overall rate of seeding slowed, but the second half of q1 moved along with the warmth of consumption, the re-storage of water products and plants.
A return to normality, in particular the smooth flow of high-end species, a slight increase in the silicon of shrimp and crab species, and a review of the Quarterly Report of the High Sea Group (002311);
High-priced out-buying pig had an impact on the q4 end, q3 non-smuggling, high competitiveness of dynamic products, good market expression for product effects, steady growth in farming operations during the quarter, 2021-10-20.
3q1 pig prices are low and industry losses are high due to the company's purchase of pig fertilization. 2. The annual report of the China Group (002311) evaluates the steady increase in feed sales and the shift in emphasis towards effectiveness.
The company is one of the leading companies in the feed industry in the country, with a full range of feed products and a clear product of excellence.
There has been a steady increase in the sale of fodder, the loss of raw pig business, the rise in chicken prices later than expected, and the continued decline in pig prices, and the use of legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report have come from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.