The annual newspaper 002311. sz. 2022 and the quarterly 2023q1 report assess that the net gains of the 2022 and 2023q1 camps were equal to the increase, and that the diversification of feed, farming, conservation, seedlings was better.
In 2022, as a result of the gradual improvement in farm profits, the easing of cash flow pressures, the gradual improvement of farm incentives and incentives, the steady improvement in the company ' s own farm costs, the steady increase in the competitiveness of raw materials and dynamic products.
Inverse growth of about 10 per cent in year-on-year growth (1.14 million tons of farm self-use), representing an increase of 10 per cent in year-on-year sales of aquatic feed/fowl feed/pollage/pig feed in 2022, a 10 per cent increase in year-on-year sales of special aquaculture (shrimp crabs and high-end fish) +23 per cent, and a steady drop in counter-pill production, respectively.
Moreover, by 2022, the company was able to invest more in its feed business, confident that it would achieve its strategic goal of 40 million tons of annual feed sales in the future. In 2022, pig-breeding was profitable, and other farming chains such as conservation, seedlings, etc. were well developed.
In 2022, some 3.2 million pigs were born, compared to +60%, and the year-round pig production was profitable. We believe that the prices of pigs are expected to be strong in the medium term, and that companies are expected to benefit from the warmth and increase in their performance.
At present, the company is mainly producing fish, prawns, and other special water products, amounting to about 1.1 billion dollars in 2022. The industrial shrimp farming project is steadily on the ground and is expected to grow by the same year through plant-based scientific design, recycling systems, and the ocean conglomerates (002311.sz) and their 2022 net return to the mother.
Biological bait technology and strict biocontrol, with more traditional farming models with the advantages of safety, control, quality, etc., are operating well and are expected to become a new growth point in the company’s business when future capacity is released.
Investment proposal: maintain the “buy-in” rating. The company is expected to be the standard company in the agricultural sector. Long-term.
As the profit margins improved, the cash flow of the end-farmers eased, the confidence, motivation and investment incentives gradually improved, so that the company’s main business, such as feed, pig farming, and vagabond products, resumed. Moreover, in 2023q1, pig prices were also slightly better than in the same period last year, in 2023q1 22 provinces of the country.
The average monthly price of chicken in q1 continued to rise from $4.12/kg to $5.08/kg, up by 23.3 per cent; in fish farming, the pace of fish circulation has gradually returned to normal in the second half of the quarter as consumption has returned and water products have been replenished in processing plants, especially high-end species that are well out of the ponds; and shrimp and crab species have increased slightly.
Downstream consumption is strong, prices are stable, and overall farming activity is high. The cumulative companies themselves have achieved a similar improvement in their own performance at 2023q1.
The Department's feed business has performed well, with a steady expansion in the scale of feed sales, with the volume of feed sold in 2022 increasing by approximately 2165 million tons (including 1.41 million tons of farmed self-use), a reverse trend of about 10 per cent over the same year, accounting for 7.16 per cent of the country's total industrial feed production in 2022, a further significant increase from 6.4 per cent in 2021.
In addition, companies continue to expand downstream farming on a professional basis.
Each year, the company produces about 3.2 million pigs, + 60% of the year, benefiting from the second half of the year 2022 from the return of pig prices, and the year-round benefits from pig farming. The company continues to focus on capacity-building of pig-breeding teams and the development of its own breeding system, further upgrading of team management and professional capacity, survival rates, farm productivity, etc., are among the indicators in the pre-industry world.
In the case of aquaculture, the company’s main aquaculture species are now special water products, such as raw fish, shrimp, etc., which were achieved in 2022.
The business income is about 1.1 billion. Of these, the company ' s industrial shrimp farming project has been steadily settled, and the industrial shrimp farming model has been working well through plant-based scientific design, recycling systems, biological bait technology, and strict biocontrol, as compared to traditional farming models, which have the advantages of safety, control, quality stability, etc.. The company will continue to gather.
In 2022, the company generated a total income of $1,045 million.
These combined advantages, such as R & D, are complemented by improved service delivery systems and mature farming programmes, with strong market competitiveness and excellent market reputations, and livestock-movementing products, through the livestock-movement service station, have continued to increase customer stickyness and develop better, and the number of animal-movement service stations is already on the ground.
With some experience gained, the company plans to optimize and explore the upgrading of the business services system of animal-movement protection services, increasing its competitive advantage. In 2022, the company’s seedlings generated 1.1 billion yuan, of which shrimp seedlings performed well, with an increase in revenue on a year-on-year basis.
At 26%, the Māori rate is close to 60%. The company's core technological advantages in the field of aqueous seedlings are evident, it has developed and developed autonomously new varieties of aquaculture in five countries, such as the Vanna Ribbon Shrimps, the Ocean Springs 2 and the Longbeads, and it has formed a high-level breeding research and development team with a core of “cooperative experts plus doctor plus masters plus professional technicians”.
Having the world’s leading research and development technology for shrimp and freshwater seedlings, and leading in the construction of a business-based integrated system of industrial species, shrimp seedlings and fish seedlings are the world’s leading annual sales and market effects are evident. Companies’ aquaculture seedlings are expected to continue to develop in synergy with other operations, such as feed, kinetics, etc.
Figure 5: Larger Group Sub-Operations (percentage): Large Group Sub-Operations (percentage): Growth (%) Division ' s financial costs slightly increased, mainly due to the expansion of corporate operations to cover suppliers for the purchase of raw materials
But the company values the efficiency of the organization's management, taking full advantage of the middle-level management, ensuring rapid intra-firm linkages, increasing market influence and implementing a three-tier research and development system that ensures forward-looking, sustainable output and fast-track technology outcomes through the construction of a four-tier management model for “procurement + R & D + sales + production”
In R & D, companies focus on R & D inputs, and sustained investment is expected to be a central driver of growth in corporate performance. In addition, in 2022, companies developed a future award for the first time involving a total of 4083 people, with the expectation that team motivation would be fully mobilized from the top down.
Investment proposals: The company’s management has a strong reputation for focusing on the 10 trillion-dollar market in the agro-industry, from the fields to the tables, and is expected to become a model for the agro-pastoral industry, given that the 2023 non-false epidemic disrupted normal production overlaps in the pig industry, with long price losses.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject