The company review reports that the agro-forestry and fishing industry has seen significant growth in corporate performance, with a similar improvement in the Māori rate (002311.sz)
The company's performance has grown significantly, with the Māori rate rising by the same amount as the company's revenue in 2022, Cheshid's sales of poultry out of 10 million tons, and the special aquatic product's 22-year increase in the company's feed sales.
2.16 million tons (of which 2,0.24 million tons were sold abroad), a further 10% increase in the city's share; 8.05% for fodder, a factor of 1.03 pct.
In aquatic products, the largest global sales, with special aquatic products equal to +23 per cent, have benefited mainly from excellent product power and a well-developed service system; the sales of general water products have remained stable, mainly from low propensity to feed farmers. In addition, the company's countercharges are stable.
Step-by-step, production and distribution are falling, with sales doubling over 22 years. 23q1 has 4.39 million tons, or +5 per cent of the year, of feed sales.
The pace of the seedlings slowed, followed by a return to warm consumption, a return to the rhythm of circulation, a steady increase in the price of shrimp and crabs, and a high level of motivation in farming. Companies grew up in pig production, and the cost of integrated farming rose markedly in 2022.
With the company’s own seeding system taking shape, the development and scale of feed-ends development has improved significantly. As competition with the industry as a whole has continued to expand, the cost of integrated farming has improved considerably.
The value of the company’s pig-breeding business is becoming more and more evident, and, in addition to the efficient operation of the business itself, it can build a system of services for pigs, provide farming programmes and service providers with a high level of professional literacy and experience in farming.
The investment company, which is the leader in the feed industry, collects products, R & D, serves as one, and has a significant increase in feed production capacity, is actively moving towards the target of 40 million tons; the scalding of pig prices is on the verge: the risk of price volatility in pig production: the risk of policy change, etc.
8 years of experience in securities research, in-depth studies in pig cycles, sugar cycles, etc., are good at industrial analysis and have solid stock-selection skills. For 2016, the fourth most promising new wealth in agriculture, forestry and fisheries, the Golden Bull himself committed himself to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.