Annual report: Reverse market growth in feed sales and further increase in the share of the city
The same increase of 103.24 per cent; the net gain of $389 million, or 111.22 per cent, from the non-contribution to the mother; the following assessment: Forage sales have risen against the market, and the share of the city has increased further. In 2022, the feed industry was affected by both the high volatility of downstream farming and the sharp increase in the prices of upstream raw materials, which slowed down.
In this context, companies continue to optimize the structure of their products, taking advantage of such advantages as product power and the marketing of integrated technical clothing, and to achieve counter-market growth in feed. Forage sales amounted to 2,0.24 million tons, an increase of 7.83 per cent, for the year as a whole. During the same period, industrial feed production totalled 3,023,000 tons, an increase of 3 per cent for the same company.
Forage sales are increasing at a significantly faster rate than the entire industry, and the market share continues to rise. In the first quarter of 2023, the price of total equity/flow (million shares) rose.
The BMSP has achieved a revenue of $1,045 million, an increase of 17.05%, and is growing well. The company has made a huge loss in its operations, while the feed business is running an incentive scheme for its employees in 2021, with the goal of selling the feed by 2025.
40 million tons, unchanged so far. We believe that the company ' s long-term strategic objectives are clear and firm, and that the China Group (002311), Annual Report Review: Master ' s and full product layout, product strength and marketing advantages of integrated farming services continue.
The increase in the volume of farm production and the increase in the Māori rate. In 2022, the company produced pigs.
Sea Group (002311), " Sea Group: 3.2 million, 60 per cent increase; end-of-year productive biological assets of 508 million yuan, as compared to the previous year ' s previous year ' s industry profile advantage, driving rapid growth in performance " .
At the end of 23 years q1, productive biological assets stood at 524 million yuan, with a 3.2% increase in the ring, and productive growth laid the foundation for subsequent growth. The company’s continued focus on pig-breeding teams was able to build and build its own breeding system, and team management and professional capacity were further enhanced.
Research and development at the feed end, along with the advantages of size, have continued to increase in the control of the costs of integrated farming. In the reporting period, the prices of pigs fell first and rose, with annual averages higher than in the previous year. For both, farming operations are now running out of profits, leading to higher levels of profitability in the agricultural sector, with the Māori rate rising from 0.8 per cent in the previous year.
The company is expected to continue to grow in the long term, with a “growth” rating. The company is expected to return to its home in 23/24.
Annual Report Review: Reverse market growth in feed sales and further increase in city occupancy Rates Increased intra-industry competition results in less than expected sales Annual Report Review: Reverse market growth in feed sales and further increase in city share Rates
Annual Report Review: The volume of feed sales has risen against the market, and the rate of consumption has increased further.
The company ' s uniform social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.