002311.sz. Agroforestry and Feeding. Research.
Rudari, Jiang Haihai issued an advance performance announcement for the first quarter of 2023 and a fast-track performance report for 2022, with the company's projected operating income for the year 2022 amounting to $104.15 billion.
(a) There has been a marked increase in the company ' s net return to the mother-to-child ratio of 202,301, in which the company ' s main feeder has grown by 5 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
In the light of the continuous increase in the integrated professional capacity of the sector and its cost to industry, which has led to better business results in a period of low prices and high losses in the industry, 2) the non-false disease in the north disturbs and causes deep loss in the prices of pigs, and it is clear that the productivity of the pigs can be degenerated in a quarter, and we believe that as the south progresses into the rainy season, raising diseases will either enter a high-prevalence period or will further degenerate its capacity, the prices of pigs will be expected in the medium term.
China, as the leader of the agro-pastoral sector, is expected to continue to benefit from downstream farming.
Markets, structured attempts, new operations, and companies are expected to be the standard companies in the agricultural sector. The company is expected to return net profits from 2022-2024. During the same period last year, 2023q1 provinces and cities in the country cost about $15.37/kg of pigs, or 15.5% more than the same period in the previous year;
In serious cases, good business results are still being achieved. 2) Forage sales from companies increased by 5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, benefiting from a return to downstream poultry farming and aquaculture, where the average monthly price of chicken in q1 was increased from $4.12 per pound per month to $5.08 per pound per month, resulting in a positive increase of 23.3 per cent for poultry farmers and a strong demand for chicken and duck seedlings, with rising prices.
In the area of fish farming, which was affected by poor discharges at the end of last year and the beginning of this year, which resulted in an overpopulation of fish stocks in a quarter, the accumulation of weather-slower gas factors, and a slowdown in overall seedling progress, the pace of fish circulation gradually recovered in the second half of the quarter as consumption warmed and water products were replenished.
3) There is a clear competitiveness of the company ' s aquatic seedlings and dynamic products, and the market for product effects has been well expressed and has grown steadily throughout the quarter. 202,231 due to the non-pest-disturbed northern part of the country and the deep loss of pig prices, it is clear that one quarter of the country ' s pig production is degenerated, and we believe that as the south progresses into the rainy season, the farm-raising disease will either enter a high-prevalence period or will further degenerize its capacity, the pig price will be expected to rise in the medium term.
Seadas, as the leader of the agro-pastoral industry, covers the whole chain of farming, and it is expected that company performance will continue to benefit from the high rate of downstream farming, the steady expansion of the market for fodder products, the elasticity of pig farming operations, the steady expansion of the company's feed sales in 2022, and the volume of feed sales, which is about 2165 million tons (including 141 million tons in farming), which is increasing by the same amount.
About 10%, market share increases further. By focusing on improving organizational management efficiency, taking full advantage of middle-level management, ensuring rapid intra-firm connectivity, increasing market impact and implementing a three-tier R & D system that ensures forward-looking technology generation, sustainable export and rapid transformation, and enhanced management and R & D efficiency, the company continued to be competitive in the first three quarters of 2022.
In the area of pig farming, the company produced about 3.2 million pigs throughout the year in 2022, the professional capacity of the team continued to increase, the cost decreased, and the production of pigs lost its profits throughout the year. The company is now in the vanguard of the industry, with 2022H1 producing about 1.6 million pigs.
There has been a significant improvement in the cost of integrated farming with a net loss of about $396 million to the mother and a net loss of about $230 to the head. The company has continued to focus on the development of pig-breeding teams, capacity-building and home-grown breeding systems, and the advantages of feed-end research and development and scale, which are expected to reduce further costs in the future.
At the operational level, companies allow small internal cost offenders to test and, once successful, with good incentives, the company will quickly and successfully open new areas, as demonstrated by the expansion of its business history.
This shows that companies have evolved proactively to break the existing business balance by reducing their own entropy, thereby maintaining organizational dynamism and maintaining a constant source of dynamism. On the industry side, the company’s operations correspond to a trillion-billion-dollar market in agriculture, from the field to the table, with wide market space.
In the short term, there is much room for increasing the share of the company's feed market, and it is expected that the home-grown pig-raising project will yield substantial profits during the cyclical period. In the long run, the company's management has a significant advantage, focusing on the 10 trillion markets from the field to the dining table, based on self-sustainability.
Uncontrollable deaths in the industry and the cost pressures of uncontrollable increases in the price of food raw materials. " Sea Group (002311.sz) 2022: q2 net profit margin improvement, promising to continue to benefit from the rise in pig prices " - " Sea Group (002311.sz) 2021 and one-quarter report 2022: short-term pressure on performance, short-term improvement of pig and feed margins "
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them