There has been a negative increase in the sale of fodder, and a steady growth in the production of pig farming operations in 2023q1 achieved business income of 23.36 billion yuan, an increase of 17.1 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of 408 million yuan, an increase of 103.2 per cent in the same year.
In 2022, the company sold 21,650,000 tons of feed (including 1.41 million tons), which is an increase in the reverse point, corresponding to 338 tons of Maori, against a backdrop of a sharp rise in raw material prices and a low level of livestock production.
The company is still doing the same thing. By category, 5.12 million tons of off-the-shelf sales, an increase of 10 per cent over the same year, are the highest worldwide sales, with 23 per cent of the increase in specials sales, lower sales, flat sales, and tons of Maori.
Upgraded; 10.2 million tons of poultry outgrower sales, 6 per cent more than the reverse; company breakdowns of poultry farming varieties, seeking technological breakthroughs in the variety, creating differentiated products and improving internal efficiency; collaboration with scale farming plants, a dragon farming company; 4.94 million tons of pig outgrower sales, same ratio
7 per cent increase, and the national distribution of pig materials has been largely achieved; the anti-pill production can be laid down and sold, with a decline of about 5 per cent over the year, an increase of 15 per cent over the same year, and a similar increase in poultry sales; and the same decline in the sales of q1 water products, mainly at the end of last year and at the end of last year.
The poor state of the q1 fish stocks at the beginning of the year caused the q1 fish ponds to grow, superheated the weather, slowed the overall delivery of the seedlings; as consumption warmed back, the livestock chain was gradually warming, and in April there was a marked increase in the sales of livestock and aquaculture, and we maintained the company ' s poultry, pig and aquatic production in 2023.
• The birth of pigs is growing rapidly, benefiting from the export of pig-breeding condoms 1. "The annual report of the Big Sea Group (002311), the spot price of pigs is about $9.4 per pound, at a cost of $8.4-8.5 per pound, which corresponds to about $500 million in farm-breeding.
The company has continued to focus on capacity-building of pig-breeding teams and the development of a home-grown seeding system, further upgrading of team management and professional competencies, and leading in a number of indicators such as survival rates and farm productivity;
The three-quarter review of the Sea Group (002311) reports that, at the same time, there has been a steady increase in the volume of feed sales and a loss in the business of raw pigs, as the home-grown breeding system evolves, adding to the research and development of feed end advantages and size advantages.
The co-farming costs are increasing. 2023q1, the company produces about 1.1 million pigs, increases the net profit of q1 year-on-year, and the farm chain operations are robust at a cost of only $40-50, which is clearly better than the industry average.
The company is a leading company in the feed industry, a fully fledged feed industry, a strong product, a competitive heart, and a steady cycle of growth in the feed business; moreover, the pig-breeding industry has reached epidemic proportions; chicken prices have risen later than expected; and pig prices have continued to decline.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.