CMB International Global Markets | Equity Research | Company update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Kweichow Moutai (600519 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Proxy of China's consumption-led recovery; buying
into any weakness for the next recovery wave
Target Price
RMB2,440
Up/Downside
+34.2%
Current Price
RMB1,818
As the proxy of China consumption, we think Moutai is undoubtedly well-positioned
to benefit from the current consumption-driven recovery. This will not only be
China Consumer Staples -
underpinned by reopening of restaurants and resumption of social events, but also
Food and Beverage
company specific catalysts. These include 1) platform extension through i-Moutai
(with the launch of 100ml "Flying Fairy" a.k.a "Feitian" SKU) registering RMB15bn
Joseph Wong
2022 revenue (~16% of total) with 30mn active users, and 2) a more diversified
sales mix from Series baijiu with core products such as Moutai 1935, Moutai Prince
Classics (茅台王子酒酱香经典), Moutai Prince Gold (茅台金王子), etc. Meanwhile, we
are wary of the capacity bottleneck of both Moutai/ Series baijiu, which has been a
Stock Data
known drag to growth. That said, without a legit substitute, we view this an ongoing
opportunity for Moutai to monetize this excess demand through gradual price hike,
until the announced capacity expansion (Moutai/ Series baijiu to 71k/ 56k ton)
completes. Compounding with our reopening thesis, this happening expansion
improvises a multi-year growth story (in both price and volume) in which we project
Shareholding Structure
16%/ 17% 3-year revenue/ net profits CARG between 2022-25E, respectively, with
upon coverage transfer. We think shares could take a breather after the bull-run
but we would recommend buying into any weakness for the next recovery wave in
which growth is likely to re-accelerate from 2Q onwards.
Share Performance
Major earnings assumptions. 4Q22 revenue/ net profits stood at RMB37/18bn. This
adds up 2022 revenue/ net profits to RMB127.2/62.6bn, respectively. Referring to the
announcement, we project 2023E revenue to grow at 17.7%, thanks to 16.6% growth
Source: BBG
in Moutai baijiu and 27.7% in Series baijiu. We further assume 8% YoY volume growth
to 41k tons for the former, and 14% YoY growth to 38k tons for the latter.
12-mth Price Performance
Channel check on Lunar New Year demand dynamics. Moutai recorded
MSD to HSD sales growth, with strong momentum seen in Series SKUs. ASP
for sealed "Flying Fairy/ Feitian" was ~RMB2,970 per case, while that for
unsealed was RMB2,780, about RMB100 higher than those by end-22.
■ Valuation. With minor earnings change, our TP of RMB2,440 (from RMB2,447)
is based on 41.0x end-23E P/E (from 53.7x mid-22), which represents long-term
average since 2019 (since 2017). Our methodology reflects our relative optimism
Source: BBG
(vis-a-vis other F&B diversified of which target multiples are based on -1sd below
long term average) that Moutai is one of the core beneficiaries standing at the
Related Reports
forefront of China's reopening with high certainty in earnings support.
China Consumer - Positive
takeaway from F&B distributors;
but sector's bull-run could take a
CR Beer (291 HK) - Another
positive year for 2023; our
preferred pick for China's re-
China Feihe (6186 HK) - Looks to
be a beta play within 1H23, when
birth rate likely starts inflecting
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Financial Summary
Cash flow summary
Key ratios
Balance sheet
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM does
not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors
to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or its
affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or
enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss,
damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information
contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIGM
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information,
advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information
and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make
investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf
of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in
this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume
any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or
published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc..,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBIGMG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBIGMG may distribute reports produced by its respective
foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is
distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289)
of Singapore, CMBIGMG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBIGMG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.