China Construction (601668) Study on the valuation of low-yield policies for sustained growth of performance as an incentive to benefit direct investment: company profile. China’s construction was formed in 1982 and is the only one in the construction sector in the country that is directly and centrally owned.
Among these, China Construction and Engineering, Inc., is a company holding shares, which account for 56.28% of the stock. The company operates in more than 100 countries and overseas.
In the region, the main camps include housing construction works, infrastructure construction and investment, real estate development and investment, design surveys and other operations, with an average of tenfold increase in operating income over 12 years.
Corporate performance continues to grow steadily. From the company’s business performance over the years, both its operating income and net profits have been growing consistently faster, at an average rate of 10 times the rate of growth over 12 years, to the satisfaction of people. Companies have grown by 11% and 13%, respectively, over the last four years.
A steady and sustained growth of performance is expected to be high and will continue to generate value for investors. Equity incentives will further stimulate profit growth on October 8, 2018.
Extremely planned deployment, with a target of over 2.6 trillion new contracts and $110 million in revenue. Roe (ttm) profit expectations and investment proposals.
Further growth can be achieved by strengthening internal resource integration and business synergies. Under the “one-way” national policy, ppps are expected to land again at a faster pace in the second half of the year, while ppps are expected to arrive again.
A good support role. The company as a whole was “recommended” to the investment rating.
The country’s oldest, most integrated and most globally large investment-building group is also the only major State-owned and directly managed enterprise in the construction sector. China’s General Construction and Engineering Corporation is a company-owned shareholder with a shareholding of 56.28 per cent.
China ' s construction performance is spread across more than 100 countries and regions, both within and outside the country, and includes investment development (land development, construction financing, holding operations), engineering (housing construction, infrastructure construction), survey design, new business (green construction, energy conservation, electronic commerce). In our country, 90% of China ' s construction investment has been built.
More than 300 metres of skyscraper buildings, 3/4 priority airports, 3/4 satellite launch bases, 1/3 city halls, and 1/2 nuclear power plants, one out of every 25 Chinese people uses a house built in China. China’s construction revenues have increased by an average of 10 times over 12 years.
Currency, total operating income and profits ranked fourth and sixth among 102 central enterprises, 13th with a rating of the business performance of the head of the central enterprise, 23rd in the world of Wealth 500, third in China 500, 44th in the global brand of 500, and the world of Pup, Moody, Fitch, etc.
The three major rating agencies have a credit rating of the highest credit rating for the global construction industry. 2. Corporate business structures continue to optimize.
The structure of the company’s business is more optimal in terms of its 17-year income ratio. Of this, the housing sector has achieved an operating income of $625.1 billion, an increase of 0.8 per cent over the previous year, which remains the company’s largest income contribution, but a decrease of 5.3 percentage points to 59.3 per cent; and the capital sector has an operating income of $23.9 billion, an increase of 32.8 per cent over the previous year.
The company’s strategic development goal is to achieve the “532” industrial structure for housing, infrastructure, and real estate. In 17 years of business, the company’s capital performance indicators have grown significantly faster than the building blocks, with the country’s municipal works, underground polyclinics, and ppp.
The project has a high rate of ownership, the opening of Yu An-New Zones has won, and the “one-way” business market has made a solid leap forward, gaining a large number of high-impact projects. The objective of industrial restructuring is further advanced.
Figure 2: Share of income per business - World class housing builder - China has an absolute advantage in the area of housing construction, representing the highest level of housing construction in China, China and even China
The world’s leading leaders in housing construction. The area of operations covers all areas of urban construction and every section of project construction, with a large number of landmark works in various areas, such as public buildings, offices, airports, hotels, science, sports, human settlements, medical care, embassies, industry, defence forces, etc., and has an integrated lead in super-high buildings.
In 17 years, new contracts were awarded at $147.5 billion, an increase of 13.8 per cent; operating income at $62.51 billion, an increase of 0.8 per cent; and Māori at $34.9 billion, with a Māori rate of 5.6 per cent, while at the same time showing a sharper edge in super-high, large-scale public construction, large-scale factories, etc. The mid-year mark of over 300 metres continued to be the top of the industry; the winning bid continued to be the highest in the world.
The conference centre — the Shenzhen International Exhibition Centre project, the largest single-body hospital in the world — the Tianjin City 1st Central Hospital expansion project, the country's first liquid crystal panel production line with autonomous intellectual property rights — the Hebei solidified 6th-generation matrix of amoled panel production line, and a number of high-end building projects such as the Hangzhou Asian Games main compound in 2022.
On the other hand, by seizing structural opportunities such as urban renewal, shantytown upgrading, shared ownership, rental housing, etc., the company is trying to find incremental space, catch project quality, adhere to the marketing bottom line, ensure that housing construction is on a scale, and that benefits are being developed in a synchronized manner.
China’s buildings are distinguished from its peers’ unique competitive advantages. Given the current growth in investment in real-estate development, housing construction as a whole is ideal, with investment rising at a rate that has risen in recent years, effectively safeguarding corporate business growth.
On the basis of its investment in engineering and projects, the company, on the one hand, relies on technological, human and managerial advantages, and on the other hand has accomplished a number of classic projects in urban orbital transport, high iron, megabridges, highways, city halls, ports and waterways, electricity, mines, metallurgy, petrochemicals, airports, nuclear islands, etc.
Relying on strong capital, it quickly developed into a top-notch infrastructure finance developer in China, investing in a large number of national and local priority projects, relying on investment models such as bt, bot, and ppp. Corporate infrastructure grew rapidly in 17 years, with new contracts amounting to 73.6 billion yuan a year, an increase of 28.2 per cent over the previous year;
In the field of orbital transport, there are three new projects worth more than $10 billion, the first three of which are implemented in the same city through the Shenzhen subway line 13 and the South Ning subway line 5.
In the integrated corridor area, there are 17 new winning projects, cumulatively gaining access to the galleries, about 40 projects, with a total mileage of more than 1,000 kilometres, which continue to be the first in the country. In the water port industry, the success of the Tangangi Weijigang water and power hub, the International Food Logistics Park in the city of Fuzhou, has made the company the second largest in the industry.
At present, the company has established long-term strategic partnerships for infrastructure investment with several of the country’s provincial (district) municipalities and dozens of priority cities. Overseas, China’s construction infrastructure has a footprint in North America, Central America, Hong Kong, Australia, South-East Asia, and North.
Several dozen countries and regions in Africa, West and Central Africa, South Africa, the Middle East, and Central Asia. Against the backdrop of the economic slowdown brought about by the trade war, the country’s active fiscal policies were made more active at the end of July, and sound monetary policies need to be relaxed in order to stabilize economic growth.
Some of the capital projects have resumed, including the accelerated landing of the ppp project; the acceleration of municipal debt and the issuance of specific local government bonds; and the financing. It is expected that the company’s new billing and construction will be boosted by the recovery of capital investment, which will lead to an increase in corporate capital.
2.3 Real estate development and investment — the stronger the stronger, the stronger and the more powerful the real estate business in the country, with China as the country's most powerful real estate developer, as well as the most powerful investment builder — is a leading industry, with Central Haiti as its main development platform.
The company’s 17-year contract sales of $228.6 billion, an increase of 20.6% over the same year, a contract sales area of 1,587 million square metres, the same rice, an end-of-period land reserve of 9,766 million square metres, and a large land reserve, laying the groundwork for a rapid and sustained growth over the next few years. Given the scale of the company’s real estate sales, it is in the first line of the industry.
The firm’s future real-estate operations are expected to expand further and improve its performance, as the strong continue. Overall, the company’s operations are at the forefront of the industry, its internal resource consolidation and business synergies continue to be strengthened, and its operations continue to grow faster.
Corporate performance has continued to grow steadily, and from the company ' s business performance over the years, it has been observed that its operating income and net profits have continued to grow at a relatively rapid rate of growth of 10 times the rate of growth over 12 years, which is satisfactory.
In recent years, companies have achieved only $681 billion in operating income and have achieved $38.2 billion in operating profits throughout 2013; they have been awarded net profits and ranked 24th in the World 500, maintaining the highest global credit rating in the construction industry. Companies have been in business for nearly four years and figure 6: Net profit growth in corporate ownership in recent years.
In terms of liabilities, the structure of corporate assets and liabilities has been improved and optimized, the overall level of liabilities is relatively reasonable, with the cost of funds 6.9 and 52 working days of receivables, respectively, at the forefront of the industry. 17 years of new bonds issued across the group totalled approximately 17.18 billion yuan; of these, 5 billion yuan in medium-term bills were issued
At the end of the 17-year period, the total interest-bearing liability of the group was $377.9 billion, which would better meet the firm’s rapid future growth. 5. Equity incentives would further stimulate profit growth.
The company has recently announced that it will launch a third equity incentive, under the following conditions: roe not less than 13.5%; net profit not less than 9.5%; net profit not less than 9.5%: completion of the economic value added (eva) test target. Equity incentives will further bind management and shareholders’ interests and motivate employees to boost the company’s dynamism.
(a) The continuation of faster growth is more secure: in the first half of 18 years, companies reported operating income of 58,892 million, an increase of 12.1 per cent over the same period; in the realization of profits of 36.2 billion, an increase of 9.7 per cent over the same period; and in the net profits of shareholders of listed companies of 19,137 million, an increase of 6.1 per cent over the same period;
The company’s three core business lines – housing, infrastructure, and real estate – are at the forefront of their respective industries, with a sudden competitive advantage, and are expected to grow steadily. Further growth is expected by strengthening internal resource integration and business synergies.
Under a “one-way” national policy, ppps are expected to reach the ground again more quickly in the second half of the year, while companies benefit directly from this rating system’s “market index” reference of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.