Highcombs (002415.sz) Traditional growth is safe and sound, and innovative business looks forward to a future sales revenue of $11.51 billion in a single quarter, an increase of 22.4 per cent over the same period, attributable to the net profits of shareholders in listed companies.
The growth of overseas revenues slowed down, and innovative operations were expected: sales earnings of companies increased by 26.9 per cent in the first half of the year compared to the previous, although companies found that the uncertainty of demand in overseas markets was greater, but continued through products and channels.
On the product side, revenue from front-end products, back-end products, and smart-house operations that the newspaper began to disclose was $726 million in the first half of 2018, a significant increase of 57.8% in the same year, and revenue from innovative businesses was $381 million in the first half of 2018, a significant increase in the same year.
There has been an increase in the Māori ratio of products and an increase in investment in marketing R&D; in the distribution of products, Māori levels have increased for all products except back-end equipment. However, there are differences in market distribution, and Māori rates in the domestic market
The increase of 5.0 percentage points and the decline of 5.7 percentage points in the overseas market is mainly due to the increase in the higher end of the domestic market as a result of the changing product structure, with a combined Māori rate rising by 44.5 per cent to 1.8 percentage points in the same year. Companies have expanded their markets, and there is a high demand for sustained investment in new product R & D and project advancement.
Greater R & D support, with sales and management rates rising by 2.1 and 2.0 percentage points, respectively, in the first half of the year, and financial cost in the first half of the year due to increased corporate interest income and exchange rate gains in the second quarter
The decline in financial costs and the increase in other gains resulting from the value added tax return have led to net corporate profits.
Heaconway: The reported growth in performance is robust, and intelligent innovation is about the same. The demand of the security sector in the global and domestic markets continues to be released as the demand for counter-terrorism, anti-extremism, etc., rises, maintaining a favourable position for industry leaders. At the corporate level, on the one hand, it is at the national level.
Heaconway visions: a steady and rapid growth of performance in 2016, innovation, a strong leader of the internal market through the building of a production base, expansion of the size of the workforce, innovation of the ai product, and the promotion of product and business models abroad, including developed countries and emerging markets, that respond to the region ' s development needs.
Heaconway View: The year-round net profit boom has increased, the future is global, maintaining a robust business expansion. In addition to traditional security, companies are working together to win and win, both internally and externally, in derivative industries such as smart households, smart cars, industrial visual surveillance, etc.
Heaconway: Three-quarterly reports are returning to rapid growth trends to expand promising potential areas. Pressures create uncertainty about companies’ profitability; new products and innovative operations are expanding at a slower pace than expected.
I. Quarterly performance rating: Māori harvests have grown steadily and cost rates have slightly increased The company achieved sales revenue of $20.876 billion in the first half of 2018, an increase of 26.9 per cent in the same year, of which sales revenue in the second quarter was $11.511 billion, an increase of 22.4 per cent in the same year, with a steady increase in market demand in the domestic security sector and the presence of overseas market demand
Uncertainty, but good returns are still being made as industry leaders. Building on the accumulation of video surveillance industries, the Department has continued to explore the application of ai technology to product models and project markets, and has continued to promote markets and channels for innovative business, including smart home operations and seacom robots, auto electronics, and seacomb storage, which have created new growth space for companies to grow their revenues.
During the first half of 2018, the company realized a net profit of $4.15 billion to the shareholders of the parent company, an increase of 26.0 per cent over the same period, of which the net profit to the shareholders of the parent company in the second quarter was $2.33 billion, an increase of 28.8 per cent over the same period, resulting from lower financial costs due to interest income and exchange gains, as well as an increase in other gains resulting from the return of value added tax (VAT).
In the first half of 2018, the company ' s main business was 44.5 per cent, an increase of 1.8 percentage points, with a gross interest rate of 44.0 per cent for the second quarter, an increase of 1.4 percentage points for the second quarter, a shift in business strategy from revenue-based to profit-making capacity on a large scale, and a reduction in demand in the sector to competition for good market prices.
In terms of operating costs, the increase in sales costs, management costs, financial costs as a percentage of revenue of 12.7 per cent in the first half of the year, and the increase in inputs are the main reasons for the increase in the level of sales and management costs, while the increase in corporate interest income and the exchange rate gains achieved in the second quarter are the main reasons for the decrease in the level of financial costs.
II. Business Performance Review: Growth is slowing abroad, and innovation is expected to account for 69.8 per cent of total income, while the share of overseas markets is 30.2 per cent. As a result of structural changes in products due to differences in domestic and foreign market demand, the domestic market ' s demand for higher-middle-end products has increased and the Māori rate abroad has fallen slightly.
The concern is that the smart household business, represented by fluorescent stones, and other innovative businesses are showing a fast-growing trend, although the base figure is still low, but the industry’s outlook is looking forward. And the company’s profit collection and strategic reconciliations are gradually having an effect, with Māori rates rising at the company’s main segment, with the exception of back-end products.
(i) Slow growth in overseas operations and sustained improvement in the domestic market During the first half of 2018, corporate sales earnings from overseas markets increased by RMB 63 billion, or 26.7 per cent, with a Māori rate of 43.9 per cent compared to the previous year. Corporate revenues have remained at roughly the same rate of growth in both domestic and foreign markets, but changes in product structure have resulted in a change in Māori rates
By contrast, the Māori rate recovered in the domestic market, accompanied by an increase in high-endai products, but decreased in demand for low-end products in the overseas market, with a product breakdown of 10.29 billion yuan, or 21.4 per cent more than the previous product, representing 49.7 per cent of total income, remaining public.
In terms of profitability, the corporate product breakdown shows an upward trend, with the exception of back-end products, in terms of profit margins, with an increase of 0.8 and 7.4 percentage points for front-end and central control equipment, respectively, in the company ' s 2017 annual report.
(iii) Performance guidance: sustained robust growth in corporate business performance 26 per cent net profit growth is almost equal, and demand in the domestic market continues to be robustly released as the main driving force behind firm growth
Power, while overseas markets, despite regional variations, are increasingly well-placed and responsive. Thirdly, profit forecasting and investment advice. Corporate traditional security video surveillance business, front-end products are growing, and high-end products are based on innovative technologies such as artificial intelligence.
Accessions have been raised by the asp, while low- and medium-end products have expanded their output in the area of pan-security. Back-end products and central-control equipment have also been upgraded with an overall rise in security demand, with central-control equipment growing faster than back-end products also contributing to the security-upgrading trend.
Engineering works maintained a growth rate similar to that of back-end and central control equipment, mainly because part of the orders were executed by the project, while part was driven by products. Smart home and innovative business were the main products that kept their income up fast, and companies continued to grow as new business continued to expand.
In terms of profitability, the level of Māori for branch operations has remained largely stable but will decline slightly, mainly as a result of a gradual increase in competition in the industry market and a gradual move towards more market-based procurement by the government and large state-owned enterprises.
On the cost side, sustained increases in corporate R & D inputs will lead to an increase in management costs, while on the sale cost side, the demand for government orders in the domestic market will increase at a slower rate than expected;
(b) The expansion of new products and innovative operations has not been as fast as expected.