Events: In recent days, the company has published its annual report 2022 and its quarterly report 2023, and in 2022, the company achieved a profit of 2.63 billion yuan for the company 2023q1, an increase of 11.98 per cent over the same period, a net profit of 770 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 11.66 per cent over the same period, a net profit of 771 million yuan for the non-returned mother, an increase of 14.01 per cent over the same period.
Nguyen Yuen’s research assistant in the pharmaceutical industry, billions of yuan, an increase of 3.63 per cent over the same period. The volatility of the performance of 2022q4 companies was mainly affected by the epidemic. 2023q1 companies achieved double-digit growth in revenue and net profits, mainly in the flow of medicines and in the brain.
\triangleright \gibs \ 16 million yuan for \triangleright, an increase of 72.24 per cent over the same period, and the flow of medicines.
Hepatic medications were collected at 1.177 billion yuan, an increase of 6.91 per cent in the same year, of which $113 million were exported, an increase of 16 per cent in the same year, 1,064 million in domestic sales, an increase of 10.14 per cent in the same year and 121 million yuan in the same year for cardiovascular medicine, an increase of 84 per cent in the same year.
The profitability of 2023q1 is strong, and the Māori rate is strongly influenced by the pharmaceutical flow plate.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect company operating income for 2023-2025 to be the same as in Beijing, Beijing, West Side, House 9, Building 1 Risk factors: under-sales of products and the risk of large fluctuations in raw material prices.
\triangleright Center General Manager. Joined the Sinda Securities in 2022 as Deputy General Manager of the Research and Development Center. Second in 2021 in a new package of zero-sum suits, Steam Wing, team member, Master of Pharmacy, Shanghai University of Transport, worked in clinical coro in ppcca and paraxel, 2021.
Joining the Sinda Securities, in charge of research in the cxo industry, vouchers, in charge of research services and small molecular innovation medicine.
In April, he became a member of the business of medical devices and medium-sized tablets. Zhao Chang-Sung, member of the team, Bachelor of Arts in Biotechnology, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Information Management, Carnegie Mellon University, 2 years old.
The component is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business that the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.