Ecurities Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
Quick performance maintained, with net profit growth exceeding expectations q3 Net profit return of 685 million in the first three quarters of the company's announcement, an increase of 87.51 per cent in the same year; net profit of 283 million in the third quarter, an increase of 64.05 per cent in the same year.
q3 Net profit growth is higher than expected, and profits are expected to be more prudent throughout the year. The net interest rate for company q3 sales is 33.31%, ring ratio +7.28pt, and the major increase in profitability is due mainly to the loss of net return on investment 1. "Safety and specialist leaders, high performance growth. "
Reduced losses on net return on investment are due to a significant decrease in losses on participating subsidiaries (violet-and-width), and the trend towards improved performance is expected to continue in q4. Companies expect net profits in the q4 quarter to be US$ 66-187 million, which is significantly lower than in the previous three quarters, and are already year-rounded.
Specialic needs are strong, and company revenues are expected to continue to grow. Company q3 achieves revenue of 856 million yuan, ring +458%, and revenue growth slows down, but the demand for special ic is strong. We believe that the slowdown is related to the timing of special ic revenues, and smart card security revenues are being re-bid.
The impact of the Soviet Union is also on the rise, and the company’s q4 income ring rise is expected to increase significantly. The roll-out of the fungible security ic and vehicle controller projects and the upgrading of the development ceiling.
The competitiveness of the safety sector, the improvement of the layout of the car network, the diversification of the company's market, and the opening of the company's growth ceiling.
Risks of Māori volatility in smart security chip operations; failure of fpga to develop as much as expected; risk of single-volume downscaling; increased risk of Sino-American technological conflict; and rating ratio analysis of related reports in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment