Information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment Special integrated circuits with high growth, active deployment of new areas such as auto electronics Billion dollars, and after withholding storage, revenue from the same calibre increased by 23 per cent; it was attributed to listed company shares.
At the same time, the company expects to achieve a higher than expected increase in the net return profit for the entire year 2020, with the special integrated circuit business growing rapidly. A small drop in corporate revenue is due mainly to the Xian purple core, the loss of storage, and the same caliber.
The company’s special integrated circuit operations have been growing rapidly, making steady and steady contributions, and increasing profitability. It is proposed to issue no more than $1.5 billion in debt-transferable chips, with a new high-end safety chip.
It is proposed to issue a transferable debt of up to 1.5 billion yuan, and to raise net funds for a new high-end security stock/flow (million shares) series of chip research and development and industrialization projects, vehicle-borne control chip development and industrialization projects.
The company continues to invest more in the area of smart security chips, which will significantly improve their algorithmic performance and provide high-performance computing capability. The vehicle chip market is one of the fastest-growing applications of ic chips in recent years, benefiting from car intelligence, digitization, etc.
The company targets the car-borne chip market, and through the above-mentioned project, special integrated circuit operations are growing exponentially.
The layout of the car-borne control chip helps to break the foreign manufacturer's monopoly in this area, stealing cars, expected - 2020/07/15 - the national production development precursor of the chip.
Innovative business, such as the end of acquisition and the super Sim card, continues to progress, integrating with quantum encryption technology. Company 5g long-term value, good corporate value focus chip.
The supersimka market has been expanded to include 13 provinces and cities in Beijing, Chongqing, Hunan, Guizhou, etc. - 2020/07/09 covering three major operators.
The Quantum Safety Super Sim Card, launched by the 5g Super Sim Light Microcooperative, supports the sd 3.0 standard, and the card is going well, and 2020q1 has grown year-round.
Nationally manufactured encryption algorithms, commercial-type authentication and international cceal6+security level (CSC) certification - 2020/04/02 is one of the highest security chips in the world. This safety innovation product should be widely available.
A rich set of scenes for quantum encryption calls, quantum encryption videoconferences, quantum security vpn access, quantum security, full mobile office and quantum security financial payments.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.