Information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment Substitute resource tight chip is expected to increase prices, with clear pre-existing advantages in the area of esim.
Some of the company’s products do not exclude the possibility of higher prices. 70 million esim crystals were marked under the flag of the company, and the global chip-for-work capacity was tight, and the chip was expected to increase prices.
Globally, there are a number of chip surrogates that raise prices for the 2021 8-inch crystal circle. In the fourth quarter of 2020, companies such as the Union, Grovend and the world’s advanced companies increased prices by about 10-15%, and emergency orders were raised by even 40%.
Chip design and marketing. The company says on the interactive platform that some of the company's products do not exclude the possibility of price increases because of the supply capacity of the chip products, which has a positive effect on the growth of corporate income, given the company's high share of the chip market and the rigidity of demand.
Esim will facilitate rapid interconnection, with the company’s pre-emptive advantage. The three main operators are now licensed for national application of esim.
The company, as an important member of the domestic property network esim industry, is developing this area.
Earlier, the safe chip product was tested through China’s Connect Esim management platform in 2018. 70 million sesim crystals (002049), last half-yearly industry, were marked as transmersible in the company’s flag and the home of the violet monolithic family on October 27th.
This cooperation between the two sides will support China’s mobile esim networking process. Performance predicts that special integrated circuit operations are growing exponentially, that new high-end safety chips and vehicle-borne safety controller chips are actively deployed, opening the future.
Expectations - 2020/07/15. Ultraviolet (002049). Terminate acquisition of high-end safety series chips, vehicle controller chips, etc.
Long-term value, good corporate value focus chip input in the whole chip field will significantly improve the algorithmic performance of the chip and provide high performance algorithms - 2020/07/09
Capability. Through the above-mentioned project, the company is expected to break the 5g Super Sim break-up of a foreign manufacturer, the national production development precursor of a vehicle-car chip.
The card is going well, and 2020q1 is building a year-long high school at 9 North Up North Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.