Cobalt Industry (603799): The electrolytic copper production is overpredicted, the pre-driving body becomes the third pole of business.
▪ Events: The company released its report for the 2020s. The company earned $9,052 million in business income in the first half of the year.
For the use of lithium ion batteries in positive materials, high aerospace temperatures, and the decline in the sales of cobalt-based products, the Maori rate has recovered steadily: collusive gold, rigid alloys, pigments, magnetic materials, rubber
Tons, +6.8 per cent/-19.3 per cent of the same year, the main reason for the decline in sales was the shift from part of market demand to entrusted processing operations. Areas such as glue and petrochemical catalysts. $2.26 billion, or 25 per cent, was collected for cobalt products; $331 million, or 4 per cent, of the same value; and the Maori rate was mentioned.
3.2 pct to 14.62% rise, mainly due to lower operating costs. The benefits of the integration of minerals and minerals are evident, and the profitability of copper products rises: 30,000 tons of electricity in Rukuni, Africa. The copper project was officially launched at the end of 2019, with 42,704 tons of electricity produced by companies in the first half of the year, compared to the same year.
At its highest level, the benefits of mineral-metallurgical integration have been evident. ▪ The pre-triad drive began to release, and the third extreme was gradually taking shape: ton of land benefiting from full/associated asset capacity, +95.47%/+87.92% of the same year, excluding the direct export of overseas products from joint ventures.
+73.3 per cent, or 10.6 per cent of total revenue; Māori $135 million, or +263.7 per cent; Māori rate: orderly progress in the construction of the Māori project: the company’s sub-humid method in Indonesia, and the three-phase expansion of the micas wet method in the African region
In the middle of the month, work began; the new energy plate, the Huapo and Joaquin projects are expected to be completed in 2021h1, and the Phuhua and Lok-Yu projects are expected to be completed in 2020h2. In addition, work is under way on projects such as the 50,000-per-year high nickel power cell using three-dollar pre-drive materials and the 45,000-per-year high-ice nickel in Indonesia.
The price hub will rise in the second half of the year, with cobalt coming from the Yangtze River, once reaching the 300,000 yuan/tonne threshold in August, mainly as a result of a reduction in the supply of raw materials and the expected replenishment of low-middle-stream stocks. The production of the world's major cobalt-mining companies declined in the first half of the year compared to the previous year, with the supply chain of “Democratic Republic of the Congo-South Africa-China”
On the demand side, downstream 30 and alloys will be approaching the traditional boom season in September: power batteries, new energy car sales in Europe will continue to grow at a high rate, and domestic power cell discharge rings will improve. In the case of demand-supply resonance, cobalt prices will probably rise significantly.
Production is not as fast as expected; political and policy risks in resource countries; transport risks.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Chinese friend Cobalt Industry (603799): the production of electrolytic copper is over-expected, and the ex-carriage is becoming the third largest source of business, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
In 2016, he invested in the Tianyang Real Estate industry.
Hodgins is engaged in research in the non-ferrous metals industry.
Zhang Tian Fung, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom. Ten years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment and team management, served as General Manager of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Board and Head of the Non-ferrous Metals, Futures and Quantities Strategy Group: former Director of Investment in the Management of Assets in the Huin Fong Dong Hing Project.
Second prize for the joint study of futures options at the Financial Futures Exchange (CIFE), third prize for the joint study of options at the Institute; and a silver prize for the Chinese Futures and a copper prize for multimedia: a third prize for the market simulation of the soybean futures at the Dalian Commodity Futures Exchange, and an award for the entry of options into the competition.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities reported that the Chinese friend cobalt industry (603799): The production of copper by electrolysis was overexpected, and the pre-discharge became the third level of the business, without any guarantee that the information and advice contained therein would not change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.