The transition was beginning to yield results, and the ex-drivers opened up the release - performance reported in the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799) Performance: the ring comparison improved significantly, the product increased in Maori and the ex-drive was a bright spot
The \triangleright rate increased from 6.7 per cent to 14.1 per cent during the same period, with the company producing 13510 tons of cobalt products (including entrusted processing) in the first half of the year and selling 87.92 per cent of cobalt tons, compared with the previous year (excluding the joint venture ' s export of 6587 tons abroad); and electricity and copper production of 42,704 tons, corresponding
\triangleright Lithium electric materials: Joaquin, Huaura, Yoyo, Purahua project production line certification, 4 m change work affected by the epidemic.
The Pu, Joaquin project is expected to be completed, and the Puhua and Lok-Yong project is expected to be completed by 2020h2. Nickel: in mid-July, 30,000 tons of high-pure tri-dollar power cell-grade sulphuric acid were officially launched.
Demand: As September approaches 3c downstream, alloy tradition: power cells, domestic power cell discharges continue to improve in August and are expected to improve in the second half of the year; new energy releases in Europe are confirmed. Supply: production declines in the first half of the year for major cobalt mining companies, build-up of outbreaks, and supply-side uncertainties increase. Supply and demand resonance, with cobalt prices gradually moving upwards.
The company ' s performance will improve significantly in 2020 as cobalt price centres move upwards, copper and three-dollar pre-removable capacity is released.
2. Quarterly report on the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799) provides an advance assessment of the unanticipated increase in cobalt and copper prices and the recovery of 3c and new energy demand.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.