The non-ferrous metal industry (603799) performed as expected, with a significant increase in the sales of electrolytic copper and ex-diversion products and the performance of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company released its semi-annual report for 2020, which generated a revenue of 9.05 billion yuan in the first half of the year, a 0.57 per cent decrease in the same year, an 817 per cent increase in the same year.
Growth: The company produced 427 million tons of copper in the first half of the year, an increase of 49.5 per cent in the same year and 890 million Maori, an increase of 78 per cent in the same year: 2) Māori, an increase in the Māori rate; 135,000 tons of cobalt products, a decrease in the same amount as the previous year, 104,000 tons of cobalt products sold, a decline in the same year, benefiting from the consumption of high-value cobalt stocks, gross
The interest rate was 14.6%, with a 3 percentage point increase in the same year, and the amount of Māori remained almost equal; (3) pre-removement sales increased significantly: pre-removement sales increased by 13,000 to 127 000 tons, compared to the corresponding increase in nickel resources and improved supply systems. Over the next three years, the company plans to increase its full-time pre-removement capacity.
By 150,000 tonnes/year, the combined assets could be raised to 130,000 tonnes/year, and the raw materials required for the pre-discharges mentioned above would be supplied mainly by the company, which would require more than 100,000 tonnes/year of nickel metal.
Upstream miners reduce production capacity, downstream demand warms, and future supply and demand gaps are expected to continue to boost cobalt prices. Katanga production is affected, and the yield guidelines can be adjusted downward, and the value will be adjusted down to the year’s mineral target.
Ambatovy will be suspended, affected by the new crown epidemic and the decline in the cost of cobalt and the scale of mining, with the prospect of a reduction of 8 per cent in the supply end of cobalt in 2020, combined with the warming of the demand for cobalt downstream (new energy motor power and the demand for consumer batteries such as 5g mobile phones) and a gap in demand for cobalt in 2020.
Over 10,000 tons, the supply and demand gap is expected to continue to increase the price of cobalt. Future releases of the company's electrolysis copper and pre-triple drive capacity are expected to continue to boost the company's performance.
Material leaders (2020-05-26) do not meet the expected risks, and the additional capacity to produce is not as fast as expected.
(a) The ability to generate productive capacity to generate higher corporate performance, leading the way in building an all-industry competitive advantage (2019-10-22)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.