On August 28, 2018, Kyotoa released its mid-year report for 2018, and the company achieved business income of 43,474 million yuan in the first half of 2018, a decrease of 2.54 per cent from the previous year.
Kyoto Orientala (000725.sz) realized a net profit of 2,975 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, a decline of 30.85 per cent from the same year. This was due to a decline in operating income from the display business, as well as a slowdown in the growth of smart system products, which affected the company’s revenue and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
In the first half of 2018, the global panel market continued to weaken. \triangleright’s global LCD panel volume reached 135 million during the reporting period, a 3.7% decline in the ring and a 3.6% decline in the area ring.
In spite of the war, the Tokyo Eastern television panel continued to grow by 34.6% on a year-on-year basis, ranking first in the world, with the highest volume of goods in the world, and showing full first place in the market for mainstream products with a practice number: s150051880001. During the reporting period, many of the company’s production lines were innovative, and 8.5 generation production lines were full of crop activity: products.
The rate of success has been rising, with the rate of 43 inches of the 8.5 generation tft-lcd production line in Fuzhou continuing for three months to reach 98%, the rate of in-house start-ups to reach 70% at the end of June for the sixth generation of the amoled production line.
The price of the liquid crystal panel began to decline in the second half of 2017 as a result of the continued expansion of the production capacity of the panels. 2018 \triangleright, research assistant to King Satama.
During the first half of the year, LCD prices continued the previous trend, with the 32-inch LCD panel prices falling in varying degrees, with the largest decline, from $67 at the end of last year to $45 at the end of June: the smallest decline, reaching 14.69 per cent, from $177 to $151. In addition to the decline in prices, the growth in the average size of the LCD panel slowed down and even fell to the full.
In the first half of 2018, the 32-inch panel showed a 25% increase in the same volume, with the global LCD. Integrator Deep Up and Downwards, the high-placed generation responding to industrial developments accounted for up to 32%; 39-45-inch panel showed an 11% increase in the same proportion, up to 24.4%; and 65-inch panel links decreased by 4%.
The average size of the global LCD panel in the first quarter of 2018 was 43.6 inches, the ring was 0.1 inches lower, and the ring was 43.3 inches lower in the second quarter, and the ring was 0.3 inches lower. The decline in the average size aggravated the oversupply of LCDs, with significant benefits for companies’ profitability, intellectual systems and health service operations.
In the \triangleright group, tv, mnt's entire cargo was up by 20% on a year-on-year basis, smart factories were able to light their product in March, and the iot solution community's smart retail business was branded.
In February, in the health service community, the compost digital hospital moved in and construction of the Chengdu digital hospital proceeded as planned.
>Risk factors: slow macroeconomic development; declining state support for industry and companies; continued decline in prices of lcd and amoled products; excessive depreciation pressures and interest on loans leading to continued deterioration of corporate finances.
In 2016, he joined the Shuda Institute of Physics and Masters in Condensed Physics, Beijing University.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.