In the first half of 2018, the LCD panel reached 135 million, ranking first, lCD, lgd, and cluster light power.
Two or three, followed by three, and three, by Sunshine. In terms of volume and volume, LCD panels dropped by 3.7% in the first half of 2018, 10.6% in the same year, LCD rings by 3.6% in the same year, 8.8% in the same year, smaller LCD panels in the same size, average LCD panels in June 2017, prices of LCD panels have fallen for 12 months in a row due to oversupply and poor performance in the television market.
In this context, some manufacturers are actively adjusting their business plans, and, based on the congenial consulting “supply and demand model” estimates, the price of the panels began to rise in July, which could continue the upward trend in August. The third quarter is a high-yielding season for liquid crystal panels, with the return of liquid crystal panel prices and an increase in the volume of supplies and improvements in the performance of some manufacturers.
Yuan Hae-woo Research Assistant 2 suggested two angles for the layout of the electronics sector. First, attention to the high demand and the more dynamic segments of downstream industries, the growing demand, would be a steady driver of industrial development, such as optical components, display plates, and a high growth space. Second, attention to the country ' s priority-supported segments.
Wang Sayu's research assistant, such as semiconductor.
[Excellent push] is a weekly industry product that gathers policy foresight, market hot spots, and deep-seated industries, with only shares for investors seeking absolute returns.
The reason for the proposed stock changes is that, for the next three months, we have the best idea, and we think that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market and suggest a more focused configuration.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In 1993, after many years of layout and development, the Kyoto East has formed three major industries: displays, intelligence systems, and health services. Displays are the company’s most important business, and companies are highly competitive in this field.
Smart phones, flat-board crystal displays, and television and monitor LCD screens are the world’s second-largest. Smart phones, tablets, and laptops are now in maturity, and the demand for lcd is growing faster in the future. There are nine tft-lcd production lines in Kyoto East, five of which are high-generation, productive and responsive to the trend towards large-scale LCD displays.
The layout of the Tokyo East has been expanding. An amoled technical laboratory was set up earlier in 2011 and now has three flexible amoled production lines, which were launched last October. The industry is still in the early stages of development and has many paths to break. The gap between the flexible form of the Kyoto East and the three star's oed has been very small in terms of experience with the end-products. In the field, Kyoto East is fully operational.
In the future, as technology matures, the penetration of amoled smartphones and old TVs will continue to rise, and Kyoto East is expected to become a leading business in the field. > 3, smart systems and health services can grow. In the intelligent system community, in 15, 16, and 17 years, companies have completed their intelligence through autonomous R & D and M & D.
In the health service industry, companies have developed mobile health management platforms and ecosystems that provide high-quality health care to clients. Risk factors such as smart manufacturing, car networking, health services, etc. Risk factors: slow macroeconomic growth; declining state support for industry and companies; substantial decline in the prices of liquid crystals and amoled products; excessive depreciation pressure
The company’s financial situation has continued to deteriorate as a result of power and interest on loans.
Tianjin, Beijing University, has had eight years of experience in cellular research, laboratory management, etc., and in communications in 2015. Yuan Hae-woo, Beijing University, Master of Physics, Master of Condensed Physics, Master of Condensed Physics.
This report has been prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is provided to specific customers only and not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.