Welle shares (603501.sh) Net profit grew by 498% in 2024.
Annual operating income of $25,731 million (Yoy22.41 per cent) was largely due to a significant increase in the volume of income generated by image sensors applied to smartphones and automobiles; net return to mothers of $3,323 million huhui2@guosen.com.cn
zhangdawei1@guosen.com.cn The market share of high-end smartphone products has continued to rise. The smartphone image sensor solution generated $9.802 billion (Yoy26.01%) in 2024, or 51.1%.
Structural optimization and supply chain optimization continue to enhance the competitiveness of high-end smartphone cis markets; of these, ov50h has been widely used in mainstream high-end smartphone back-breeding programmes in the country, accompanied by a smooth climb in productivity and a continuous increase in the company ' s market share in the high-end smartphone sector.
Smart driving penetration has accelerated, and the number and specifications of vehicle-mounted cameras have increased significantly. In 2024, the electronic car map, a compact car-cis solution, has covered a wide range of car applications, including adas; based on different specifications of the technology, companies have issued advanced driving support systems (adas) that can be used.
And the high-performance pre-drive (ad) machine visual cameras are new, continuously expanding the line of vehicle-borne products. Shows the continuum of solutions, simulates the layout of solutions to drive the vehicle. 2024 shows solutions of $1.028 billion (Yoy-17.77%) in revenue from programme operations, and companies keep pushing the product over and over and selling.
The same-year-old growth of 16.84% and a steady increase in market share, coupled with a growing variety of product types, gradually covering mainstream applications such as smart phones, medium-sized screens, vehicle display drives, etc. Simulation solution operations received $1.422 billion (Yoy23.18%) and the company will continue to push in as the demand for simulation chips warms.
A new growth point for simulating the growth of the solution using a simulation of the product layout of the chip. Investment advice: maintain a "better than the big city" rating. We watch companies continue to operate image sensors in smartphones and vehicle applications.
Welle shares (603501.sh) - net profits increased by 545 per cent in the previous three quarters, high end mobile phones, Well shares (603501.sh) - profits increased by 793 per cent in the first half of the year over the same period, smartphones, Well shares (603501.sh) - high-end smartphones and car electronic applications,
Welle Shares (603501.sh) - Three-quarter rounder growth by 38 per cent, high end and figure 1: Corporate operating income and growth (billion yuan, %) Figure 2: Corporate quarterly operating income and growth (billion yuan, %)
Figure 3: Corporate net profit return and growth rate (billion yuan, %) Figure 4: Companies ' quarterly net profit return (billion yuan, %) Figure 5: Corporate share of sub-products
Figure 6: Māori ratio of company sub-products (%) Figure 8: Māori rate of company, net interest rate, cost rate (%) Figure 9: Quarterly cost rate of company
Figure 10: Quarterly Māori rates for companies, net interest rates, cost rates (%) Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the professional understanding of authors, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future