The smartphones, the car market, which boosted the major cis industry, Weir's share (603501.sh) was reported in 2024 as a strong growth in the demand for smartphones and automobiles, which contributed to higher earnings and higher profits.
The Division announced that in 2024, 1,220 million smartphones were exported globally, an increase of 7 per cent over the same period, and 314 million smartphones from Chinese and Chinese markets, an increase of 8.7 per cent over the same period, with the introduction of 12um50 million pixel high-end image sensors ov50h, which were widely used in the country.
The market share of the mainstream high-end smartphone backboard programme has continued to rise. In 2024, we completed 31,282,000 and 31,436,000 vehicles, respectively, an increase of 3.7% and 4.5%, respectively, and re-innovated. The company ' s car cis solution has been overtaken.
In 2024, corporate cis achieved business income of $19.1990 billion, accounting for 74.76% of the main business income, an increase of 23.52% over the previous year.
The high R & D level guarantees product upgrading and boosts competitiveness. In 2024, the company was semi-directed.
With the exception of 2023, R & D investment has remained positive and relatively high since 2020. With high-intensity R & D investment, the company has built up.
Growing up a mature research and development team and patent matrix to provide a barrier to product upgrading and new product development, contributing to a steady increase in competitiveness. Profit forecasting and investment rating: corporate cis (image sensor) business in 2024
The demand for mobile phones and cars is supported by high growth rates. Companies focus on R & D, the cost of R & D is high, the capacity for product R & D and upgrading is high, driving the city to increase steadily, adding up to the certainty of growth in both areas downstream, and the company is expected to remain robust.
Growth. We predict that the company will achieve net return profits separately in 2025-2027, with a similarity in the main business, with Stewi-w, Gekkowi, Moi-Innovation as a comparable public division, and a certain underestimation in the company as the leader of the cis business. For the first time, coverage is given to the public.
There are uncertainties in the import of products; R & D progress is less than expected; major overseas economies add tariffs: data references risks. \triangleright
\triangleright, other company profit forecasts come from consistent expectations; 2024 is forecast data for \triangleright)
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. In projecting the evolution of the securities variety or making recommendations on the feasibility of investment securities, I have made the required disclosure and, to the extent I know it, the company, and the stakeholders in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended.