Weir shares (603501), car ciss growth strong, ar/vr application multiple scenes expanded, ai contributed to consumer electronic demand warming, car intelligence accelerated, semiconductor design operations
In 2024, the global semiconductor industry recovered, i promoted the warming of consumer electronic demand, accelerated car intelligence, and the industry as a whole entered the upper cycle. Companies seized market opportunities, continued import of products from high-end smartphone markets, and car intelligence penetration.
Driven by such factors as acceleration, the company’s business performance has grown significantly, and its operating income has reached a record high. At the same time, the company achieved improvements in the Māori rate and a rise in net profits through product structural optimization and supply chain synergies.
25,670 million yuan, corresponding to +22.43%. Of this amount, semiconductor design operations/ semiconductor agent sales operations, image sensor solution operations/show solution operations/models have the highest/minimum price within 52 weeks
In 2024, companies applied images to their own smartphones and car markets.
On the other hand, companies actively promote product structure optimization and supply chain architecture, and continuously enhance the competitiveness of high-end smartphone cis markets. For example, since the introduction of a high-end image sensor of 125 million pixels, 0v50h, based on its superior performance, it has been widely applied in the country.
The mainstream high-end smartphone backstage program has been accompanied by a smooth climb in productivity, and companies continue to increase their market share in high-end smartphones. At the same time, companies are investing in developing and enriching product sequences of different specifications, steadily increasing the value and profitability of their products, and moving on to one.
In the case of cars, the company has covered a wide range of car applications, such as adas, internal controls in the cab, electronic rear-view mirrors, dashboard cameras, rear-view and panoramic images.
The quality of the product also helps companies import more new designs. In the recent past, the company has launched a vehicle image sensor product with different specifications using theiacelTM technology, and has also distributed high-performance before it can be used for advanced driving support systems (adas) and autopilots (ad).
A new machine visual camera. At the same time, the company, with its valuable experience in the automobile industry for almost 20 years and a well-developed car regulation certification system, is constantly enriching the car regulation product matrix, providing a new impetus for the company’s annual growth in performance and for a sustained increase in its market share.
Aar/vr uses multiple scenarios to accelerate penetration, and machine visual market resilience expands. Emerging markets, such as ar/vr, have the potential for rapid growth in the context of global intelligence and virtual convergence.
The mirrors are also turning into a qualitative deterioration node. According to idc, the global market for smart glasses in 2025 is projected to produce 12.05 million products, an increase of 18.3 per cent over the same period, and companies continue to contribute to the growth of the application market by providing sophisticated visual and sensor solutions to global audiences.
The leading edges of exposure technology, enabling terminal devices to perform eye tracking, synchronization and mapping (“slam”) functions, corporate image sensor products are superior in small size and low power consumption, highly suitable for end-user needs, such as ar/vr, and, in addition, the lcos product developed by the company.
With its high resolution, compactness, low power consumption and low-cost features, new markets such as ar/vr will be able to provide additional support in terms of economic suitability and programme viability. In 2024, the company created a new machine-visual sector, with machine-visual applications for industrial automation and intelligence.
Importantly, there are important applications in smart storage logistics, smart testing, etc. With strong technical support in the fields of nyxel, bsi, and globalshutter technology, the public and the private sector have brought huge innovations to the industry to meet the needs of clients through innovative visual solutions.
Market/material networking revenue is about $760 million, an increase of 42.37 per cent over the same period the previous year. Car simulations contribute new growth points to the growth of simulation solutions.
During the reporting period, the company continued to consolidate its cooperation with downstream clients, and its current market share steadily increased, with the company simulating solution business achieving operating income of $1,422 million, an increase of 23.18 per cent over the same period the previous year. The company will continue to promote the products of car simulating chips.
Layout, which promotes the import of multiple products such as can/lin, serdes, pmic, sbc, etc., contributing to a new growth point for modelling solutions, using car simulations 10 to 37.03% more than the previous year's year. Meanwhile, companies continue to roll out multiple new items to provide more solutions for downstream customers.
. In the area of car regulation simulation chips, the company has introduced the first-class lcd display screen, pmic --wxd3137q. The pmic has been certified with a hard aec-q100, has been combined with vpos and vneg output and has supported vgh/vgl expansion with a minimum of 1.15mhz fixed switch frequency
Rate. The company ' s introduction of an integrated high-speed Can transceiver and a fully-fledged car-car-car-car-car-borne Minisbc standard meets the criteria of cia601-4 and can be used in multiple nodes and complex peaks
It's effective enough to reduce signal reflections in the bus, reduce the probability of ringing the bell, while maintaining 5mbps' communication speed, providing more reliable Can communications, and fully satisfying the steam.
(c) Tax risks, such as risk; risk of new product development; risk of bad accounts receivable; risk of large inventories; risk of exchange rate movements; risk of interest rate changes; and tax risks, such as changes in tax incentives;
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.