Weir shares (603501) High profit growth, taking advantage of new opportunities for growth in multiple areas Events: Companies published 2024 reports, companies achieved $25,731 million in 2024, a year-on-year increase
Image sensor operations drive high growth in corporate performance, and product structure optimizes the recovery of Māori rates. With the continued penetration of image sensor products in high-end smartphone markets and auto-drive applications, market shares in related areas have grown steadily, and company operating revenues have increased significantly.
The annual income from the company's main business was $25,670 million, an increase of 22.43 per cent. Of this amount, the semiconductor design industry earned $21,640 million, representing 84.30 per cent of the income from the main business, an increase of 20.62 per cent; the company's semiconductor sales generated $3,939 million, representing the company's main business.
Income was 15.34 per cent, an increase of 32.62 per cent over the same period. In 2024, the image transfer sensor solution business achieved business income of $19.19 billion, representing 23.18 per cent of the income of the main business.
There has been a significant increase in the volume of income from smartphones and image sensors in the automobile market. Benefiting from factors such as product structural optimization and cost control, the Māori rate of corporate products has recovered steadily, with the Māori rate of 29.44% in 2024, a significant increase of 7.68 pcts in comparison.
< Pacific Securities Corporation (PSC) Departure - Wehr shares at a sales rate of 2.16 per cent, a decrease of 0.06 pcts from the previous year. 748 million yuan in sales costs and $470 million in sales were incurred, mainly as a result of increased interest income and exchange gains and losses and reduced interest costs.
Continue to deepen the penetration rate of high-end smart phones, carciss, and take advantage of new opportunities at the end of the neighbourhood. In the area of smartphones, the company has completed a full series of back-to-back master product layouts, while actively promoting the optimization of product formation and supply chain architecture and improving the competitiveness of the product mix.
The high-end image sensor ov50h of 50 million pixels, for example, has been widely applied to the mainstream high-end smartphone back-to-back master sensors programme in the country, and is gradually replacing the same products of overseas competitors, which have achieved the company's market share in the high-end smartphone field.
Significant breakthroughs. In the area of carciss, the company has covered a wide range of car applications, including adas, internal controls in the cab, electronic rear-view mirrors, dashboard cameras, rear-views and panoramic images. In recent years, the company ' s car cos product has shown excellent performance.
It also helps companies get more imports of new designs, and the company’s car cis performance is expected to maintain a higher rate of growth. The company’s brand-new global ogtcbs1 (gs) image sensor, which allows for the tracking of the eye and face in the ar/vr/mr consumer headphones and glasses.
For the first time, the company applied its unique dcgTM high dynamic range (hdr) technology to the ar/vr/mr market with high profit growth, taking advantage of new opportunities for growth in multiple fields 2.2 micro-pixel image transmission.
The power of the gotcbsigs image sensors has been reduced by more than 40%. The company continues to contribute to this growth by providing sophisticated visual and sensor solutions to a global audience.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report