Weir shares will fully benefit from the upgrade of cellular phones and vehicle-mounted image chips, and in 2024 Weir shares earned $25.730 billion in business income, an increase of 22.4 per cent in the same year, of which image sensors earned $19.19 billion, an increase of 23.5 per cent in the same year, representing 74.7 per cent of total income.
Motivated solutions showed income of $1.03 billion, a decline of 17.8 per cent, or 4 per cent of total income, compared with the previous year.In view of the trend in operating income, companies have achieved a sustained improvement in operating income growth over the last two years in sectors dominated by price reductions and de-stocking.
The semiconductor distribution business grew by 7%, showing an overall negative growth in power-driven and power-management revenues over the years, and did not return to its previous highs. $660 million, judging the company’s historical high-value inventory against current stock levels and Māori rates, should be basic.
In 2024, Weir shares were in the mobile phone sector, and the Cis, represented by ov50h, became the host of the Chinese Pure70, the 14-Mi, and the vivoiq0012 series, and became the owner of the world’s top five mobile brands.
Its ox12a10, ox08d10 and oxo3h10 car-borne Cis pixels of 12 million, 8 million and 3 million, respectively, expose the dynamics of 140db on a single basis, fully matching the needs of cities noa and high-speed noa, which are now heavily popular in domestic cars.
With the country’s new energy vehicles leading to global motor and intelligent growth, the cis chip is an important determinant of performance, and demand and value levels will continue to grow rapidly. Weir’s share cis technology has reached industry level and will fully benefit from the upgrading of mobile phones and vehicle-borne image chips.
I. The Wire shares earn a record high of the Cis chip as a major contributor. In 2024, Weir shares earned 25.730 billion yuan, an increase of 22.4 per cent, of which the image sensors received a million yuan, an increase of 32.6 per cent, or 15.3 per cent of total revenue, based on a simulation of the power management chip.
Programme operating income of $1.42 billion, an increase of 23.2 per cent, or 5.5 per cent of total income. Show-driven solutions income of $1.03 billion, a decrease of 17.8 per cent, or 4 per cent of total income, over the past two years.
Business income growth improved consistently throughout the period. Corporate business income grew at a record high in 2022, with a contribution of more than 76 per cent. Semiconductor distribution grew by 7 per cent, showing that revenue from power-driven and power-management activities as a whole had been negative in recent years and had not returned to its previous highs.
In 2024, Weir achieved a net return to the mother of $3.32 billion, a five-fold increase over the same period. After deducting the non-recurrent quarter, the company achieved a net return to the mother of $870 million, a 55.2 per cent increase over the same period.
Net profits of 850 million, an increase of about 50 per cent over the same year, continued the high growth trend of 2024. The breakthrough in high-end cis technology from profit three, Weir shares, will fully benefit from the upgrading of cell phones and car-borne ciss.
The M14 series and the vivoiq0012 series are featured on the top of the world’s top five mobile brands. The 0v50x cell phone, which was released in April 2025, uses a cis chip, 1 inch bottom, 50 million pixels, a single dynamic range of 110db, has already flattened the industry’s lyt-900 series on key parameters.
In the car-car-cis area, Weir shares have for the second year in a row surpassed Ansomé as the leader of the industry, with thousands of unique exposures to 140db’s dynamic range, fully matching the needs of the city’s noa and high-speed noa, which are now heavily popular in the country’s car factories.
With the current trend of increasing global competitiveness and market dominance of the country’s product-plate mobile phones and China’s new energy cars leading to the growth of motor power and intelligence, the cis chip, as one of the important performance determinants, will continue to grow rapidly in demand and value.
At this level, fully benefiting mobile phones and vehicle-borne microchips will be upgraded.The First Enterprise Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the Corporation”), with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has portfolio investment advice, and the recipient is not a customer of the Corporation, should consult with independent investment advisers before making any investment decisions based on or requesting any explanation for this report.
We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or a bid for the securities described, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author.