It's a record high, with mobile phones, cars, and so on.
In 2024, the world’s semi-directed industry, Chen Wei Xiang, recovered, and ai pushed consumer electronic demand back and car intelligence faster.
The company seized the opportunity to achieve a significant increase in business performance during the reporting period, driven by factors such as the continued import of high-end smartphone markets, car intelligence penetration.
Cell phones, vehicle-borne operations are going well, and the market share has been increasing. During the reporting period, companies actively promoted the optimal product structure and the product's high-end. On smart phones, the company has launched a $125 million high-pixel image sensor ov50h, based on its excellent performance.
The company’s market share in high-end smartphones continued to rise during the reporting period. The company added 26.01%; in vehicle-borne operations, the company’s sophisticated car-cis solution has been implemented by means of an advanced, compact car-cis solution.
After covering a wide range of car applications such as adas, internal controls in the cab, electronic rearview mirrors, dashboard cameras, backviews and panoramic images, the high performance of the products also helped companies to import revenues of about $5.905 billion, an increase of 29.85 per cent over the same period the previous year, and the market share continued to rise.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.