Weir shares (603501.ch): A quarter of profits, supermarket forecast, car cis is expected to grow dramatically in Pui Ying.
• To reiterate the “buy-in” rating of Weir shares: Weir shares enter a more powerful product cycle, with multiple plates driving business growth in 2025. First, the new energy driver penetration rate, which benefits from Biadi’s drive-driven intellectual power, has increased significantly, as car-borne cis capacity is further reduced
Put it down, the company's car is going to grow a lot this year. And second, the company's auto simulations are also growing in volume, thus driving the entire business simulation. And third, the company's mobile phone sis is expected to expand at a high rate in the second half of the year when a large number of new items are on the market.
Fourth, corporate contact shows that business is expected to achieve a balance of gains and losses this year. At the end, in the long run, the potentially growing ceilings of many of the company’s business plates have been opened, and the valuations have a long-term scope to go up, reiterating the “buy-in” rating.
Billion dollars, 15 per cent increase in the same year, a 5 per cent decline in the ring, and a new high in revenue in the first quarter of the year. Company gross interest rates were 31.0 per cent, 3.1 percentage points higher in the same year, and 2.1 percentage points in the ring, mainly as a result of improved product structure and optimized supply chains. Corporate turnover rates fell by 1.5 per cent in the same year.
At a percentage point, the ring has fallen by 1.0 percentage points, continuing the efficient management strategy that has prevailed since last year. The company’s operating profits have grown significantly in both the ring and the ring, significantly higher than the market’s consistent projections.
• Valuation: We use the dcf valuation, using a 2.2% no-risk rate, and assume that Wel Unit • invests in risk: end demand for smart phones, new energy vehicles, etc. is growing less than expected.
It's easy to disturb supply chains or c-end demand. The demand for mobile phones or high end ciss on car cameras is weak than expected. Upstream costs increase, and companies' prices are not sufficiently actionable. Industry competition increases, and companies' Māori rates are under pressure.
It's not enough to meet demand. The semiconductor cycle goes down and the company's business growth is weak.
• Performance review and forecast adjustment
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios for Pilgrim International and Pilgrim International.
Pessimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing less than expected
(b) Upstream cost increases and insufficient action on the prices of corporate products;
(b) Increased competition in the industry and pressure on the company's Māori ratio;
The recipients of this report, including any relevant annexes, have expressed and assured their right to receive this report in accordance with the following conditions:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is prepared by the Group Information and other public information that is considered to have been collected from holders of the first category (securitization transactions) and the fourth category (opinion on securities) of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is only intended to provide information and cannot be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as a professional opinion or investment in legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
For any recommendation, you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on the legal and related matters related to any of the transactions described in this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice, or may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress made after the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you shall not make any decision on investment, withdrawal or other financial aspects solely on the basis of the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which can be based on a number of assumptions, limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations, and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pui Jin International.
(collectively “Phibbing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies referred to in this report or in relation to them, and may from time to time buy or sell.