Weir shares: high growth in cell phone/car cis, high performance innovation in 2024 Investment rating: increase (maintenance) 2024 annual report issued by Weir shares on 16 April 2025, company ' s 2024 camp
Income from industry increased by 22.4 per cent over the same period by $25.730 billion; net profit from return to maternity by $3.32 billion over the same period, net profit from return to maternity by $950 million over the same period, a rise of $406.4 per cent over the same period, a decrease of 6.0 per cent over the same period, a decrease of $760 million over the same period, an increase of 92.66.2 per cent over the same period, a decrease of 17.1 per cent over the same period; and a decrease in the Māori rate.
The company ' s high performance in 2024 was largely attributable to: 1) downstream high-end smartphone markets, recovery of car market demand, and gradual increase in the company ' s share of the market 2)) continued optimization of the company ' s product structure and increased Māori prevalence as a result of cost control.
• Image sensor: high-end product load of cellular phones/cars, leading to a high performance of cis 19.1990 billion yuan in operating company cis operations in 2024, about 74.8 per cent of revenue, optimized product structure and supply chain structure of cellular cis and continued enhancement of the high-end smartphone market
Field competitiveness. Corporate smartphones generated about $9.8 billion in 2024, an increase of 26.0 per cent in the same year. 2) Automobile market: the company has covered adas, interior control of the cab, electronic rearviews, dashboard cameras, rear view and panoramic images with an advanced, compact car cis solution
A wide range of car applications continues to enrich the matrix of car-grade products. In 2024, the company ' s car car cis ar/vr area, the advantage of the company ' s image sensor product in small size and low power consumption, was highly appropriate with end-user needs such as ar/vr, cameracubechip, lcos, touch chip, power pipe.
Products such as chip control have also been used in the ar/vr area, where the value of the single machine continues to increase. In the case of the market, the company has created a new machine visual sector, which, thanks to strong technical support in the fields of nyxel, bsi and globalshutter technology, has achieved high levels of machine visual applications.
In 2024, the company generated about $760 million from its emerging market/material network cis products, up from 2. Cellular and car-driven revenues in the first quarter.
The ratio of income to mobile phones continues to rise, the market recovers less than expected; the product expands less than expected; the Māori rate is not repaired as expected; and the cost side does not control as much as expected: the tariff impact is higher than expected.
The research framework and financial analysis system are mature, good at analysing investment opportunities from a buyer ' s perspective, and is fully responsible for team-based electronic industry research. Using legitimate compliance information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open market information, and I do not guarantee any change in the accuracy or completeness of the information or advice contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.