The global impact of the titanium powder industry is reported in depth by the dragon python.
The company’s technology is advanced, competitive, and has a clear advantage in terms of Maori rates, product prices, and industry-chain voice. The company’s 200,000-ton chlorination system at the end of the year is important.
The company is the only listed company with the ability to produce titanium with chlorination. The environmental advantage of chlorination is evident, and it has become a trend toward titanium powder production.
The company’s titanium-based industry is concentrated and competitive. The company’s products are widely favoured by international customers, with higher exports, higher unit prices for products, higher Māori rates, and strong brand and channel effects.
Companies are more integrated and have a stronger voice in the industrial chain. The business share of the top five suppliers and top five clients is significantly lower than that of their peers, with a stronger bargaining power up and down, and the expectation is that the titanium powder industry will continue to be high and that companies will benefit significantly.
Overseas demand, especially exports to developing countries, is a major driver of the increase in demand in our titanium powder industry, and this is expected to continue. As a result of environmental impacts, titanium powder production is now largely cleared, and future production is concentrated.
The process of chlorination, which is technically difficult, will continue to balance demand and supply for a longer period of time, and it is expected that price differentials in the titanium powder industry will continue to be maintained at high levels and even further expanded as a result of favourable factors such as increased concentration in the industry.
10, 9 and 7 times the corresponding amount, taking into account industry and the company's current situation and prospects, the company was given for the first time “Better 1”, “The titanium powder of cyclical studies: with paint and the truth”, 2 and “The dragon arcade” (002601), research brief: titanium powder prices
3. Report on the Evaluation of the Peripheral (00201): Acquisition of upstream mineral resources to build competitive advantages 2017-03-21 Sources of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East
Python Pythal is the leading company in our titanium industry, with a capacity of 600,000 tons in 2017 (Sulphatic Acid 540,000 tons).
China’s titanium powder production accounts for 40% of global capacity. In 2017, it produced 597,000 tons of titanium powder.
According to 21 per cent of the country ' s total production, 584.5 million tons of titanium powder were sold throughout the year, of which 3073 million tons of titanium powder were exported, which accounted for 37 per cent of the country ' s total exports, and more than 100 countries and territories in Asia, Africa and Europe, with a stronger global distribution of titanium powder production (2017).
In 2016, the U.S.C. merged with the dragon industry to form not only the largest titanium industry in the country, but also to optimize the industry profile of the country ' s titanium powder industry and to strengthen its control over the industry. The company is the only one in the country that has both sulfuric acid and chlorinated two-scale titanium powder.
The company's 200,000 tonnes/year new capacity is scheduled to be tested by the end of 2018, which, if successfully put into production, will mark a substantial breakthrough in the country's titanium powder industry in the large-scale chlorination process.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
The company’s main industry is concentrated in the production and sale of titanium powder, which in 2017 contributed 83% to the company’s operating income and 82% to the profits of the company. The price of titanium powder for sulphate (chloride) increases by 1,000 yuan, and titanium powder has a high refraction rate, desirable particle size distribution, good masking and coloring, and is white with excellent performance.
Paints, widely used in paints, rubbers, plastics, paper, printed ink, solar chemicals, electronics, microscopics.
The firm’s titanium powder products are in a better position within the industry, in terms of both unit prices, Māori rates and start-up rates. The firm’s competitive advantage is based on a higher volume effect and higher product quality, which is reflected directly in the now stronger market controls, higher start-up rates, and higher export ratios.
Higher market recognition and higher prices for titanium powder in the international market than in the domestic market have led to a certain increase in the ratio of foreign and domestic prices of titanium powder to the external sales of enterprises listed in figure 7.
Figure 8 Māori rate in titanium powder industry.
Figure 11 The share of overseas earnings of titanium companies listed on the market, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the dragon python pelican (002601), the giant titanium powder industry with global reach.
2.2 The company has a strong voice in the industrial chain and, in addition to its high productivity in the titanium industry, a comparison of the concentration of suppliers and downstream customers is clear, both in the top five suppliers and in the top five customers, in the total purchase and sale of the dragon python.
The relatively low share of the total is illustrated by the low reliance of companies on large suppliers and large customers and their stronger voice on the industrial chain. Since raw materials have a greater impact on the profitability of titanium powder, the degree of integration has a greater impact on the profitability of enterprises.
In 2017, the top five suppliers accounted for 15.04 per cent of total annual purchases, while the largest suppliers purchased only a small amount.
This represents 3.42 per cent of total annual purchases, which is significantly lower than the level of peers. In addition to actively expanding the supply of raw materials in the country, companies are active in the global titanium market, purchasing raw materials from a number of countries and regions, including Canada, South Africa, India, Mozambique, Senegal, etc., effectively ensuring adequate supply of raw materials.
At the same time, the company’s downstream customers are also widely distributed. In 2017, the top five clients of the company accounted for 15.04% of total annual sales, while the largest clients accounted for only 4.38% of total annual sales and were significantly lower than their counterparts, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
In addition to the advantages of a revolving economy resulting from a higher degree of company integration, there is some synergy between the company ' s products, including titanium powder, sulphate, sulphate and titanium-rich materials, which can create better internal and external synergies.
3. Chlorination is a trend, with companies predisposing advantage because of their significant environmental advantages, and has become a trend towards future titanium powder production processes.
The introduction of foreign chlorination techniques began in 2012 and they are constantly being tested and wrongly improved, with a clear pre-emptive advantage, with titanium powder production divided into two dominant processes: sulphate and chlorination. The sulphate method was born in the early 20th century, simple but highly contaminated, with low environmental impact but high technical content.
The industry’s international giants have long moved from sulphuric acid to chlorination. For example, the world’s first and second largest titanium powder companies, Tenor+Korst, and Corsa, are fully produced using chlorination.
A brief history of the development of the titanium powder industry, the sources of financial growth in the East, and a comparison of the advantages and disadvantages of the sulphate and chlorination methods.
Figure 15 Sulphur process and stain chain Figure 16 Chloride process and Corrosion process 3.1 company chlorination process is in the lead domestically
The company is the only listed company in the country that has the ability to produce titanium powder with chlorinated methods. The titanium powder device has a leading position in the country, has a greater advantage in continuous operation and product quality, and has a better prospect of magnification, including engineering segments such as chlorination, oxidation, reprocessing, and even national production.
The company ' s official achievement of 200,000 tonnes/year of additional chlorination capacity was achieved in 2019, it produced 150,000 tonnes/year of chlorination and further built up 300,000 tonnes of new chlorination capacity in coastal ports, further significantly increasing the company ' s market share and industry control.
In 2017, the company initially achieved scale sales of 60,000 tons of chlorinated titanium powder and established upstream purchases of raw materials.
The company's chlorinated titanium powder has successfully entered the supply chain for a range of strategic customers, such as ppg, kzonobel, herwin-williams, and nipponpaint, and has been highly recognized by the client.
The test production of titanium powder is expected by the end of 2018 and, if successfully put into production, will open up a wide range of developments for companies with significant environmental advantages and high technical thresholds in terms of chlorination.
In fact, since 2015, new production capacity for sulphuric acid has been almost impossible to approve. The increase in production capacity is mainly due to the completion of construction work in progress.
The sulphatic acid method produces a large amount of sludge in every process that produces titanium powder. Each ton of titanium powder, sulphatic acid process produces waste gas: a large amount of sulphur dioxide, acid fog and dust tails containing titanium dioxide.
Waste liquids: 8-10 tons of waste sulphate, several tons of sulphate, waste water such as titanium sulphate Slag: 200kg-300kg residues, recent years have seen government environmental authorities increase the enforcement of penalties for pollution in titanium powder production enterprises, with a high level of pollution
Small and medium-sized titanium powder production companies, which lack environmental protection measures, are forced to withdraw from production, while large titanium powder production companies are also required to increase their environmental equipment or to upgrade their environmental treatment. Environmental costs will increase as sewage requirements increase and costs increase.
Table 2.1 million t/year titanium powder production company environmental cost estimates ($/t)
The development of chlorination is a necessary trend for the future of the titanium powder industry, but the technology for the production of titanium powder for chlorination has started in our country late, and at present it is the only industry in our country that has the capacity to produce titanium powder for chlorinated technology, and if we want to achieve large-scale stable production, we have the capacity to produce titanium powder for chlorination.
Further technological breakthroughs, such as the material, design and operation of large-scale chlorinated furnaces, still need to be significantly improved. The barriers to large-scale applications of pre-chlorination are that production technologies are partly or totally foreign dependent and have limited capacity to develop independently.
Table 3 Technical bottlenecks in the chlorination process in our country.
Export of titanium powder to developing countries continues to be the main driving force behind the demand for titanium powder. Since 2016, exports, especially to developing countries, have been the main driving force behind the demand for titanium powder.
Since 2008, our exports of titanium powder have grown rapidly, with imports and exports almost equal in 2010, and since then we have become net exporters from net importers of titanium powder, which has grown sevenfold in 2017 and 2009, from 100,000 tons/year to 820,000 tons/year.
The share has grown from less than 10 per cent to 25 per cent.
Figure 19 Percentage of our exports of titanium powder as a percentage of production in Asia in recent years, including India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Viet Nam, Thailand and Pakistan, is the fastest growing region for our exports of titanium powder.
By 2017, 240,000 tons of it accounted for our exports, which also rose from 25.6 per cent in 2010 to 28.92 per cent in 2017, becoming one of our most important export destinations for titanium powder.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Figure 21: Share of our main exporters of titanium powder (2010): Figure 22: Share of our main exporters of titanium powder (2017)
The six above-mentioned Asian countries have achieved faster economic growth in recent years, but they themselves have only very limited capacity for titanium powder, which is subject to their backward industrial systems and limited capacity to expand. For the foreseeable future, developing countries in Asia will continue to maintain a strong growth demand for titanium powder in our country.
Figure 23, part of the country ' s gdp actually grew at the same rate, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual booms, and about 60% of titanium powder was used in the paint industry, mainly for building paint, the domestic demand for titanium powder and real estate.
The area of sale of houses is an important reference indicator for predicting the demand for titanium powder.
The demand for titanium powder in building paints is mainly reflected in the treatment of walls (both exterior and inner walls) and the domestic loading chain. titanium powder is the main species of white paint in building paints.
By deferring the sale of houses to June, we can see a high degree of consistency between the speed of the processed sales and the speed of the titanium powder. By doing so, it can be seen that the inertia associated with real estate warming in 16 years and the first half of 17 years will allow titanium powder demand to remain largely stable.
Figure 25 shows that the consumption of titanium powder is increasing at the same rate as the area where the house is sold.
titanium powder stocks have shown a largely downward trend since mid-2016. The current titanium powder stocks are at historically low levels, reflecting a tight supply and demand pattern, and given the supply end-side capacity constraints due to clean production, environmental stress and technical bottlenecks, we believe that titanium powder prices will remain relatively strong.
At a price of $18,000 to 2000 tons, the raw materials account for a larger share of the production costs of titanium powder, the largest of which is the cost of titanium.
The price changes for titanium concentrates will have some impact on the cost of titanium powder, but with the increased concentration of the titanium powder industry leading to a higher profile of the industrial chain, titanium powder producers can better spread the price of titanium concentrates.
1. The supply of raw materials titanium concentrates is stable and prices do not fluctuate significantly 2. The pace of production and economic efficiency of the chlorination method are in line with expectations.
3. The company ' s sulfate method does not result in a long-term cut-off of production; 4. titanium powder prices remain strong; 5. The high growth trend in overseas demand is maintained and the export environment does not deteriorate significantly.
East Hing Securities Insight Report (002001): The world's powerful titanium powder industry.
Prices of primary products and raw materials fluctuated significantly; the industry was less favourable than expected.
Liu Woo-doo, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Finance Engineering + Law, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, cfa.
Master of Science in Industrial Catalytic and Response Engineering, University of Qinghua, Zhang Minghua, 2 years of experience in chemical industries, research assistant in basic chemical industries, October 2015
Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, University of Ohio, PhD in Chemical Engineering, cfa holder, three years of experience in the chemical industry. Authors of several leading international academic journals, with 5 national and international patents, and more than 10 papers from leading international academic journals, which have been cited almost 1,000 times.
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, LL.M. in Chemical Engineering, Talsa University, United States of America, four years of experience in chemical engineering overseas, joined Dong-heung's view of research in May 2018. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.