Short-term performance is hampered by industry adjustments and products are being studied to support long-term competitiveness
On April 25, 2025, the company issued its first quarter report for 25 years. In 2501, the company achieved 1. " Americas: steady growth in the industry against the wind, R & D + 663 million yuan (same - 18%) of operating income, and a net return of 444 million yuan (same - 18%) to the mother.
The company's Māori rate is 93.85% in the first quarter, compared to 3.
-0.5 pct, ring comparison-0.79 pct; in addition, company sales costs, management costs, research and development inputs added, and new pipelines provide long-term kinetic energy.
In October of 24th year, sodium trifluoride gel was approved and is expected to be marketed in 25 years with an increase in the amount of equipment. 2) The application for permission to enter the market for the injection of a type-a botox, Lidocaine butcaine emulsions, Minodil gels has been accepted and is in the review stage.
Para. 3) Reorganization of transparent acidases, smigrupus injection fluids (for weight management), deoxychoic acid injections (for local lipid reduction) have been provided with clinical trial batches. 4) Second-generation facial implants, etc. are in the clinical trial phase. Rich and gradientd overlays in the pipeline.
In a number of hot areas, such as filling, combating decay, rejuvenation, growth, etc., the long-term growth of companies is expected to lead to strong short- and medium-term industry regulation, with much room for growth in the long-term sector. In 2024, the domestic market for medicine and the United States faced a slowdown and increased competition.
Over the long term, according to Deloitte, non-surgery-type projects (especially injections) continue to be the main growth points. Companies are expected to rely on strong R & D power, rich product pipelines, and completions.
Good channel layout and positive internationalization are expected to reinforce the vanguard position. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Product R & D is not as fast as expected; increased competition leads to the risk of a fall in net interest rates; market diffusion
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market