In the first half of the year, there was a steady improvement in performance, with a number of boards, motor panels providing strong kinetic energy, accelerator shares (002463.sz) 27/08/2023
• 2023h1 has a steady medium performance, providing a strong dynamic power from the dots, motor panels and maintaining a “buy-in” rating of 3,763 million yuan, or +0.74 per cent, from the “buy-in” rating of company 20239h1; and a net return of 493 million yuan, resulting in a sustained increase in the performance of the same division, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
• Short-term pressure on the stockboard operations, the performance of the i server products, the wide space for long-term growth, the weak demand and the competition for prices, with the 2023h1 corporate communications market, with a similar decline of about 8.02 per cent, the i server and Hpc-related products rising in reverse, with a year-on-year increase of about 5.69 pcts.
With respect to power products, data centre servers, i-server products are certified by important customers overseas; arithmetic plus speedcards, web-accelerated card products are produced in bulk. With regard to exchange machine products, 800g exchange products are delivered in bulk, resulting in volume production. Looking forward to a strong growth of 2023h2,a-server and Hpc-related pcb products.
The demand for traditional servers is expected to rebound, and companies are expected to resume growth. • Automobile operations remain strong, high-level product booster performance continues to grow.
Downstream 2023q1, down-to-stock rhythm slows down, with revenues growing by about 23.48% on the same date. Faced with a highly competitive environment for low-end products on the board, firms are expected to accelerate their R & D transition to a strong -- company information update report.
Inputs, optimization of product and output structures; productivity improvements, lower costs, and building core competitiveness. In terms of capacity, investment in low-yield micro-electricity has accelerated to expand the capacity of products such as high-level hdi; and the completion of the acquisition strategy, " Performance forecast for high growth in 2022, pcb Māori "
The company’s automobile business is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the future. 2022q3 shows high performance, core network pcb
Optimizing Production Structure - Corporate Information Update Report