* On 25 August, the company 1h23 received 3,763 million yuan, an increase of 0.74 per cent over the previous year; a net profit of 493 million yuan was realized, a decrease of 7.74 per cent over the same period; and sales were realized.
In the first half of the year, the company’s \triangleright was more robust, and its motor panels, office and industrial equipment panels maintained relatively fast growth.
The decline in profits was largely influenced by exchange rates and interest rates, with the net public-sector financial revenue declining by $44 million on a year-on-year basis; and the negative contribution to the company’s performance by holding a stock subsidiary winning and showing a loss of $35 million. By ring, it benefited from the pull of demand and high-end vehicle-borne products.
The performance of the company has improved significantly, and the profitability of the company has improved significantly. 2q23 has achieved revenues of 1,896 million yuan, an increase of 4.24 per cent in the same year and a rise of 150 per cent in the ring; and a net return profit of $292 million, an increase in the same year.
\triangleright Stock Phase, traditional data centre market demand is weak, with 1h23 generating 2,181 million yuan, a decline of 8.02%, or 57.96% of corporate revenue.
Assessment: 1q23 performance pressure, ai+ car board leading to long-term growth and high-speed growth of hpc-related pcb products, 1h23 yielding $296 million, representing the company ' s revenues of 2.002463.sz shares of electricity in 2022:
Authentication, mass delivery; 800g switch products start to be bulk supply, applied to the exchange of arithmetic networks
More than five times the size of the machine, with a high entry threshold, and the company ' s deep-deeping multi-story plates for many years, are expected to be accompanied by a sustained increase in the number of switchboard +ai server boards as required by the Centre ' s fast-track performance report for 2022.
Review: optimized product structure, 22 years of over-expected performance -- Automotive plates: progressive release of high-grade products. As new energy cars become more permeable and the auto industry \triangleright
4. An event review of the share of electricity (002463.sz): the control of the shares Electrification, the upgrading of intelligence and the continued growth of the need for pcb for vehicles.
The motor panels have gradually been upgraded to the higher end of multiple layers, upper hdi and higher integration, with the high end of the board, with the high end of the supply. 5. The power share (002463.sz) in the third quarter of 2022 was insufficient, the middle- and low-end excess features were highly competitive with the price of pcb for low- and medium-end cars.
The Division provides RMB 776 million in RMB to its subsidiary to produce new and emerging products such as Hdi, which is high-speed vehicles. 1h23’s mm wave radars account for the company’s share of new motor panels from 2022 to 2022. The investment proposal is that, as traditional data centre stocks are phased out, i’a’s demand will continue to grow up to enable the company to operate.
\triangleright studies methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.