q2 performance increased on a year-on-year basis, with the “ai+car” deep layout,  (002463) i servers and 800g switchboards exceeding expectations. 2023h1 corporate communications market camp
2.18 billion yuan, i.e. - 8.02 per cent, of which i-server and hpc-related pcb products account for business progress, companies certifying and bulking data centre servers and i-service products through foreign Internet companies, and pcie-based power acceleration cards/network acceleration cards already in yellowstone
Plant bulk production, 800g switch has started bulk delivery, motor panels are growing robust and high-end products are rising. 2023h1 car boards are operating at about $1.10 billion, an increase of approximately 23.48 per cent in the same year.
Automated driving aids and new and emerging carboard products such as smart seat-space controllers, ceramics, thick copper, etc. The market continues to grow, accounting for about 21.45 per cent of the company ' s motor-board operating income from 2022. It is expected to accelerate the technological optimization and transfer of the 800v high-pressure structure to promote adoption.
The commercialization of the products of p2pack technology, such as pure electric car-driven systems. Investment proposal: The power of the ai dynamic has turned out to be the tip of the iceberg, and the vehicle's deeper layout is driven by two wheels. Due to the higher pre-occupational expansion and the continuing weak demand, the pcb industry has been generally weakened in the first half of 2023.
Soft, in this context, even though the q2 node of scale of the business in the one concerned is not in place, the ability to pull on performance has been demonstrated, the profitability has improved significantly, in addition to revenue, and we continue to appreciate the growth value of the company as the core of the computing chain. In addition, the automobile business is well organized.
It's a good development, and it's expected to grow fast with a two-wheel-drive support company.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, which is in the direction of semiconductor equipment, semiconductor materials, integrated circuit design.
Accessed research experience. Entered Shanghai Microelectronic Equipment (SGEE) Inc. in September 2020, and was an engineer in the optical system. Joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group in December 2022. The study was directed to sophisticated electronic instruments, semiconductors.
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.