Improved performance ring ratio, ai server and hpc side share (002463.sz) rapid increase in income from pcb products
Pcb’s demand is relatively low, and corporate sales revenue continues to grow. In the first half of 2023, the pcb industry as a whole was in a relatively low state, and Prismark estimated that the world’s pcb in the first quarter of 2023 would win.
The company ' s pcb operations generated annual revenues of 3,582 million yuan, an increase of 1.42 per cent over the same year, a decline in demand for domestic sales products, a weakening of new orders, competition for low- and medium-end products, a decrease of 30.04 per cent over the previous six months, and external sales.
The share of ai server and hpc-related pcb products has increased rapidly. 2023h1 has certified the products of the data centre server and the ai server through important Internet companies abroad and has been delivered in bulk; pcie-based computing acceleration cards, web acceleration cards have been produced in bulk at the Yellowstone Factory;
The switch product component, 800g switch product, has already started to be delivered in bulk, and the required low-time, high load, bandwidth switch product has been certified by the sample; the semi-conductor eda simulation test, pcb, has already been delivered in bulk.
The revenue was 2,181 million yuan, a decline of 8.02 per cent over the same period, with the closure of the inventory of the one server and the hpc-related pcb industry, where demand is expected to recover and the one server and hpc-related pcb products will continue to grow strongly.
The product and output structure of the motor panel are continuously adjusted and optimized. The demand for car pcb shows a steady and positive trend, while the prices of the automobile industry are getting stronger, the prices of medium- and low-end cars are more competitive, and high-end products are still undersupplied.
In the first half of the year, the public sector collected 1,102 million yuan, an increase of 23.48 per cent over the previous six months.
The market for new and emerging carboard products, such as hdi autopilot aids and smart space controllers, ceramics and thick copper, has continued to grow, with a peak of revenues from company motorboard operations, masters in electronics and telecommunications engineering from Beijing Post and Telecommunications University, and bachelors in engineering from Gilling University.
In 2022, I joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute as the head of the e-team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.