Mid-2023: q2 season performance improvement, "ai+car" double-wheel drive
Keywords: #performance meets expectations # new products, new technologies, new clients  company ' s mid-2023 report 23h1 performance meets expectations and q2 one-quarter ring ratio improves. 23h1, company achieves $3.76 billion in revenue
Won (Yoy+0.7%), resulting in net profit of 490 million yuan (Yoy-7.7%); 23q2, the company achieved qoq+7.8 pct. 23 in the first half of the year, despite the pressure of demand on the pcb industry, the company's "ai+car" continued its two-wheel drive, achieving steady growth in the first half of the year and falling net profit for the mother.
The reason for this is mainly due to exchange-rate fluctuations, the decline in net financial income on a year-on-year basis, the improvement in the q2 seasons, the net return profit, and the Māori ratio. The fever in ipenai has led to a growing awareness among the public that the advancement of artificial intelligence has reached the “surreal point.”
At a time, the one model needs more arithmetic to manage the volume of data, to drive the data centre towards higher speed standards, and to generate a significant increase in demand for high-level hdi and high-frequency high-speed pcb. 23h1 server and Hpc-related pcb products account for 22 years of revenue from the company ' s communications board.
7.9 per cent to 13.6 per cent in the first half of 2023, the company approved and delivered bulk quantities of the products of the data centre servers and the ai server through the major Internet department abroad; the pcie-based arithmetic cards, network accelerators, were produced in bulk at the Yellowstone Factory; and in the exchange of machine products,
800g switch products have started to be delivered in bulk. The company’s product layout has been expanded and added to the arithmetic drive, and, according to the Centre’s upgrade-driven demand, the company’s circuit board business has achieved a full price increase.
The system's capacity has continued to rise, leading to a significant increase in the use and value of circuit boards. In the first half of 2023, the company used its own funds to boost the power supply to the Quill by about 776 million yuan to expand the capacity of the gas, high-grade hdi, and in May 2023, it completed the acquisition of the holdings to promote the p2pack technology.
Quarterly review: Performance meets expectations, ai+breath commercialization site. Corporate motor board business is constantly increasing research and development inputs, optimizing product and output structures, millimetre-wave radar and emerging product markets such as the use of high-level Hdi smart-space controllers.
Growth, coupled with increased productivity, is expected to lead to rapid growth in motor panel operations.
The long-curve automobile board business fully benefits from car electricization, intelligence, network connectivity, and we're downgraded by the fact that it has a short-term impact on performance and is affected by exchange rate fluctuations.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.