U.S. real estate cycle upwards, or continues to catalyze the growth of mdi demand.
Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) .. US real estate market has re-emerged and is expected to drive mdi demand growth.
In conjunction with the US mortgage rate and the Harrison model, we assume that the current round of US real estate is in a fast-tracking phase, with a boom in house sales, which we believe will directly and indirectly stimulate the demand for building warmer materials and refrigerator freezers on the market, thus driving 1.4% of global mdi consumption marginal growth.
Or, with force majeure and so on, we're firmly convinced that the whole world's giant is or will be well served. We're going up and over the last real-estate cycle in the United States, and real-estate upswings are contributing significantly to mdi consumption. According to the Harrison Model, the period 1992-2005 was a 14-year period for real estate in the United States.
The annual increase in the use of mdi in construction in the United States is largely in line with the increase in private housing in the United States, so we think that the increase in the size of new construction in the United States will be accompanied by a significant boost in mdi consumption. We compare the sales of new United States houses with the output of refrigerators, and we can see that the refrigerators are coming out after 2010.
The rate of increase in volume and new house sales is roughly the same as the rate of 20.3% in 2012, corresponding to a 7.9% increase in refrigerator output in 2013 or a one-year lag. We believe that the housing boom is the current real estate cycle in the United States, with mdi supply or storage variables that support mdi demand and prices.
United States real estate has gone through a 10-year upward cycle since 2011 and is expected to continue to sustain 12 demand growth, with 28,000 tons of refrigerator freezer mdi demand, driving a total of 128,000 tons of demand, and long-term interest in the company becoming a global industrial giant.
The price of mdi will be strongly supported by the megachemistry as a global mdi giant or will benefit from it.
Good for you to see long-term growth in the company - Plural Development Help Starts a New Scroll - 1 - mdi downstream demand comes mainly from building heating materials and refrigerators for white power.
1.1 74% of mdi consumption worldwide comes from China, Western Europe and the United States. Polyurethane (pu) is a new material invented by German scientist o.bayer in the 1930s. Polyurethane refers to a molecular structure containing aminomethylate (-hh-coo-) esters.
Polymers, which are generally reflected in polyols of isocyanate and polyether, are currently dominated by mdi and tdi. Mdi is mostly used in the manufacture of polyurethane hard bubbles and tdi in the production of polyurethane soft bubbles and case systems. Polyurethane materials are multi-purpose synthetic resins of a variety of products, which are foams, elastics, paints, etc.
Glues, synthetic tans, etc., are widely used in domestic electricity, transport, construction, textile clothing collars. As polyurethane chemical research, production manufacturing and applications advances and applications expand, polyurethane becomes a secondary polyethylene (pe), polypropylene (pp), polyvinylene (pvc), polystyrene (ps),
According to ihs data, China, Western Europe and the United States were the main consumer countries and geographical areas of mdi in 2017, with combined consumption of three persons accounting for 74% of total global consumption. China was the largest consumer of mdi.
Global consumption of mdi amounted to 6.168 million tons per year, an average annual compound increase of about 5%. Of this, China ' s consumption of mdi was the world ' s leading, with China ' s apparent consumption of 7.16 million tons in 2007, rising to 205.2 tons in 2017, and the United States ' annual consumption of mdi at an average compound increase of 3.9% per year.
1.2. In China and the United States, construction heating materials and refrigerator freezers are two of the most important uses of mdi consumption mdi end-uses, including construction, appliances, automobiles, clothing, etc., where polymer mdi is used mainly for polyurethane hard bubbles, for refrigerator refrigeration, construction, etc.; pure mdi is used mainly for production
Polyurethane syrup, soles, etc. applications include synthetic leather, ammonia, shoe making, etc. In the US market, the consumption of building-temperature materials and refrigerator refrigeration accounted for 43.3% of US mdi ' s total consumption in 2018 and, according to ihs, construction-based mdi consumption accounted for 35.1% of U.S. mdi ' s consumption structure and was the largest of mdi ' s consumption in 2018.
Consumption area; followed by adhesives and fillings, 20.7 per cent; consumption ranked third in plasticized polyurethane bubbles, 10.2 per cent. Tdi is generally the main raw material for polyurethane bubbles, but growth in polyurethane bubbles using polymer mdi as a raw material has also been significant in recent years in the United States market.
Bed and household markets, such as polyurethane memory sponges; fourth place in consumption is refrigerator refrigeration, which accounts for 8.2 per cent of the country ' s consumption of mdi, which accounts for 44.1 per cent of its total mdi consumption of refrigerator freezers and construction heating materials, while the consumption structure of mdi differs considerably from that of the United States. China is a major powerhouse, with China in 2019.
The industries with the largest consumption of mdi downstream are white domestic electricity, dominated by refrigerator freezers, which account for up to 43 per cent; second, construction-related 20 per cent; third and fourth cars and glues, which account for 13 per cent and 9 per cent, respectively. Therefore, we believe that an increase in downstream demand from building-temperature materials and white household electricity will sell mdi as a whole.
The global refrigerator freezer industry has fully entered the “China era.” In early 2018, the world’s leading market research agency, Ernst International, released its 2017 report on retail sales of large domestic appliances.
The annual global refrigerators top3 were Hale, lg and Samsung, of which the Heir refrigerators ranked first in the world at 17.3 per cent of the market share; and the global freezer top3 in 2017 was Hale, Meri and Hyerepo, where Heir led the second and more than three times the sum of the last four, leading the global refrigerator freezer industry into the “China era”.
On January 25, 2021, Ernst International again released the latest data for 2020, showing that Hale's refrigerator brand is once again ranked first in the world. This is the top retail number of Heir's refrigerator brands for 13 years, the cooler for 10 years.
Figure 3: The largest consumption of mdi in the United States in 2018 was in the construction industry 1.3. Building cryogenic materials: polyurethane (PUR) was excellent in its properties and policy contributed to the spread of the United States market
Thanks to a multi-pronged policy and environmental bill, the United States managed to promote energy efficiency in its buildings. In the 1960s, the United States, aware of the importance of green buildings, introduced a number of policies and regulations to reduce energy consumption, including minimum building consumption standards, tax breaks for green energy-efficient buildings, and support for green energy-efficient building materials.
In 1992, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the United States Department of Energy (DOE) jointly launched the Energy Star Housing Programme, which aims to build new and more energy-efficient housing, which requires manufacturers to submit the results of tests produced by qualified laboratories to ensure the production of building materials through environmental certification of building materials, housing, etc.
The US Clean Energy Security Act, adopted on 26 June 2009, further requires energy conservation in buildings, and explicitly increases energy efficiency in new homes and commercial buildings to 30-50%.
Polyurethane has excellent heat security compared to other heat-resistance materials. In the United States, it is a good development opportunity for polyurethane-resistance materials in the larger context of energy conservation in buildings. Polyurethane-resilient heat system around 0.025w/(m.k), which is nearly 1/2 lower than polystyrene, which is the current industrial heat-restriction factor.
Small materials, which means that the use of polyurethane materials can reduce the thickness of the outer walls and increase the housing area. Similarly, polyurethane materials can be better protected at the same thickness as polyurethane materials.
As a result of its superior performance, polyurethane fences, warm materials are widely promoted in United States buildings, and the increase in the consumption of mdi is also associated with high levels of real estate development in the United States. After the 2008 financial crisis, real estate in the United States fell to a low level, and new private construction in the United States began in 2009.
A 39 per cent decline in the same year in residential housing, while the increase in construction mdi consumption has reached its lowest level since 2000, at 29.8 per cent, and since 2010, real estate in the United States has gradually emerged from the dark, recovering, using mdi for consumption 1.4, refrigerators: refrigerator freezers use mainly polyurethane materials, creating a stable demand for mdi.
Due to excellent thermal insulation, lower processing difficulties, pu hard bubbles are more applied in refrigerators and freezers. Except for low heat conductivity, pu hard bubbles can be pumped or sprayed to form a whole between the shell and the inside liner of the refrigerator. Moreover, if the heat security materials are not evenly distributed, the thinner areas of the heat security materials are as a result of thermal insulation.
Weaknesses are used as a bridge to pass external temperatures, a phenomenon called the “heat bridge effect” that can easily become a homogeneous whole when puncture materials are pumped, avoiding local disharmony of materials and effectively avoiding the “hot bridge” effect. If the heat preservation material works well, it can reduce large amounts of energy waste and act as a energy-saving ring during refrigerator use.
In the US mdi consumption structure, refrigerator freezers account for 8.2% of total consumption and are the fourth largest application of mdi. In the US, refrigerator penetration is already high. According to the advisory body, statesta, as of 2020, refrigerator penetration in the US had reached 89%, which is second only to that of major household appliances.
Microwave stoves, which are part of a more mature stock market. Figure 9: Refrigerator prevalence in United States households has reached 89 per cent.
Household refrigerators have a useful life of 10-18 years, with an average useful life of 14 years. The condensed refrigerators have a useful life of 4-12 years, with an average useful life of 8 years.
2. Upgrading of existing refrigerators: In the already relatively saturated refrigerators market, differentiation, intelligence have become the focus of the development of power companies. The future of smart refrigerators, which also serve as a market for refrigerators, benefits from trends in product intelligence, increased consumer purchasing power, and rising demand for food security.
In 2018, the North American market accounted for the largest share of the global smart refrigerator market. The higher income levels in North America, and the larger population base, set the basis for the expansion of smart refrigerators.
For the future, it is expected to grow at an average annual compound growth rate of 13.1 per cent, with the global smart refrigerator market expected to reach $6.2 billion by 2026.
Household electricity products, including refrigerators. In addition to maintaining a percentage of households using home-based electricity, some households will buy new home-based electricity. Thus, the housing market will have a favourable impact on driving the home-based electricity market to retrace the last real-estate cycle in the United States: the estate upboard consumes mdi in the United States.
The “Harrison model” applies to the last real estate cycle in the United States (1992-2009). The real estate economy shows some cyclical fluctuations as a result of a combination of macroeconomic developments, demographic changes, fiscal policies, politics, etc.
Fred Harrison's “Harrison Model.” The model argues that the complete real estate cycle has lasted for about 18 years since the second industrial revolution, with the upper cycle of the real estate market going for seven years, and that it may be followed by a short-term decline and then five years of rapid rise, followed by a two-year period of madness and, finally, a calendar.
Between 2009 and 2009, new house sales and house price indices in the United States showed a sharp change in the cycle: in 1992 to the right, new house sales increased, and new house sales increased steadily in 1992-1998 for about seven years and peaked in 2005; after 2005, the real estate market in the United States went down and house sales fell.
We can review the impact of the real estate cycle on mdi’s demand. 2.1. The rise in the real estate landscape in the United States stimulates the growth of demand for building warm materials, thus driving mdi’s demand for warmer materials.
The real estate landscape is positively related to mdi demand. There are simple and straightforward transmission mechanisms between the real estate and mdi markets: real estate is moving up, housing demand is rising, the number of new houses is growing, and demand for thermostatic materials, including polyurethane, is increasing; and the increase in housing sales is accompanied by a simultaneous increase in demand.
The increased purchasing power of the refrigerator freezer will also contribute significantly to upstream consumption of mdi. By 2017, in the area of building heat protection materials in the United States, foam applications were 43%, almost occupying half of the market for building heat protection materials in the United States, while polyurethane foam was in construction to keep foams warm as early as 2014.
With a market share of about 50% and a styrene foam ratio of 22%, we expect that the penetration of PUR foams will continue to rise from 2014 to the present. Given the excellent heat and cyclic properties of PUR materials, PUR is expected to maintain its market share in the field of building heat materials in the United States for a longer period of time.
With ihs and U.S. Department of Commerce data, we can see that the rate of increase in US construction mdi consumption between 2000 and 2018 is largely in line with the rate of growth in US newly opened private homes, so we believe that the increase in the size of new construction in the U.S. will be accompanied by a significant increase in mdi consumption.
With a clearer transmission mechanism and less resistance to the intermediate link, we believe that an upturn in the real estate landscape would have a better driving effect on the application of mdi to building temperature preservation materials. Figure 16: Construction mdi demand has a direct impact on the total mdi demand
2.2 The strong sale of homes in the United States has helped to drive the demand for refrigerator freezers up, and the demand for refrigerator freezers in the market has also been positively affected by the strong sale of houses. Most of the freezer freezer cooling materials use polyurethane materials, and mdi consumption for refrigerator freezers accounts for 8.2% of the total consumption of mdi in the United States.
The refrigerator freezer market in the United States is a more stable stock market, where the replacement of refrigerator freezers by stock users will lead to a partial increase in sales. As refrigerator freezers reach 89% of households in the United States, there is relatively little room for further improvement, except for the stock market.
The new demand for refrigerator freezers will come mainly from consumers’ demand for new properties. A comparison of new US house sales and refrigerator sales shows a certain correlation between refrigerator sales and new house sales.
Home sales fell by 37.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, touching historical ice points, while refrigerators fell by 10.5 per cent and 9.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, respectively, after 2008, new home sales in the United States continued to grow, adding to the many energy-efficient home power subsidy policies introduced in the United States, and in 2010 the volume of refrigerators in the United States increased significantly, reaching the same rate.
11.5%. In early 2009, the US Recovery and Reinvestment Bill 2009, introduced by the United States Congress in response to the recession, entered into force and included the Energy Efficient Power Subsidy Program (statenergynicientation Program, i.e., Seearp). The subsidy policy is that the federal government allocates $300 million to the state governments of the United States.
US$, used to subsidize the purchase of energy-efficient certified home appliances. Benefiting from the stimulus of the energy-efficient appliances subsidy scheme, the freezer market in the refrigerator was significantly restored in 2010 after three consecutive years of recession. After 2010, refrigerators grew in volume and new residential sales grew in size, with new ones in 2012.
Home sales increased by 20.3 per cent in the same year, and the corresponding refrigerators grew by 7.9 per cent in 2013, with about a one-year delay in the rate of new house sales. Thus, we believe that an increase in the housing landscape could be passed to the consumption of ice box freezers, eventually triggering an increase in upstream mdi demand.
History shows that the high volume of housing sales in the current round of the United States real estate cycle and in 2020 is expected to drive the growth of mdi demand by 3.1, the re-entry of United States real estate into the upper cycle and the re-emergence of the demand for building warm materials.
Starting in 2011, the US real estate market is back in the upper cycle. As a result of the subprime mortgage crisis in 2007, the US fiscal policy has released liquidity to the market, mortgage interest rates have continued to run low, lowering the cost of loans for home purchases, stimulating demand for housing, and leading to a return to the real estate market.
According to the United States Department of Commerce, between 2011 and 2020, the annual compound growth rate of new house sales in the United States was 11.44%, and second-hand house sales were close to the trend of the new house.
In 2020, the US mortgage rate continued to be at an all-time low, providing a strong stimulus to home sales. According to Freddiemac, as of 4 February 2021, mortgage rates were fixed for 15- and 30-year mortgages.
2.21% and 2.73%, respectively, have reached their lowest levels in history. Despite the slowdown in economic growth in the United States as a result of the new crown epidemic, the United States real estate market has re-emerged in the last six months, and sales of new and second-hand houses have increased rapidly.
It hit the bottom in April and May, with a strong rebound in May and June. According to the United States Department of Commerce, sales of new houses peaked in July 2020 at a 48.1% increase in the same year, and the rate of increase has declined since then, but as of December 2020, the rate of growth was 15.18%; and, according to the National Association of Property Brokers, second-hand houses were sold.
By October 2020, it peaked at 26.8 per cent, and by December it remained stable at 22 per cent to the left, and we used the Harrison model mentioned earlier to surmise that the upswing in real estate in the United States was expected to continue for about a further year, in which the upswing in the real estate market would last for seven years, with a possible short-term decline after that.
After five years of rapid rise, it will be two years of madness, and finally around four years of collapse. The last US real-estate cycle started around 1992 and completed a full cycle of production or will be in a state of madness around 2009.
Over the next three years, the demand for mdi is expected to continue to grow upwards in the building heat industry. 3.2. The US housing boom and the epidemic together stimulate refrigerator freezer consumption and further stimulate demand for mdi.
According to industrial online data, in February 2020, when drying was affected by the epidemic and factories were restricted, the total volume of refrigerators sold in the country was relatively low, accounting for 2.727 million refrigerators and 10.53 million refrigerators, respectively, representing a decrease of 35.4% and 27.3%, respectively, in March 2020.
In April, the volume of refrigerators and freezers has risen to 6,588,000, returning largely to the same level in 2019; in April, the volume of freezers rebounded to 2,914,000 tons, a 16 per cent increase over the previous year, mainly because of the initial control of the domestic epidemic in April 2020, and the gradual recovery of purchasing and logistics channels.
The accumulated purchase demand from January to March was released in April; secondly, the weather temperature rose gradually after entering April, and the traditional sale of refrigerator freezers took place from April to September of each year, with seasonal factors contributing to the sale of refrigerator freezers. According to industry online data, the total number of refrigerators sold in 2020 was 84.47 million, an increase of 8.94 per cent, compared with 8.94 per cent in the freezer.
Total sales amounted to 37.201 million, an increase of 39.75 per cent over the same period.
At the end of the export, the rise in the housing landscape and the need to store food during the epidemic have created a growth dynamic in the refrigerator freezer market. According to industry online, the number of refrigerators exported in 2020 was 41.773 million, compared to the increase in refrigerators sold and the increase in refrigerators exported since the same date.
There is a high degree of consistency in the increase in the volume. By calculating the correlation, the increase in the volume of refrigerator sales was 0.982, and the increase in the volume of refrigerators was 0.999. So, in our view, the main reason for the increase in the volume of refrigerators in 2020 was the high demand overseas.
The main reasons for the heat in the foreign refrigerator freezer market are the following: (i) the strong recovery in real estate in the United States, the continued high level of innovation in the sale of new and second-hand houses, and the good stimulation of demand for buildings, household electricity, etc.; and (ii) a certain shift in the way of life of the inhabitants of the country during the epidemic, which has led to the creation of a habit of homekeeping and food storage.
The demand for refrigerator-driven freezers has increased significantly. Figure 26: Export of refrigerators increased by 22.3 per cent in 2020 and figure 27: export of freezers by 52.6 per cent in 2020
Global mdi supply change: Van Hwa Chemical later became mdi global leader 4.1, last round of real estate supply (1992-2009): global mdi capacity 2005
From 2000 to 2006, United States premises were in the upper cycle, house prices continued to rise, new house openings and house sales remained strong, and United States houses continued to grow.
The city went through two years of madness in 2004-2005, with house price indexes and house sales peaking in 2005. And global mdi capacity, which was accompanied by a boom in real estate in the United States, continued to grow rapidly from 2000 to 2006.
In 2005, with the peak of real estate in the United States, new production capacity in the world of mdi was concentrated, with an increase of 770,000 tons, or 23 per cent in the same year. The larger new capacity in 2005 included the expansion of 20,000 tons of chemical smoke stations and 160,000 tons of chemical Ningbo plants per year.
From 2000 to 2006, the world-wide mdi production capacity continued to expand and concentrated in 2005, mainly because of the United States of America after 1995.
Real estate has moved into the upper cycle, and our refrigerator freezer industry is in a state of rapid development, with the boom in the mdi downstream applications driving demand upwards, accelerating the expansion of industrial capacity. Between 2007 and 2009, the US subprime mortgage crisis erupted and triggered a chain reaction that led to a global economic downturn, and the macroeconomic environment was depressed.
The global increase in mdi production has not caused any drag on mdi prices due to the surge in mdi supply end in 2005, which, according to ihs data, was driven by strong demand in the United States and increased mdi prices.
The price was approximately $2750 per ton, an increase of 16.0 per cent over the same period; the price of the Western European polymer mdi was approximately $2990/ 2005 and the central release of the supply end did not bring down the price of the mdi, but rather increased significantly, owing to a sharp rise in the price of the mdi as a result of the rapid downstream digestion of the new production capacity of the concentrated output.
At the same time, it can be observed that Chinese mdi prices were significantly higher than those in the United States and Western Europe between 2005 and 2009 in terms of aggregate mdi prices in all regions of the world. In 2007, for example, Chinese mdi prices were 24% and 28% higher, respectively, than in the United States and Western Europe.
Downstream applications are developing at a rapid pace, with high demand for mdi, domestic production not yet self-sufficient, heavy dependence on imported mdi, overseas giants with strong market prices for Chinese mdi, 4.2. The supply of real estate in the current cycle is: Manchurian chemistry later, global leader in production, overseas.
The device is a supply-end variable 4.2.1, with a second peak in production of the global mdi device in 2014 at a concentration of the Mandarin Censorship station and Ningpo base.
As early as 2002, Mandarin chemistry successfully developed a full-process production facility for mdi with autonomous intellectual property rights, making us the fifth country with large-scale mdi production technology after the United States, Germany, the United Kingdom and Japan, and the successful release of tons of mdi production capacity, marking the official breakthrough of the key technology for mdi production in my country, mdi.
The industry began to rise. In 2005 - 2015, the mills of the chemical Ningbo plant and the smoke station became fully operational, with a significant increase in mdi production capacity. In 2010, the second phase of the “300,000 tonnes/year mdi project” was built in Ningbo, with the successful commissioning of 400,000 tonnes of chemical smoke station and 300,000 tonnes of smoke station installations in Ningbo.
The world ' s mdi production has reached its second modest peak, with growth of 14 per cent over the same year; and the wand chemical mdi production has reached 1.8 million tons (not including bc, which was not listed at the time), representing 24 per cent of the world ' s total capacity, and the industry has been able to produce tons of mdi, which is in the position of global leader.
By the end of 2020, the world’s mdi produced about 9.24 million tons per year, or 91%, of the total. In the middle, the world’s most powerful chemical industry, which currently has 2.1 million tons per year, is 23% of the world’s total capacity, Bassov accounts for 19%, Kossi for 19%, Hensmaï for 15%, and Tao for 15%.
According to the expansion plans announced by the major companies, it is expected that in 2021-2025, Manchuria, Kostov and Basf will have additional capacity of 1.3 million tons, 460,000 tons, and 300,000 tons, respectively. Of this amount, the Manchurian chemical smoke station will have an additional 500,000 tons, the Ningbo base will have an additional 300,000 tons, the bc company will have an additional 100,000 tons, and the Fujian base will have an additional 400,000 tons.
In addition, the Xinjiang and Mountain mega-plans of 400,000 tons of new mdi capacity have not yet been substantially advanced, and the time of production is still to be determined. Even with optimistic assumptions that more than 2.66 million tons of new capacity will be released before 2025, the global mdi capacity will reach 11.9 million tons, and Cr5 is still expected to reach 88%.
Around the world, the mdi industry will continue to maintain oligopolistic patterns over the next five years.
To date, 2.34 million tons of overseas mdi devices are expected to be in variants in the first half of 2021. According to Sumi and Kiwakawa, a total of 2.34 million tons of repair and force majeure mdi devices exist in overseas areas, including 340,000 tons of pre-hurricane damage, 340,000 tons of United States Tows and 330,000 tons of United States Coss.
The device has been experiencing force majeure since October 2020, with Coth creating force majeure in the United States or continuing until mid-2021; the delay in rebooting the 400,000-ton chemical sadara plant due to malfunction is pending; and the planned overhaul of the 470,000-mdi plant in Fort Roe, the Netherlands, began in March, and is expected to be completed in April.
Months; according to 2 February, the 400,000-ton device of the Japanese Dong Cao Cao was affected by the failure of the amphetamine device, the oligopoly pattern of the maternal fluid mdi industry was stable, the real estate cycle in the United States was up, or would directly and indirectly drive around 1.4 per cent of the global mdi demand marginal increase.
US mortgage interest rates are still at historically low levels, real-estate markets are buoyant, and house sales are rising. In the first half of 2020, the new crown outbreak has had a more negative impact on global economic development, stimulating it.
The economy is warming, the United States may continue to maintain relatively liberal monetary policies, and mortgage rates are expected to remain low. Moreover, in conjunction with the Harrison model, the current round of the United States real estate cycle is still at a fast upward stage, with construction of new private homes rising steadily to date in 2011, and new private homes in the United States that were already under construction as of December 2020.
As a result, we believe that real estate in the United States is at an upswing stage in the current cycle, and that it will continue to be high, directly pulling demand from the market for building warm materials. Domestic electricity products, such as refrigerators, freezers, etc., are part of the post-real estate chain, and the real estate market is just the same for refrigerator freezers.
China is a major power producer and exporter of electricity, and the share of refrigerators exported is rising year by year. According to industry online, exports of refrigerators accounted for 49.45% of total sales and 65.41% of total sales as of 2020. Europe, by continent, is China’s largest refrigerator export market, accounting for China’s total exports of refrigerators.
38.30 per cent; while the United States is the world ' s largest importer of refrigerators, the total number of refrigerators exported to the United States in 2019 accounted for 14.5 per cent of total exports worldwide. Moreover, according to industry online, the increase in our refrigerator exports in 2020 accounted for 65.49 per cent of total refrigerator sales and the increase in freezer exports accounted for an increase in total freezer sales.
90.83 per cent, and therefore, the strong increase in refrigerator freezer export orders in 2020 was the main reason for the significant increase in refrigerator freezer sales.In the medium and long term, the need for food storage, which would otherwise have been triggered by the epidemic, will be reduced as the vaccine is phased out, but it is high in the real estate market in the United States or will continue to stimulate the consumption of refrigerator freezers in the post-real estate chain.
As a result of the upswing drive, there is a strong growth dynamic. Figure 39: In 2019, the United States was the first country to import our refrigerators. Figure 38: The share of our refrigerator freezer exports has risen year by year in recent years.
In the stable pattern of the preponderant monopoly, the Mandarin chemical possession of supply-side initiatives is expected to benefit fully from the current mdi landscape. To date, multiple mdi devices overseas have had force majeure factors or plans to conduct repairs in the first half of 2021, involving 2.34 million tons of capacity, or 23.66% of the current global total.
High, yet nearly a quarter of the world’s production capacity has potential for force majeure and overhaul, and tight supply levels are expected to support mdi prices. The mdi production units of the Hulk chemistry are running smoothly and have a stronger scale and cost advantage than overseas installations. In addition, the Mandarin chemical smoke station, Ningbo, bc and others.
Fujian base has an expansion plan, and the price-fixing voice will be further enhanced when the pending capacity is released. In the context of a strong mdi demand, supply end, or storage variable, HDW, as the global mdi giant, is expected to benefit fully from the next round of the U.S. estate upstream. In 2020, polymer mdi prices hit the bottom in April and benefited from downstream.
Demand recovery and multiple mdi sets in the U.S. as a result of the hurricane, the price of the polymer mdi was hit by force majeure, with a price of $19,450 per ton and a 29% split between historical price zones, showing a low-season pattern. Together with the demand and supply side, we look at mdi after the spring festival or the "Golden Treasure Four" scenario, mdi prices.
According to ihs, global mdi consumption in 2017 was 6.168 million tonnes, and combined growth in 2000-2017 is expected to reach 71.402 tonnes. According to ihs, US mdi consumption is about 20% of global mdi consumption, so we expect US mdi consumption to be 1,42.8 million tonnes in 2020.
In December 2020, 1,336 thousand permits were granted for the start-up of new houses, an increase of 11.33 per cent over November, and we believe that the real growth in the start-up of new houses in 2021 will continue at a high rate, assuming a 7 per cent increase in the start-up of new houses in 2021, taking into account data from the United States Department of Commerce.
The US mdi consumption structure remains unchanged, with 50.06 million tons of construction in 2020. By comparing the growth rate of construction and construction consumption of mdi in previous years, we can estimate that in the four years 2003, 2004, 2010 and 2014 new houses will need to be built in the United States in 2021.
A large proportion of refrigerator freezers sold in the United States are imported from overseas, and China is a major power producer. According to online production data, the export of refrigerator freezers to the United States accounted for 55 per cent of total production in 2020, while refrigerators exported to the United States accounted for about 11 per cent of total production. According to ihs, the consumption of refrigerator freezers by mdi is 8.16 per cent, assuming the United States.
The country’s mdi consumption structure remains unchanged, with the total amount of mdi consumed by refrigerator freezers produced in the United States in 2020 amounting to 116.5 million tons.ihs data show that US mdi consumption increased at an average annual compound rate of 7.1 per cent in 2012-2017, assuming an 8 per cent increase in refrigerator freezer consumption in 2021 when the United States real estate cycle led to a recovery in the post-real estate chain.
In the United States, domestic refrigerator freezers will increase mdi consumption by 0.93 million tons. According to the Hoshikawa Mobil data, China ' s consumption of mdi amounted to 198.35 million tons in 2020, assuming that our consumption of mdi increased by 10 per cent in 2021, close to the average annual compound increase of the last 10 years, and China ' s consumption of mdi in 2021.
According to industry online, about 54% of our refrigerator freezers were exported in 2020, and about 56% of our refrigerator freezers were exported each year, of which 21% were exported to the United States.
In 2021, China’s consumption of mdi from refrigerator freezers exported to the United States increased by 18.2 million tons. So, we can measure that consumption of mdi from construction and refrigerator freezers increased by 12.7 million tons in 2021 as a result of the upturn in real estate in the United States, accounting for 1.4 per cent of total global capacity.
We have made the following assumptions about profit projections: polyurethane series: 2021, benefiting from better downstream demand, with full annual release of the main product mdi. Crude oil prices are warming, downstream chemical demand is recovering, petrochemicals are recovering.
The plate performance will be repaired by 2020, with fine chemicals and new materials series: 2021-2022, where we assume that the company pc, pmma, chemical and new materials operations maintain a high growth rate of 29.68 per cent and 24.47 per cent, respectively.
We see that wandochemistry, as the leader of the mdi industry, has a very high technical barrier and a strong industrial chain of integration, which will benefit fully in the next round of the U.S. estates. At the same time, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, and new material plates will further improve the polyurethane chain, and we firmly see that wando chemistry goes to global integrated chemicals.