Mdi-Empowerment City coverage, high price maintenance - HDSR report (600309) Economic recovery at home and overseas and price increase of mdi
In 2020, the intensification of the epidemic in Europe and the United States led to home-based work, a rapid increase in the demand for freezers in suburbial polyurethane refrigerators, and a significant increase in mdi prices as equipment was added to the combined effect of overseas force majeure, such as hurricanes in the United States. In 2021, domestic and overseas economies recovered, commodity prices generally rose, and construction, gas, etc.
The demand for cars, ammonia, etc. is rising, and the price of mdi is continuing. In the near future, Oec continues, the oil price hub is expected to rise to $75.
Downstream demand will grow as the economy recovers, and the price differentials for corporate products will remain high. Oil prices have led to large trend changes in mdi prices, which are generally reflected in upward trends in oil prices, such as Mdi prices in 2008, 2013 and 2018, where oil prices are above $60.
In February 2021, the company completed the mdi installation of the smoke station industrial park from 600,000 tons to the end of the year.
Construction of new materials projects gives companies growth 4-5% of their sales revenue per year to R & D, reaching $1.7 billion in 2019. Continued high R & D spending gives companies a higher growth rate.
The second phase (100,000 tonnes/yearbdo, 60,000 tonnes/year degradable plastics pbat, vitamins, 10,000 tonnes/year lithium batteries) has been published in the EG last year. Degradable plastics, vitamins, and trio-grade materials have a larger future market space, giving companies a higher growth potential.
For the first time, it covers the "upgrade" rating.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
China Sea International Centre, No. 177 (b) Huanhua Chemical Group Inc. (Wanhua Chemistry, hereinafter referred to as “the Corporation”), is the largest listed company in recent years among domestic chemical industries, the world's largest supplier of mdi, a domestic market.
The company has three main production bases in the country: smoke stations, Ningbo, Pearl Sea, and bc overseas in Hungary, and was established in 1998 to cover three main industrial clusters: mdi, tdi, polyether polyol, etc.
In January 2001, the company was listed on the main board (stock code 600309.sh) for more than 20 years.
In addition, the company has developed into 57 fully-owned subsidiaries (Mulcan petrochemicals, Manchurian energy, Huanhua environmental technology, Huanhuaculants, smoker new materials, borsodchemzrt., etc.) and 13 holding companies (Smoking station PUR, Smoking station chlor-alkali heat power, Wilson trade, Smoking Power, Smoking Power, etc.)
The company was identified as the National Enterprise Technology Centre, the first innovative enterprise in the country. It was awarded the First Award for Scientific and Technological Progress of the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation, the Unity Technology Innovation Award, the National Science and Technology Progress First Award, and the Ten High Technology Enterprises in Shandong Province.
Table 1: Corporate development journey Investment Holding Group Limited, with a shareholding rate of 21.59%.
The company’s main business consists of three main categories: polyurethane, petrochemicals, and fine chemicals and new materials.
Cars/transports, buildings, paints, sealed glues, glues, textile shoes, home life, home and personal care, sports and recreation, etc. Polyurethane is the company ' s core business block, and the polyurethane industry, as a percentage of operating income in 2019.
The petrochemical and new materials business is the company’s fastest growing plate in the recent past, and the division continues to deepen the integration of polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, and new materials into the industrial chain. Domestic business revenue grew from 2015 to 2018 at an annual rate of 25% compound growth, due to polyurethane, stone, etc.
The fall in the price of chemical products, a slight decline in corporate domestic operating income in 2019 and a decline in the Māori rate, has remained at over 30 per cent, and in recent years there has been a rapid increase in corporate operating income abroad, reaching $30.1 billion in 2019 and a compound increase in almost five years.
Quick as 38.7%; Māori in companies ' overseas operations has remained at 20% for almost two years, due to low Māori trade predominantly abroad. Māori in PUR operations has the highest Māori rate in terms of Māori, with PUR product prices falling for nearly three years.
The Māori rate is on a downward trend, but it is still over 40%; the Māori rate for corporate petrochemical products is relatively low, with the company ' s traditional polyurethane business accounting for the highest and Māori accounting for 75% of the company ' s Māori business in 2019.
In the medium term, there is much room for long-term development, and the Māori rate is expected to continue. The petrochemical plate is a corporate development-oriented domain with a low Māori rate due to the inclusion of the lpg trade business, but the company focuses on the development of the plate, and revenue from the industry and Māori share is expected to rise in the long term.
Polyurethane (PUR) is an emerging organic high molecular material known as the "fifth-largest plastic". PUR is widely used in life due to such excellent functions as grinding, high mechanical strength, high elasticity, age resistance, corrosion resistance, etc. Polyurethane abroad is used mainly for building heat preservation materials, followed by injection of plastics, refrigerator cooling, magma and shoes.
The main use of polyurethane in the country is for refrigerator refrigeration, followed by construction. The import of polyurethane is also used in cars, elastomers, sealants, etc.
Over 80 per cent of the year has been marked by a similar trend in the growth of domestic exports over the past five years, and figure 10: domestic production of mdi capacity and start-up rates per ton/month, while imports show a downward trend.
According to Chinese industry statistics, China produced 1,366 million tons of polyurethane in 2019, accounting for about 45 per cent of total global production capacity. China consumed 11,850,000 tons of polyurethane in 2019. In 2008-2018, the domestic polyurethane company polyurethane business consisted of two parts, iCyanate and polyether polyol.
In the two categories, the global market demand for mdi was about 7.4 million tons in 2019, and in the Chinese market, the market share of the company. Polyurethane was the company ' s main operating block, with the largest share of operating income, with a compound increase of 20 per cent in the last three years and a Māori rate of over 40 per cent in the last five years.
As of March 2021, the company mdi project had a capacity of 2.1 million tonnes/year; a 300,000 tonnes/year tdi installation was in operation and 100% of the share of Chematurtechnologiesab was completed