Looking back at the last 20 years, looking forward to the next 20 years, investment rating: buying (maintaining) wanhua chemistry was one of the first listed companies in the 21st century, and the 20-carrying forward has become a comparison.
Over the last 20 years, We all experienced three leaps in chemistry: the first, between 2001 and 2009, was an increase in the global market for We all mdi products from 2.3 per cent to 9 per cent, and a breakthrough in overseas technology monopolies, accompanied by the rapid rise of domestic markets; and the second, between 2010 and 2015, we all produced mdi.
The global market rises to 25%, opening the way for autonomous innovation and global leadership, and building a million miles of technology through innovation, acquisition, and equity. Market voice is further enhanced through energy expansion and mitigation efficiency. Markets are constantly breaking through through the development of new applications.
Corporate prices compared to the depth of 300, and the ceiling paved the way for the lead. Meanwhile, in the polyurethane sector, Mandu continued to supplement and consolidate market advantages such as tdi, polyether polyol (including polyethers), and adi, working with mdi to build competitive advantages.
Gradually, from a simple product supplier to a solution supplier of a product-plus service; laying the foundation in the petrochemical field, laying the pdh and Davinyl phase of the basic raw material chain, building new materials, cost-side advantages, building up the vehicle ' s large strategic material base, synergizing polyurethane, saturated and thin.
In the field of new materials, Manhua is a high-level talent in China's chemical industry, making full use of its talent under excellent management systems and forward-looking research and development, creating an inflexible system of systemic innovation and efficient service delivery, and taking a global hit.
In the future, we understand that there are two fundamentals to the development of all-China chemistry: one is a global worker, one is a high-level pool of talent, which represents the ability of all-China, and the other is that all-China is committed to the mission of making life better for mankind through chemistry, which is the original idea of all-China chemistry.
Household needs are spearheaded by technological innovation, with talent at its core, with excellence as a solid foundation, culture as a strong guarantee, capital operations as an aid, integration around high-technology, high-value-added new chemical materials, related diversification (markets, technologies), precision
Elaborating and low-cost development strategies have become the leading chemical giants around the world. The smoke station mdi devices have been successfully expanded to speed up globalization, with a global capacity of 2.6 million tons, or 28% of the world’s cities.
By technology, a massive expansion from 600,000 tonnes/to 1.1 million tonnes/year has been achieved, with bulk devices investing only RMB 284 million. In terms of supply, demand, and prices, the company’s 500,000 tonnes of technology and mdi production is a better time.
It is not possible to fill the market gap created by force majeure; in the medium term, mdi will need to be added for the next 1-2 years. 1. The investment intensity of terrafilma, one of the largest distributors in the United States, will increase the cost advantage.
The company expanded its mdi capacity with very low investment, reducing the return on investment. According to the EPR, this new production capacity expansion is expected to reduce the smoke station mdi device.
With the expansion of the smoke station mdi, it is expected to contribute about 1,994 million tons of new sales, sales and net profits of at least 3.2 billion yuan in 2021. With regard to overseas channels, Wanhua is the largest distributor in the United States.
One of them worked together to open up the US market and speed up the global layout. The vinyl vinyl phase I was launched, the second E.C., the high end polyolefin sector, and the 2020 Hulk chemical Great Ethylene phase was officially launched.
There are six main advantages in material costs, feedstock use, downstream market effects, integration levels, etc. Further extension of the company's petrochemical industry chain to serve as a link between polyurethane and the new materials industry chain, providing raw materials for the polyurethane and new materials industry chain.
A wide competition track. The full post-natal phase of Ethylene is expected to contribute a net profit of $1.632 billion. During the same period, the ED II project will be announced and the petrochemical plate will be up to one more step. The company Ethylene II project will invest 19.980 billion yuan in three years of construction, including 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene fission device,
Seven hundred thousand tonnes/year crack gas-hydrogen unit (containing 30,000 tonnes/year styrene pumping device), 420,000 tonnes/year ldpe device, 200,000 tonnes/year poe device, 500,000 tonnes/year pp device, etc.
The end polyolefin is expected to be one of the most important products for the future of all, Poe being the crown of the high end polyolefin, opening up the next blue sea market.
The firm’s acquisition of 30% of China’s shares and the further strengthening of technical barriers is a major step in accelerating the deployment of the chemical industry. Through the acquisition of China’s shareholdings, the company further deepens its cooperation to form a community of interests, one side consolidates its competitive advantage in traditional products such as mdi, tdi, and further reduces the spread of technology.
Risk: On the other hand, we can draw on a wealth of design experience in the field of fine chemical design in China. On the other hand, Lemon aldehyde is officially announced in the Mandarin Lemon and its derivatives integration project. Lemon aldehyde production can reach 48,000 tonnes/year, beyond what was originally expected in the market, and on the other hand, it is reflected in the company’s Lemon Alde.
Confidence: On the other hand, the company’s voice is further enhanced in the area of fragrance. The company’s full-blown patents on the chain of fragrances are expected to continue to expand vertically and horizontally in the future.
In addition, the company's lithium battery trio material will be shown at the China International Battery Technical Exchange/Exposition (cibf). The product-related project — 10,000 tons of lithium batteries per year — is to be produced in June.
The materials project, which was published in February 21, consists of 10,000 tons of lithium battery tripod/year, with a total investment of 1,160 million yuan in productionable periods. Degradable plastics: two dominant degradation plastic products, Pla and pbat, are also available in the industry.
The chain can continue to extend downstream degradable plastic products and improve their co-benefits. The chain layout of the multi-hwashu pbat integrated industry is now in the ep-evaluation phase. The Sichuan Myung Mountain project produces 60,000 tons of biodegradable polyesters (pbats) per year, with a total investment of 360 million yuan, and is expected to start production in the first half of 2022.
In addition, the gas acetylene project, which produces bdos, provides raw materials for downstream pbat devices, increases the degree of integration of the high pbat industrial chain, and is expected to achieve a cost advantage in future pbat competitions.
In addition, Huanhua has developed a range of waneco-modified pla products that can be used in the areas of blow-drying, lymphomy, straws, bubbles, etc. Polycarbonate (pc) for: 140,000 tonnes polycarbonate project, targeted high-end differentiated products.
In January 2021, prior to the release of the report on the environmental impact of the Wanhua annual production of 140,000 tons of polycarbonate (pc) project, it was announced that the company would build a 100,000-ton general pc production unit and a 40,000-ton special pc unit at the Smoky Industries Park.
At present, with the company’s production of pc II, the company has a supply capacity of 210,000 tonnes/year. 2021 is the year of the company’s “reduce effect,” which is based on a talent-based approach to technological innovation.
In 2020, the company redefined “clients” and included a broad range of clients in the “client-oriented” nuclear values. In 2021, the corporate management theme was “Decrease efficiency years”, reducing costs, increasing efficiency and improving efficiency, including, inter alia, lean production, low-cost procurement, high-quality investment, excellence.
The company uses carbon neutrality as an opportunity to allocate resources for wind and light energy use in the context of new energy and green industry development, in conjunction with its own strategies; has achieved some results in core technologies for quelling degradable plastics; light-quantifiable vehicles, electronic chemicals, etc.
On the other hand, the company is organizing a full-scale scientific effort. On the other hand, Manchuria always sees talent as the most important strategic resource.
In June 2020, the University of Manhua officially opened its license on Magnetic Mountain, and continued to develop and channel talent to companies.
Technical aspects: Manhua has established a well-developed process-based R & D framework and project management mechanism, which has evolved into an innovative R & D system from basic research, engineering development, process optimization to product application research and development, with the successful formation of the National Polyurethane Engineering Research Centre, and polymer surface materials
The National Engineering Laboratory for the Preparation of Technology, the National Centre for the Establishment of Enterprise Technology, and the Industrial Post-Doctoral Research Workstations, among others, have undertaken the construction of the “National Technological Standards Innovation Base” (chemical new materials).
The cumulative number of patents amounted to 1,877, and technology development and protection went hand in hand.