Events: Eli published three-quarterly reports in 2025. 2025q1-3, the company managed to collect 90.564 billion dollars, with steady income performance and strong growth in milk powder. By category, q3 liquid milk, milk powder and milk products, and cold drinks, with revenues of 18.814 million yuan, 7,683 million yuan and 1,199 million dollars, respectively.
Slippering, lactose milk is subject to overall demand, adding up the company and the distributor's two-way rationally prepared goods, resulting in a similar decline in income. After the first share of the market was won in the first half of the year, infant powdering continued to grow, pushing the milk industry to grow. Cold drinks are growing through channels and innovative products, and the market continues to take over.
The Māori rate has fallen slightly and profits have been stable overall. q3 has recorded Māori rates of 33.92%, same as \triangleright
Compared to 1:13 pct, given that the national average of original milk prices is still falling by around the same number, we assume that this is due to a restructuring of corporate liquid milk products and an increase in the ratio of quality to products. On the cost side, the overall cost rate of company q3 has decreased slightly, with sales rates, management costs, R & D.
On the other hand, the q3 asset impairment loss/income results in a net profit margin of 11.12 per cent for company q3 and a margin of -0.29 pc, which stabilizes the q3 net profit and non-mortality net profit on the same basis.
Innovation + internationalization to meet consumer demand. In terms of product innovation, the company has introduced three quarters of the regular warm gold gold fresh and fresh milk, using inf instant fungicide, redefinition of the warm milk fresh edges: introduction of yogurt milk chewing lemon beverages and double-digit growth of yogurt milk: at the same time in the mountains.
In terms of internationalization, the company has achieved a rapid increase in overseas cold drinks and baby powdering through gold crowns, cremo landings, Hong Kong and Saudi markets, and gold-sung landings in Singapore.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: year-round targets are safe, and the next five years are undervalued. The company's income and profit performers in the first three quarters, we expect the company to have a high probability of ending up as a business target this year. Moreover, this year is the end of the Elyburn five-year plan, and the company will do it.
Sets a strategic plan for the next five years, indicating the direction and objectives for the next five years.
I don't know what you're talking about, cindasecuritiesco.
\triangleright Cherie, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics, Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Food, food, food, wine, white wine in the Anhui region (known as Gui Goon, wine for the glorification, gold seed wine). Zhao Ray, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and then 2 years of research and development and operation at Sapto, the mammoth giant, and 1 year of food and beverage research experience. Covering dairy products (in-depth study of Eli).
In the morning of Zhao Dan, Master of Economics, Graduated from the Faculty of Economics of Xiamen University, two years of food and drink research experience.
Wang, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering the beer industry (deeply studying Chinese beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer), water and beverages (deeply studying farmers' springs).
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.