In the first three quarters of 2025, the company earned 90,341 million yuan, i.e. + 1.81 per cent of the year;
The main business of Inner Mongolia ' s Iri Industries Group Ltd. has a net profit of 10,426 million yuan, i.e. 4.07 per cent in comparison with 4.07 per cent in comparison, and a net profit of 1,0103 million yuan, i.e., +18.73 per cent in relation to non-repatriation of the mother, in the production and sale of various types of milk and healthy drinking products.
The company’s main products are liquid milk, milk beverages, powdered milk, yogurts, frozen drinks, cheese, milk fats, packaged drinking water.
The milk ratio has declined, and the milk and dairy/cold products ratio has risen. q3 single season, the income from liquid milk/milk and dairy/cooled products/other products is the same as the warm white milk and yogurt business.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: there is a clear reduction in pressure on the channel and improved profit on the channel. The current trend is to roll back the original milk prices, the market is expected to slow down next year, and the company's front-loading on the channel is expected to bring liquid milk plate performance.
The milk powder and dairy industry are the brightest performances this year, and we assume that the company's milk industry benefits from the recovery of the birth rate, product innovation and high-end, mother-and-child cooperation, and the policy of subsidized milk, which has increased at a higher rate, with a further increase in the city's share. The country's dairy industry is in the early stages, with an empty market.
The alternative space for inter- and national production is large, some of the highly processed products enable infant powdering to become more competitive, and we believe that the business has long-term growth dynamics.
The Māori rate has declined as a result of the structure of the product, and the sales cost rate has fallen. The company’s Māori circulationb/h (millions) share dropped in the first quarter of 25 years, and the share of low Māori products has risen in the first quarter of 25 years as a result of ongoing industry price wars.
The company's net interest rate for the first three quarters was 11.53%, and the profit forecast and investment rating: the original milk price showed signs of a bottom-up rise, the pressure on the gold stream was high for the partial purchase of pastures in the fourth quarter, the number of pastures was expected to contract further, the supply of original milk was reduced and the milk price was expected to return further.
Increased prices, food security risks, and growing financial intelligence in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Ely's shares (600887.sh): Building the foundations, waiting to get out of the valley, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Ely shares (600887.sh): Stretch the foundations and wait until we get out of the valley.
Menssoe Wang Jie Ting explains his research. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.