Events: company announcements, 90.560 billion won in the first three quarters of 2025, i.e. 1.7 per cent of the year; I.I. shares (stock code: 600887).
With 25q3 liquid milk under pressure, the milk industry has continued to grow. The demand in the 25q3 sector has recovered slowly, with the company Lu Xin Xinjiang, whose income has fallen slightly by 1.7 per cent, per product, and 25q3 liquid milk/milk powder and dairy/refrigerated products.
The amount is almost flat; the company raises demand through the introduction of high-quality products, while low-temperature and milk-eating revenues are rising in reverse.
For the subregion, 17,779, or 1.8 per cent of the total, the sales cost was 18.3 per cent, compared to 0.7 pcts, which were more cost-effective; the management cost was 4.0 per cent, compared to 0.4 pcts. In addition, 25q3 lost $156 million in impairment of assets.
In the short and medium term, the upstream milk continues to clear, the supply and demand are gradually improving, the impact of impairments on profits will gradually decrease, and the company is expected to use the good canals to lighten its inventory for revenue-side repairs. In the long term, the liquid milk industry still has much room for upgrading.
The trend towards concentration of the milk powder industry is expected to continue, with high-value-added, deep-processed products expected to become incremental; Eli, as the lead company, is expected to continue to expand the lead industry through product innovation, channels and scenery, with a relatively deep 300-percent performance.
In addition, the company actively explores overseas markets and new business curves, leads, is resilient and has a high rate of dividends, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
It appears that profitability continues to improve.
3. [Galaxy Eating] The company evaluates _Eli ' s shareholding _ improved profitability, and I am committed to producing this report with diligence, independence and objectivity. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Liu Guangmi, who joined the Institute of Human Security in 2020, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, covering food and beverages, and was good at digging deep into the value of the industry’s investments through historical retraces as compared to overseas. This report is made available to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.