Eastern wealth (300059.sz)
With high medium-term performance growth and counter-market expansion of securities: companies are the leading domestic Internet financial services platform conglomerates, and securities and financial e-business became the two-pillars of corporate business. In the first half of 2018, companies earned $1.635 billion, an increase of 49.4 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net profit of $559 million for their mothers, an increase in the same year.
The core advantage is that the flow base adds cost advantages and the product line layout is rich: the company aggregates large-scale users through the three main entrances of the Eastern Wealth Network, the Sky Fund Network, and the stock café, and imports each other into the flow, with lower passenger costs.
At times, low-cost strategies quickly compete for users, capture market shares and enhance user stickyness through rich product lines and diversified clothing, sustain the consolidation of multi-end and multi-platform flow advantages, and create one-stop Internet financial uniforms.
The Internet giants, by buying and acquiring license plates, take stockholders to intervene in the area of securities with technical services. Large bond dealers build their own Internet platforms, and develop online with excellent results. Small- and medium-sized coupons rely on third-party channels to develop their operations on the line, triggering a war on commission prices and hampering their development.
In addition, mobile applications became the main interface for portfolio investment, and the major bond dealers actively deployed financial technology. Companies acquired a voucher license in 2015 to take advantage of industry by using their own flow base.
After the four phases of Chai Qingyan Business, Asset Pooler, Internet Transformation, and Full Service Providers, the path to a discount broker-type integrated asset management platform has been successfully followed. The company’s user base, market share, and a large capital platform are now in place.
In the future, as financial plates continue to fall, Eastern wealth will widen the financial services sector, moving from a flow model to a user-operated model, which is expected to replicate the credit success model and move to one-stop Internet financial services, industry regulatory policy risks; Internet giants will have an impact on corporate operations.
Medium-term high performance growth, counter-market expansion of portfolio operations Companies are the leading national integrated Internet financial services platform operators, bringing together Internet finance and finance portals, financial e-commerce platforms, financial terminal platforms and mobile end-of-end platforms through the “Oriental Wealth Network” as their core
The company’s main business is securities, financial e-commerce services, financial data services, and Internet advertising services.
Fund sales amounted to 743.3 billion yuan, driving the year’s performance blow-out, leading to an almost four-fold increase in revenue from the main business. In 2015, companies acquired identical securities (later renamed Eastern Wealth Securities) and became the first Internet platform to hold a voucher license.
Using the Eastern Wealth Network, the Sky Fund Network and the Equity Bar as platforms, and building on the technological advantages of the Internet, the sound financial landscape and the advantages of the large household groups, the securities business has been greatly expanded, with a rapid increase in market share, with the company accounting for 1,635 million yuan in revenue from portfolio operations in the second quarter of 2018, an increase of 49.4 per cent in the same year and net profit to the mother of 559 million yuan in the first half of 2018.
This represents an increase of 114.8 per cent in the second quarter of 2018, with corporate operating income of 812 million yuan, a 45.5 per cent increase in the same year and a net return of 258 million yuan, a 61.4 per cent increase in the same period.
The discipline business has been affected by a decline in cross-border transactions, but the market share of corporate brokerage activities has continued to rise rapidly, with net interest earnings of $176 million in the second quarter of 2018, a 16.9 per cent increase in the ring. The rapid increase in the market share of companies in financing coupons has led to faster growth. In the first half of 2018, revenue from financial e-commerce operations was $584 million, an increase of 63.7 per cent in the first half of the year.
Of this amount, the “reckoning treasure” sales amounted to $193.021 billion, an increase of 97 per cent over the same period. Revenues increased at a rate lower than the Fund's sales scale, with the company's Māori main business rising by 87.62 per cent in the first half of 2018 and 3.21 percentage points in the second quarter of the same year.
The management costs, financial costs as a percentage of revenues were 7.25 per cent, 40.69 per cent and 5.02 per cent, respectively, of which 7.92 per cent, 42.49 per cent and 4.47 per cent were recorded in the second quarter. The increase in the company ' s netting point and the increase in inputs was the main reason for the increase in the level of management costs, and the increase in corporate interest income was mainly due to the raising of the interest cost of debtable debt.
ii. Core advantages: flow base plus cost advantage, product line layout rich companies bring together large-scale users through three main entrances to the Eastern Wealth Network, the Sky Fund Network and the stock café, and import each other into the flow, with lower cost of access, coupled with low-cost strategies to quickly compete for users, capture market share, and diversify through rich product lines.
The services have increased user stickyness, sustained consolidation of multi-end and multi-platform flow advantages, and the creation of one-stop Internet financial services platforms. (i) The three platforms have built the flow base, and the Eastern Wealth Network, a flagship product of Eastern wealth, has now become China’s leading financial and economic portal.
A comprehensive, rich and user-friendly financial information service, with a significant user size and viscous advantage at the end of pc, is in the forefront of all vertical financial portals. According to data from Ere in June 2018, the Eastern Wealth Network covers an average of 9.95 million people per day, with a market share of 28% of the top 10 financial websites: 5.58 million hours per month, more than the sum of the remaining nine.
On the mobile end, the user size of the Eastern Wealth Network app is in the second line of the industry, and according to the Erie data of June 2018, the top three of the average daily self-contained devices are the same flower, big wisdom, and Eastern wealth, while the Sky Fund Network is the top ten. The Eastern Wealth Network app is valid for 16,054 million hours a month, which is merely the same as the same flower, with obvious user stickers.
Since its launch in 2007, the Sky Fund Network has worked to provide investors with professional, timely and comprehensive fund transactions, information, net worth, data, ratings, analysis, interaction, and other comprehensive financial management services, providing online fund data search and screening tools for clients buying funds from offline channels, creating a very high branding profile.
The number of page views was 690.87 million, an increase of 122.58 million from late 2017, the number of active daily visits to the Sky Fund service platform was 1.608 million, an increase of 94.53 million from late 2017, and the steady growth of traffic was based on Internet funds sales.
In keeping with its investment philosophy and equity strategy, it has published a variety of views and opinions on markets, industries, events, and companies, and has commented and commented on each other, the stock bar has become the largest and most popular financial and economic exchange community in China. By virtue of its strong social attributes, the stock bar has taken a step towards consolidating user stickyness in Eastern wealth networks.
On the basis of the three main flow platforms of the Eastern Wealth Network, the Sky Fund Network and the Equity Bar, the company uses the East Wealth Network as a hub for inter-flow flows, thus enhancing the stickyness of user use and becoming a frontrunner in the vertical financial and economic fields on the line. (ii) Low-price strategy for customers
As a result of the Internetization of securities and the encouragement of innovation by regulatory policies, competition for bond-consistency services has increased, and domestic securities markets have been dominated by individual investors, most of which have taken advantage of the market share by lowering commission rates, and industries have entered the “war on commission” period. By the end of 2017, the average commission rate for industry had been reduced to 0.0378 per cent.
The regulatory authority has clearly defined the bottom line (i.e. not to be significantly lower than the cost of brokering, which is about two-tenths of a million). Based on the data disclosed in the annual vouchers reports and the stock-base turnover for the same period, the company ' s commission rate in 2017 was estimated to be about 0,0244 per cent, followed by 0.0177 per cent of the Great Wall securities in the same period. The company ' s commission rate was significantly lower than that of most bond dealers, and was price-sensitive to customers.
In terms of financing interest rates, Eastern wealth lowered the interest rate from 8.35% to 6.99% in May 2017.
The financing rate is more than 8%, nearly 60% of coupons hold long-term interest rates of 8.35%, 36 enforce interest rates of 8.6%, except for Eastern wealth, where only Kyushu securities (7.5%) and Guangzhou securities (7.9%) have a financing rate of less than 8%.
The main revenue earned by the Fund ' s sales agencies is four main: sales fees, requisitions (subscriptions), foreclosures and management fees, of which sales fees and requisitions are wholly owned by the sales agencies, while management fees and foreclosures are distributed proportionately by the Fund ' s companies to the sales agencies.The Internet has become the main channel for sales by the Fund, with the Fund ' s high level of commercialization of power sales, and third-party sales machines rich in products.
As the number of third-party sales agencies has increased, with the arrival of such giants as Ali, China’s Peace, Kyouta, Kyouta, and Tseng, competition in the industry has increased. In order to compete for users, the Sky Fund Network took the lead in reducing the Fund’s requisition rate from 4 to 1 in 2016, while the rest of the agencies followed the rate down, and the requisition fee has now become a third-party fund sales industry.
With the approval of a third-party fund sale license for Tien An Information Technology, a fully-owned subsidiary under the flag of the United States this year, a total of 116 third-party financial institutions are now receiving a fund pass license, and there is increasing competition in the market for fund sales, with agencies with pre-emptive and channel advantages gradually establishing a leading position and a clear industry pattern.
The company’s financial data services have been fully configured at pc end, mobile end, including the Quantified Investment Masters software, face-to-face free Eastern Wealth Terminals to individual investors, fee-based decision-making version of the LEVEL-2, level-2 ultra-speed version, for institutional investors.
If you want to do so, you can also provide personalized custom services in real time, depending on the client’s needs. The dollar/year, plus the deep-level-2 function, costs $6520/year, and the mobile version of the Eastern Wealth Network, which is free of charge.
(iii) Rich product lines. Companies continue to expand their operations to obtain multiple financial business licences, such as investment in equity, and gradually move into different scenarios such as finance, securities exchange, payments, consumer finance.
At the same time, Eastern wealth is applying for public fund-raising license plates, insurance brokerage plates, etc. From the product line, Eastern wealth provides regular finance, cemetery funds, private fund-raising, stocks, futures, data terminals, communications, and investment exchanges.
iii. Industry patterns: Internet giants are strongly involved, traditional bond dealers are actively transforming, and regulatory policies such as Internet openings and Internet voucher piloting have been gradually emerging in recent years, and the bond industry is becoming increasingly interconnected. Internet voucher dealers are not just putting their products on the Internet, they are not just selling them online.
Rather, it includes a range of online operations and services, focusing on the empowerment of users. Users have a wider choice of Internet channels than traditional securities services, whose main idea is to provide products and services for users’ needs and to obtain more users by branding.
As an important part of financial operations, license plates have been an active part of the efforts of the major Internet companies. Bat has a huge number of users and data, as well as advanced technology.
The change in attitude from active support to strict regulation has delayed the acquisition of license plates by Internet giants. Ali, for example, in 2014 and 2017, plans to obtain coupons through the acquisition of securities in the Yangtze River and in Germany, respectively, ended up failing. On the other hand, Bat actively entered traditional securities dealers and intervened in the financial sector through technical services.
For reasons such as compliance prudentiality, Internet technology companies have not yet developed a wide range of securities operations, which involve securities investors that provide information, community exchange, smart investors, etc., without access to the core business of securities dealers, and a large flow base. Eastern wealth acquired the same securities in 2015, successfully obtained the securities license, and quickly upgraded the securities on its own flow base.
In comparison with Internet companies, traditional coupons have an extremely competitive advantage in their own business areas, and there are deficiencies in Internet experience, technological capabilities, and awareness of innovation, while onlineization has become a trend toward portfolio development.
These include, inter alia, self-help networking platforms and Internet-based channels. The large-scale securities traders, with their own power, have built their own Internet platforms, and have launched a series of online reforms to promote online development in the securities sector.
Broaden the boundaries of online services and serve as a model for the transition to the Internet by traditional voucher dealers. Because self-built platforms require large-scale input of int resources, small and medium-sized coupons can only seek the cooperation of third-party platforms, allowing third-party counters to lead them, and whether the user’s opening and trading behaviour after the flow remains on the third-party platform makes it difficult for bond dealers to provide value-added clothing.
With the Internetization of securities retailing for individual investors, mobile end-users have become the main interface for portfolio investment. By the end of 2017, China’s securities trading class had a cumulative 289 applications, independent stock openings 38 and most transactions.
The mobile end-opener is 96.1%, the mobile end-opener is basically fully mobile, 36.8% of the stock exchange, 100 million monthly security service applications, and the active user size is close to the number of securities market investments. Financial science and technology drives stock-shop apps to upgrade their functionality, smart monitor, similar k-line, cost analysis.
There are also different development strategies used by large securities dealers to personalize and technologicalize mobile applications. The Washington Stock Exchange program creates smart applications, introducing four core modules, such as the family, the panorama, super-accounts, and rigorous financial selection: safe securities masters push smarts and smarts, and offers co-financing diagnostics and stock swaps for customers:
The third-party securities service provider promotes industry development mainly through the mode of providing flow services to voucher providers. Among them, the monthly active users of Hoyoshi and Dong Wan rank first in the industry. With more third-party platform accessers, users remain at third-party parity after the flow.
At present, in the overall stock competition market in the securities market, there is a strong competition for users against the continuing decline in commission revenues, tapping into the residual value of users and providing value-added services as a trend towards industry development, including financial incentives, research studies, etc.
Software, such as support decision-making, and product-based services, such as property management. Smart investment, smart customer service, smart wind control, smart stock selection and smart mobile applications, based on artificial intelligence, have become the direction for the major voucher dealers to develop financial science and technology.
After four stages of commission discount securities brokers, asset collectors, Internet transformations, full service providers, Kafumi, as a typical American Internet voucher dealer, has developed a variety of financial subsectors, gradually expanding to trust, banking, insurance, etc., and has successfully managed the path of a discount broker to transform the Integrated Asset Management Platform.
Profit, building a one-stop Internet financial services platform, is expected to replicate a successful model of credit management. Credit management currently has three main revenue streams: management income, spread revenue, and transaction commission revenue.
The share of the two operations reached 89% a year, with interest income showing a steady growth trend. Brokering and other operations showed a declining trend.
In the first phase, after the elimination of the fixed commission system in the United States, credit took advantage of the opportunity to transform into a commission discount, cut off brokers, targeting small and medium-sized investors and providing the most efficient services to investors. In the second phase, the business model shifted from taking transaction costs to reaping benefits from managing customer assets, and introduced the Fund's supermarkets and consolidated trading accounts.
Schwabone, which allows customers to put multiple securities assets and funds in their entirety for ease of management and to adopt such features as no fees, no transaction fees, etc., is highly favoured. In the third phase, the eschwab account was introduced to meet online transaction needs and a new model for combining electronic commerce with traditional retailing operations became the largest online financial dealer.
The East’s wealth development strategy can be divided into three steps: building a flow base, transforming retail brokers, and building a one-stop Internet finance service platform. East wealth, by building on its own flow base, is rapidly increasing the market share of brokering and blending operations, making the East rich.
Expanding other operations provides a solid user base. Currently, the user base and the large capital platform are already in size. Reference credit, the financial development path, after completing user accumulation and product enrichment, will be followed by differentiated investment advice for customer classifications.
At the domestic level, Huatai securities have taken the lead in exploring the value of customer ease and behavioral data by enhancing the use of large data applications. At the same time, using the current retail business landscape, they have introduced a leading voucher member service system.
Eastern wealth is still in the process of seeking a market share of the size of the client trade, with the increase in the share of the trading market in the last two years being more dependent on the increase in the number of medium- and low-value clients with a higher hand rate, a more homogeneous customer structure, a higher customer class, and a higher reputation for credit.
In addition, in terms of wealth management and institutional services capacity, banks have significant advantages in terms of client coverage and service delivery, but have less ability to customize products, and the lenders have a better service depth than other financial institutions, in addition to traditional trusts, bank property, first place.
Triangular wealth agency products typically have financial thresholds and poor liquidity, are less attractive to low net-value, long-tail customers and are more sensitive to tariffs, while the public finance market is in great demand for depth of service, and low commissions and ease of access to Internet platforms are an important reason to get popular financial clients to favor them. Therefore, a one-stop Internet financial services platform has been created to enhance customer stickyness, especially for Eastern wealth development.
In the future, as the financial license plates continue to fall, Eastern wealth will expand its financial services, gradually moving from a flow model to a user-operated model, continuously optimizing its income structure and moving to a one-stop Internet financial service.
(i) Core assumptions and business split projections are based mainly on the following assumptions:
The rate of net commissions of Eastern wealth is now stable and is expected to remain at 2.4 per 10,000 over the next three years. The share of brokering activities has risen, with Māori rates, and corporate securities have gradually increased, providing the basis for companies to maintain a high Māori rate. Financial corporations are committed to linking people and wealth, with a one-stop Internet financial services platform in place for their development strategy, based on flows and flows.
The core elements of data, scenes, license plates, etc., continue to improve the financial layout of the Internet, and it is hoped that the successful model of credit management will be replicated in the future.1 The market share of brokering and blending operations is not expanding as expected;2 and stock market turnover is not as high as expected
4. Impact on corporate operations of Internet giants ' access to coupons