Biadee, the lead in the run-up, the new energy taps, is a domestic new-energy automobile leader whose main business is automobiles, cellular parts and secondary chargers.
Battery, etc., with new energy vehicles in the world for the fourth year in a row. In 2018, the company sold 248,000 new energy vehicles, with a share of the domestic market of 19.7%, in 2019, the company's new energy plan reached 400,000-500,000, and high-priced vehicles, such as Dondm, continued to be sold, with high output growth expected.
Large elasticity of performance. The company has a great potential to develop by adjusting the layout of parts and components, power cells, and igbt. The company has a strong power cell function, which exceeded its share in the domestic market by 20.3% in 2018, and the expansion of production and external customers, which is expected to create a new Biadi.
The company’s competitive advantages, such as new energy technologies, supply chains, brands, etc., are clear, and have long been at the top of the domestic market for new energy products. The company’s introduction of a number of top talent, such as Ig’s, and significant improvements in its design and chassis calibration.
New energy automobiles are well-placed, bna platforms and e-nets add new momentum. New energy sales reached 248,000 in 2018, with a doubling of the volume of open-ended areas as a proportion of 10,000, with the prospect of increasing the number of high-priced vehicles in Tang, which continue to be sold, with high levels of product sales increasing.
There is a huge potential for power cell outlet. The domestic and foreign sales of new energy vehicles continue to grow at a high rate, but the supply of high-quality batteries is scarce. Corporate power cell loads are among the highest in the country for a long time, in 2018.
Over 20% of the field is highly competitive in areas such as performance, cost, security, and consistency. Corporate power cell capacity has expanded rapidly in recent years, and is expected to reach 40gwh by the end of 2019, and to be active in developing external clients.
In the past two years, the company's business thinking has changed dramatically, and it's been working quickly and running quickly. On the whole, the company hired the former Audi Design Supervisor.
At the level of spare parts, the company splits, sells, joint ventures with its own spare parts companies, and is expected to improve efficiency, and the Biadey-subsidization downside affects performance, with sales growing at a higher rate.
Reducing costs and phasing out superior components such as power cells, igbt, etc., is expected to increase and boost the expected sales of new energy vehicles; and 2) power cell outages.
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for securities investment consultancy.
The company is the leader of the new energy automobile industry, with an annual income of more than 100 billion dollars, established in February 1995, after 24 years of rapid growth, and has established more than 30 industrial parks around the globe, bringing about six continents around the globe.
The company currently has four major business units, namely, automobiles, cellular parts and assembly, secondary charge batteries and photovoltaics, cloud-track cloud operations, including the traditional fuel and new-energy automobile operations, and the company’s strong technological build-up in the area of new-energy vehicles.
With mobile phone parts and assembly operations, companies are the world’s leading provider of e-product solutions, providing one-stop services such as design, R & D, manufacturing, supply chain management, and post-sale, including electronics metal structures, plastic structures, 3d glass, ceramics, etc.
The major clients include mobile phone leaders such as Hua, Samsung, Apple, Conspicuous, Vivo, Mi, etc. Second Battery and Photovoltaics are one of the world ' s leading manufacturers of secondary charge batteries, including lithium ion batteries and nickel batteries.
For example, mobile phones, digital cameras, electric tools, electric toys, all kinds of portable electronic equipment and electrical products, leading mobile phone manufacturers such as Samsung, Hua, etc., as well as global electric tools such as Bo, Cooper, and other portable electronics. With regard to cloud-tracking, companies have successfully developed products such as cross-seat single-track, cloud-track, and small-volume rubber wheels, cloud-barrel, etc.
The company ' s main products and operations are illustrated in figure 1.
The company actually controls the founder, Wang, holding 18.79 per cent of the shares, is currently Chairman, Executive Director, Managing Director of the company and is in charge of the group.
In addition, Lu Xiaoyang, Berkshirehathawayengergy, the Consort of Impropriate Investment Holdings, the Chusawatsau all hold 8.77%, 8.25%, 5.96%, and 3.89% respectively. The company uses the Ministry of Industry as the basic management module for the classification of business, through the Ministries of Industry and affiliates both within and outside the country.
Production operations. By the end of 2018, the company had 18 major subsidiaries, of which the indirect controlling subsidiary Biadi Electronics (International) Ltd. was listed at Hong Kong Union (0285.hk).
On the revenue side, the company comes mainly from automobiles, cellular parts, and assembly, and as the country’s new energy car sales began in 2015, the company’s revenue grew at a high rate, reaching hundreds of billions in 2016, and is expected to grow faster thereafter. On the profit side, the profitability of new energy vehicles is high, and the continued fall in subsidies in recent years has led to a certain net profit for the company.
Volatile. But the subsidy drops in absolute terms, and the volume of new energy cars is growing rapidly, and the company’s performance is expected to pick up steadily.
As a result, the overall Māori rate fluctuates. The increase in revenue from automobile operations and Māori rates are expected to be stable after the phasing-out of future subsidies, and the overall Māori rate has been relatively stable overall in terms of cost rates.
Millions of dollars, or 58.4% and 32.5%, respectively. With the rapid growth in the sale of new energy vehicles, the share of automobiles is expected to continue to rise.
The advantages of new energy vehicles are clear, and sales are expected to continue to lead, and there are significant improvements in the design of appearances and chassis calibrations, as well as in product uplift sales. Biadi was established in 1995 to be the first major electronics battery, and by 2003 the company became the second largest battery charger in the world.
Producers. At a time when domestic private car consumption is rising, the founder of the company, Wang Fook, sees the vast market in the automobile industry and the good prospects for a combination of his own battery technology, and decides to move into the car industry.