Half-yearly, Leung Kai reported a strong growth in net revenue and a continued improvement in the asset position.
The semi-annual reports issued by the comptoir banks: 12.6 billion dollars were collected by: 1h2018 and 11.8 per cent by yoy, resulting in a net gain of 44.8 billion dollars and 14.00 per cent by yoy, which is largely in line with our expectations. On the income side, non-interest income is doing well and interest income is growing robustly. In terms of asset quality, the rate of bad hiring continues to decline.
As the leader of China’s retail banks, recruitment has now reached more than half of the retail business, and hopes to contribute further to the transformation of its light banks through financial science and technology. We appreciate the continued deepening of company retail operations and the current slowdown in the margins of new regulations in the context of financial science and technology.
And the corresponding easing of the new rules of fiscal management (down to 1w) is expected to provide a good boost to recruitment in the future, with companies above industry (about 20 per cent) and currently valued at $12.6 billion, yoy up by 11.8 per cent and net gain of $44.8 billion and yoy up by 14.00 per cent.
High non-interest income and strong interest income performance: at the income end, the main drivers were non-interest income, 17.7 to 49.4 billion for yoy, and operations such as bank cards, credit commitments, loan operations, commissions, etc., generated good fee revenue performance for companies and lower (go) in the base period last year.
Only 1.22% increase over the same period of the year) and the implementation of 19 also had some impact. In terms of interest income, a steady increase in the size of interest-bearing assets and an increase in the difference between interest-bearing assets (a 4.3% increase in the average balance of interest-bearing assets and a ratio of institutional investors to the share in circulation a)
Quality of assets continues to improve: in terms of asset quality, 1.43% of the rate of poor recruitment for 1h2018 was recorded, down 0.28 ptt from the same period last year, with marginal improvements compared to 10, and 0.05 pt down by qoo. Previously, in the context of financial deleveraging regulations, many business credit defaults and market-to-bank assets were recorded.
The trend towards continued improvement in quality is questionable, and the performance of the recruiters undoubtedly breaks some of the pessimistic expectations. The improvement in the quality of the vendor’s assets also has a counter-breeding effect on profits and has resulted in a higher level of provision (316%).
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: Chinaresearchdept. The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by individual clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.