▪ Events: 12,831 million operating income was recruited in the first half of 2018 according to the Performance Express, further increased profitability and non-interest income performance: profits increased at a seasonal rate, roe
q2 Q2 QC net profit increases by 14% over the year, up 0.5pc over q1. roe (annual) increases by 0.47pc to 19.58% over the same period last year, further improving profitability. Non-interest income increases significantly, leading to a sustained increase in revenue growth.
q1 is an increase of 8.65 pc over the 15.9 per cent increase. Of this, non-interest net income is a significant contribution to the related fee income, such as single-season gold; in addition, i9 conversions result in investments that are accounted for at fair value and whose changes are accounted for in current gains and losses, and the corresponding gains are accounted for in non-interest income.
• A rough estimate of the two-quarter net interest margin or a slight decline. The second-quarter net interest income for merchant banks was $38,495 million, an increase of 1.47 per cent over the first quarter.
q1 is slightly smaller, with the marginal effect of substituting high-cost liabilities being reduced; 2) asset end: banks have reduced risk preferences, with a limited increase in loan returns; 3) end of liability: structural deposits are issued with an accelerated increase in cost, resulting in a slightly weaker performance of two-quarter net interest differentials.
Q2 is expected to continue this trend, based on the socially integrated structure. At the end of June, trillion dollars, or 4.7 per cent more than at the end of March, have increased the pace of deposits in the second quarter as compared to the first quarter.
In addition, the end-of-term deposit balance disturbance factor may have decreased. The ratio of deposits was 70.6 per cent, which remained largely stable. The quality of production continued to improve.
Over-expected improvements in asset quality continued to be made “by other equity companies, with sufficient security mats”.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: overall, the 18-year-old performance report is up to expectations. Sustained high growth, wholesale financial operations, 100-year-old retail financial operations, demand deposit ratios maintained at a high level and liabilities were positive
This advantage is clear and still supports the net difference; the asset quality continues to improve, with the provision for boosters3 and the third quarter of 2017 of the Merchant Bank, with significant financial advantages. The net return profit is expected in 18/19/20, respectively.
Figure 1: Quarterly returns and net returns to mothers (millions of yuan)
Figure 3: Poor rates of recruitment and the balance of non-performing loans (millions of yuan)