In terms of the performance of the recruiting banks in the first half of the year, net profits of the recruiting banks have continued to grow at a relatively rapid rate, with further growth in roe, industry leadership and a rapid recovery in revenue from commission fees.
Block rating: stronger than the big market, leading the profit-making industry, continuing the trend towards improved asset quality
The first half of the year (+24.8%, yoy) has seen a rapid increase in bank cards (+24.8%, yoy) and the recovery of wealth management-related income. The first half of the year, net interest income increased by 8.63% over the same period, a slight decrease from the first quarter (+8.6%, yoy)
3bp, mainly due to a small fall in interest differentials in the two quarters, which fell by 1 bp to 2.54 per cent during the first half of the year compared to the one quarter. 2 quarters of credit delivery accelerated and deposits increased marginally. As of the first half of the year, total corporate assets were 6.54
Point. Among them, corporate credit lending continued to grow faster, with loans growing by 4.69 per cent by the second quarter compared to the growth of the bank deposit ring and a marked improvement in the performance of deposits over the first quarter (2018 q1, +0.06 per cent, qoq).
The improvement in asset quality continues to be better than that of peers, and there is no concern that the provision is better than that of peers. By the end of the second quarter, the company failure rate was 0.48 per cent per year for the first quarter of the two quarters, maintaining overall low levels, while the percentage of interest-group loans declined by 10 bp to 1.50 per cent, and the asset quality continued to be better than that of peers.
The ratio of loans/deficit loans that were more than 90 days overdue by the second quarter was 80.6 per cent, which was considered to be stringent, and the major risk to rating was that the quality of the assets was over-expected: regulatory and asset quality was over-expected.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting business, sensitisation, lucidity.
The increase of 4.55 percentage points over the first quarter was due mainly to the increase in net fee income. As a result of the new accounting standards, some of the investment returns originally recorded in interest income were converted to non-interest income, which increased by 17.04 per cent in the first half of the year over the same period.
Impact. We believe that the investment risk profile is less favourable, with the average return on assets falling by 2 bp to 4.31 per cent in two quarters, while the average cost on interest-bearing liabilities has increased by 1 bp, with a slight fall in the two-quarter interest margin under the combined effect of the two ends, an increase in credit delivery by 1 bp and an improvement in the marginality of deposit growth over the first quarter.
This is an increase of 1.36% over the previous quarter. The end-of-debt, second-quarter caller bank deposit ratio increased by 4.69%, deposit performance was clear from the first quarter, asset quality improvements continued to outperform peers, and asset quality provision remained intact. As of the second quarter, the firm ' s negative rate was 1.43%, and the ring decreased by 5bps on the basis of a one-quarter round decline of 13bps.
We measure the company ' s annual negative growth rate of 0.48 per cent for the first quarter of the second quarter, which has remained generally low, while the percentage of loans of concern has decreased by 10bp to 1.50 per cent. Overall, the trend has remained constant, with assets of better quality than their counterparts. The value of loans/bad loans of more than 90 days as of the second quarter is 80.6 per cent, which is considered to be strict. The provision coverage rate has increased by 5.13 percentage points.
In terms of the performance of merchant banks in the first half of the year, the net profits of merchant banks have continued to grow at a faster rate, with further growth in roe, maintaining industry leadership and a rapid recovery in commission revenue. In terms of asset quality, the negative rate has declined further, and the downward trend in asset quality1 has led to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical industry, banks have a strong correlation between industry development and economic development at the macro level.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy, as well as the profitability of the economy, thereby affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. If the economy is expected to do better, there is a risk that the asset quality of the banking sector will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Financial regulation is overstretched. Since 2017, strict banking regulation has continued, with full coverage of banking regulation, both internal and external, slower growth in industry and faster “deleveraging” processes. Meanwhile, the merger of the Bank and the Insurance Council will enhance regulatory uniformity and coordination and enhance regulatory effectiveness, with various regulatory rules and regulations expected to accelerate down.
Limited, thus affecting the rate of increase in net profits.