July 25th, 2017.
Rapid performance rating: strong growth in net revenue and poor improvement in expectations. Rapid performance reports issued by merchant banks: 125.8 billion revenues: 1h2018, 11.47 per cent increase in yoy, net gain of 44.8 billion, increase in yoy by 14.00 per cent, and performance is largely in line with our expectations.
In terms of asset quality, the market’s pessimistic expectations about the quality of banks’ assets have been broken, and the recruitment rate has continued to decline. As the leader of China’s retail banks, retailing now accounts for more than half of the total, and hopes to move forward through financial technology.
A step-by-step shift in light banking. We're looking at the continued deepening of retailing and the high-roe in the context of financial technology, the current slowdown in the margins of the new regulations and the corresponding easing of the new rules for financial management (the lower product threshold to 1w) are also expected to provide a good boost to recruitment performance.
Expected further optimization in comparison with performance of 10 (1q2018: 7.20 per cent increase in yoy), higher net profit yoy and higher interest income: at the income end, the main drivers are non-interest income, 17.65 per cent to 49.4 billion increase in yoy, and operations such as bank cards and settlements are expected to be companies
With respect to interest income, the portfolio of products benefiting from the size of the loan, the risk preference was reduced (with the release of the official draft of the new regulations in April, banks preferred to be safer, but received it).
Corporate investors as a proportion of the share in circulationa The quality of assets continues to improve, breaking market pessimistic expectations: 1h2018 recruitments were not successful in terms of asset quality.
A good rate of 1.43%, a decline of 0.28 pct compared to the same period last year, is a marginal improvement compared to 1 q. The market has some doubts about the continuing improvement in the quality of the bank’s assets, which, in terms of its performance, has certainly broken this pessimistic expectation. The improvement in the quality of the company’s assets is also counterproductive to profits.
Breastfeeding has also resulted in a higher level of provision (covering 296 per cent from the data reported on a quarterly basis), with expected remuneration (expected return; er), as described below:
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by individual clients. The report could not be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to prepare the report was reliable, but the information in the report was not independently verified for audit.