The quality of the additional credit invested prudently remained stable - Recruiting Bank (600036) mid-2018 reported a 2.53 per cent interest gap for the second quarter, down 2 bp from the first quarter.
Data cut-off date: 25 August 2018: 5 bp below the rate of return for the first quarter, 1 bp increase in the cost of deposits over the same period, single-quarter deposits, and rapid growth in size and loan lending, which together contributed to a slight second-quarter net interest gap
On a scale, loans and advances totalled 3.88 trillion yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of $85.5 billion from the beginning of the year, and retail loans. The share of liquidity loans in corporate loans declined slightly, and the share of trade finance loans decreased considerably.
Small loans have increased considerably, and credit card loans have been placed with relative caution. In terms of deposits, the increase in public and retail term deposits was more than two thirds. 16.8 per cent of net non-interest income increased in the first half of the year, mainly due to the increase in net fees and net revenue.
The bank card business, credit commitments and loan commission were the main drivers of the increase in fees and fees, and, as a result of the new regulations governing the management of capital, the trustees’ income decreased by only 4 per cent, exceeding market expectations entirely. The net non-interest income grew mainly from investments.
The quality of the assets remained stable and the provision was adequate. Although the negative net rate of production for the second quarter increased by 34bp per year over the first quarter, the negative rate for the second quarter decreased by 5bp from the first quarter.
The ratio is almost the same as at the beginning of the year. There has been a slight increase in the rate of bad published loans, trade finance and credit card loans, and a more prudent increase in the volume of loans for both businesses in the first half of the year.
New credit investments have been cautious, fee revenues have declined less than expected in the market, companies