On May 08, 2024, the average number of psys produced by pigs rose to 10.8 and the cost of weaning was $340.
Three-year-long quarterly reviews of the growth trend in the production of pigs, the success of strategic collaboration in poultry and the loss of investment earnings in 2023. To further optimize the company’s industrial development strategy, focusing on core industries, the company plans to introduce a strategic partner, the China Shepherd Group, to the White Feather.
2. New Hopes (000876.sz) first coverage report: Forage, the China Shepherd Group intends to obtain 51 per cent of the new foods in the company ' s poultry chain of operations through cash purchases
This transfer generated investment gains of close to $5.3 billion, which led to a reversal of the company’s net profit from maternity in 2023. The feed business has a significant advantage, further expanding its overseas operations.
Billion yuan, +2.7 per cent; total domestic and external feed sales, 28,76 million tons, +1.2 per cent, representing 8.9 per cent of the country ' s total production; billion dollars, or about 4.5 million tons per year. In 2026, companies projected an increase in feed sales from 4.5 million tons to an important reversal of the pig cycle in the second half of 2024, with a gradual increase in the level of corporate farming and management and full production.
The combination of competitive advantages in the chain of operations is clear, given the company's leadership and financial strength, and the prospect of a sustained expansion in the size of the poultry and food industries, with considerable scope for future development, continues to maintain a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.