The company was founded in 1987 after more than 30 years.
Developed to become the country’s largest and most skilled supplier of car glass, with more than 100 major car companies, with about 63% of the country’s municipalities, far higher than other competitors. Corporate growth has created some pressure, but with the increase in the volume of products that depend on (increased use of bicycle glass) and the increase in prices (high product).
With the central competitive advantage, overseas markets are already in harvest. Fukuyo now accounts for about 20% of the world’s cities, and there is still much room for improvement.
By contrast, companies are expected to replace competitors in overseas markets with advantages such as high business concentration, low production costs, and high capital inputs. Companies have gradually increased their investment abroad in recent years, and Russian and US factories (which have already made a profit) have been put into production, and overseas revenues are expected to grow faster as new plants become productive.
Euro buy-up of the German sam company, which is in bankruptcy. Sam's annual output is about 250 million euros. The bankruptcy was caused by a broken financial chain due to mismanagement, and one fire burned the production line.
Combining its redundant production capacity to improve production efficiency and absorb its superior technology into the domestic economy. For the home-marked aluminium accoutrements, the Sensitivity Group (which earns about RMB 3.5 billion per year for the aluminium accoutrements business, with a Māori rate of about 35%), sam’s income and profits are still small and there is scope for significant improvement, and it is expected to become a new growth point in corporate performance.
Investment proposals: With the release of domestic product volumes and new plant capacity abroad, the company's auto glass industry is expected to continue to grow steadily: the acquisition of aluminium accessories from German sam opens up new opportunities for growth.
At a low point in the last three years and below the average in the auto parts and components industry), high red rates (more than 60%, glazing glass: strong performance growth, sustained globalization strategy, about 5.23%) have three advantages, with a high long-term investment value. We maintain “buy-a-a” for them.
Glossy glass: performance growth is robust, exchange gains and equity release is not as fast as expected. Glossy glass: performance is growing steadily, core growth logic is not good
Glossy Glass: Exchange losses have led to a decline in net profits throughout the year, and American factories have begun to lose profit gains.
I. The sound growth of domestic car glass taps (i) the heart of the craftsmen, 30 years old, leading the country ' s car glass masters: Fukuo Glass, Full name of Fyo Glass Industries Group, Inc., registered in Fukuzhou, China, in 1987
For more than three decades, the company has focused on research and development, production and marketing in the area of car glass. It has grown to be the largest, most skilled and most exported car glass supplier in the country, accounting for about 63 per cent of the domestic market, well above other competitors. It is a well-deserved “dominant” in the area of car glass. The company's production base covers China, the United States, Germany, Russia.
Among the major car-producing countries, the total number of employees worldwide is 27,000; downstream clients include the general population, Toyota, General, Ford, Upper Gas, First Gas, etc., the top 20 and more than 100 major car companies in the country, accounting for about 20 per cent of the world’s cities.
(ii) Deep-farmed car glass industry, with over 95 per cent of revenue, with more than 95 per cent of revenue from car glass operations and self-financing of floating glass. In terms of income structure, the company ' s revenue is mainly from car glass operations. In 2018, the company ' s car glass business generated $19,352 million, an increase of 8.3 per cent over the previous year.
The floating glass is an important raw material for automobile glass, the company produces the floating glass, which is largely self-supporting, with less external sales, and the floating glass export revenue accounts for about 1.5 per cent of the company’s total revenue.
Figure 2: Share of income per company ' s business (iii) recorded robust growth, with a high profit rate of 21.1 per cent a year on average; net profits were affected by macroeconomics and the rate of increase fluctuated in individual years (2005, 2005)
The Māori rate and net interest rates have remained high. Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates have remained largely high at 40% and 20% over the last decade.
The Division is still in the early stages of consolidation, due to a lower Māori rate; acquisitions also resulted in higher financial costs, with further increases in the three rates, figure 6: Māori and net interest rates for companies, figure 7: Three cost rates for companies
(iv) From home to abroad, the global business profile has initially evolved, and domestic revenue has continued to grow faster than downstream automobile production, while overseas revenues have remained faster. By region, the company’s global business profile was initially formed in 2018, and the share of overseas revenue is expected to rise further in the future.
As domestic car sales slow down, companies will gradually shift their focus of power to overseas markets. It is planned that the company’s total capacity of overseas workers will increase from the current 4.4 million to 8.5 million units over the next two years, an increase of 93.2%, and further additional investment, depending on the market situation.
With the gradual release of production capacity from overseas plants, we expect that the company’s overseas revenues will continue to grow at a faster rate.
The founder and chairman of the company, Tsao Dewang, currently holds 16.95% of the company’s shares directly or indirectly and is actually in control of the company; the Csao family (Csao De Wang, his wife Chen Feng)
The founder, the chairman, and Cao De-Wang, the leader of the company, who has grown in strength over the past three decades, will be responsible for the strategy and major decisions of the company for a longer period of time. With regard to the successors, Cao DeWang is taking charge of the media, such as the Internet.
According to the interview, “Cao Cao Cao’s plan as a future successor will not waver, and Cao Cao will gradually take over and participate in the day-to-day management of the company’s operations.
The beauty, safety, and comfort of a car's glass are at stake. As the car evolves, the importance of the car's glass increases, mainly in terms of both “volume” and “price” upgrades: (1) single-car glass use continues to increase: by application, the car glass can be divided into front windshields, rear windshields,
The front door glass, back door glass, skylight glass, etc., is now about a third of the car's surface area. According to the Gestapo Motors Network, the use of single-car glass has increased by 10-20% every decade since the 1950s, and this trend is still continuing, mainly from the windshield (a large tilt of the front windshield has increased the size of the glass) and the landscape.
The use of windows (approximately 0.5 to 0.8 square metres) is being promoted. For example, the total size of the skylights is currently only about 23 per cent for the domestic car market and less than 12 per cent for the autonomous brand skylights. According to the report on the consumption of the Weybuster skylights, consumers are paying increasing attention to the skylights, with 90 per cent of consumers considering the size of the skylights when changing cars in the future.
The penetration rate of windshields and panoramic skylights has continued to increase, and there is still much room for increasing the use of vehicle glass.
Figure 15: Permeability of vehicle-type panoramic windows in various sectors of the country (2) Automotive glass is gradually becoming more functional: with the increase in consumer demand for car glass performance and the development of glass manufacturing techniques, intelligent and functional glass of various kinds is emerging, such as plating glass, hud, soundproof glass, odious water glass, modulation
High-end glass, such as light glass, heating glass, antenna glass, is emerging in a growing number of new models; in particular, the development of new-energy vehicles imposes higher requirements on car glass, and demand for high-end glass, such as light quantification and intelligence, is growing rapidly, leading to a gradual increase in the average price of car glass.
(ii) Industry is growing steadily, and global market space has broken out into hundreds of billions of dollars, and car glass market space is expected to continue to expand steadily. Autoglass is divided by market into new car apparel (oem) and post-sale (am). Except for two key indicators: single-car glass usage and glass average price, oem markets
The size of the market depends on vehicle output, and the size of the market depends on vehicle holdings, i.e., oem market space = vehicle output x single car Average glass price: am market space = car holdings x glass volume x average glass price. For oem and am, we measure the market space separately:
Oem market space measurement: Domestic oem: 1 per cent down to 2.74 million vehicles in 2019, 4.5 m2 of glass per vehicle, glass, $134 m/m2 average; small recovery in vehicle production in 2020 and 2021, glass and glass per vehicle
The average price has risen at an annual rate of about 1.5%. Global oem: between 0.4% and 95.62 million vehicles in 2019, glass 5.3 m2 per vehicle, glass 211 RMB/m2. In 2020 and 2021, motor vehicle production picked up slightly, glass and glass.
As a result, the size of the domestic and global oem markets will go beyond $18.2 billion and $114 billion, respectively, in 2021, and the domestic stock will increase by 7 to 257 million in 2019, single-car glass capacity by 0.08 square metres and glass by 2018.
\triangleright averaged 154 yuan per square metre: vehicle holdings decreased slightly in 2020 and 2021, and the use of glass per vehicle increased at an annual rate of about 1.5 per cent.
Global am: Automobile holdings grew by 1.8 per cent to 1,406 million in 2019, glass usage was 0.08 m2 and glass averaged 241 m2; vehicle holdings decreased slightly in 2020 and 2021, and glass usage increased at an annual rate of about 1 per cent.
In the next three years, the size of the carbon market will continue to grow at 3-5% per year, and the industry has not yet peaked. By region, we measure that the size of the domestic car glass market will rise from 18.8 billion yuan in 2018 to 21.8 billion yuan in 2021, with a high annual rate of concentration due to high barriers and oligopoly patterns in the industry.
In terms of competition, there is a clear oligopolistic pattern in both domestic and global automobile glass markets, which are dominated by a small number of big players. In the domestic automotive glass market, Fukuyo is the only one with a 63% market share, and the top five companies in the industry.
In the global car glass market, Japan has the highest share of the market for Xu Nia, China's glass, Japan's titanium and France's three companies, San Goban, with a total of 82 per cent of the top five companies.
Figure 19: Patterns of competition in the domestic automotive glass market (2017) The underlying causes of the pattern of monopolistic competition are the high barriers to entry in the car industry. We believe that the pattern of competition in the car glass industry is inextricably linked to the high barriers to entry behind the industry, which are reflected mainly in the following three points:
(1) Production start-up costs are high: glass transport is more difficult and often requires close proximity to the mainframe plant. According to the company’s Hong Kong Stock Exchange, building a million-save car glass production capacity in China, Europe and the United States would cost 200 million yuan, 50 million euros and 70 million euros, respectively, while matching floating glass production capacity would require an additional 300 million yuan and 100 million euros, respectively.
Euro150 million. High production start-up costs impose higher requirements on the financial volume of the enterprise. (2) Product certification cycles are long: it takes about three years to obtain an entire package of orders from scratch, including procedures for product safety and quality certification in countries, certification of auto mainframes, product bidding, design and testing, which means that it takes about three years to complete an investment.
With the production line, it is still difficult for new entrants to recover their costs in the short term. (3) The demand for research and development is high: with the emergence of globalized procurement and the emergence of a pattern of collaboration between the whole car and the parts industry, major car firms require that car parts and components companies have the capacity to develop simultaneously or even ahead of time.
Upgrading also requires constant investment by producers in research and development to adapt to product upgrading trends, which creates new entrants lacking research and development capabilities. The high start-up costs of the automotive glass industry, long investment recovery periods, and constant capital investment to maintain the production line and develop new products are very unfriendly to new entrants. At the same time, car glass has a high “non-alternative” level, like fast-out products.
It's less likely that they will be completely subverted by other alternatives. Therefore, we expect future competition in the car glass market to continue between the five major players that exist. (iv) Complimentary analysis of the three core competitive advantages.
We believe that, after many years of development, firms have developed three main competitive advantages (high business concentration, low production costs, high capital input) and are expected to replace competitors in overseas markets.1
In the main business, one glass of glass is extremely high. Compared to the four other competitors, the company's income and assets are relatively small, but its business is highly focused, with revenue from the car glass business accounting for up to 95% of total revenue, well above 26% of Xuixiko, 51% of Tsumi, 5% of San Goiban and 27% of Sini Glass. As Cao Dewang said, Fukuyo “does not forget the first time.
The heart, the heart, the greed, the luxury, has always been focused, and has always been strong, convinced of the philosophy of the flow of water and water. By focusing on the impact of scale and the experience of production management, it has brought about the advantage of low production costs. Figure 22: The five big balloons and the comparison of the size of the asset (2017)
SIGHT II: Low production costs Production: Deep layout: “Silicon sand floating glass-glassing equipment twirling car glass-forming” whole-of-industry chain. Companies focus on car glass, extending from car glass upwards, deep in silicon sands, floating glass, car glass-making equipment, etc.
Dhi Ku, which reduces production costs through home-made production of key raw materials and equipment. Since then, core raw material floating glass has been self-financed, and is one of the few glass producers in the country that can produce car-grade floats with a thickness of less than 2.3 mm, with a current self-supply ratio of 80% to 90% of corporate floating glass.
(2) Silicon sands, which account for about 8% of the cost of floating glass production, are an important raw material for floating glass. The company has three silicon sand plants in Hainan Wenchan, Hunan Luang Pu, Liaoning Ben Creek, which, on the one hand, guarantee a steady supply of silicon sand and, on the other hand, reduce the cost of producing floating glass.
(3) More than 70% of the company’s mechanical processing equipment is produced for autonomous research and development, such as glass formation, cleaning, slicing, automation, etc. Self-made equipment has been widely used in the production process. The cost of the company’s own-made equipment is only one-fourth of the cost of external procurement. Through self-researched self-contained equipment, the company has placed the core vehicle glass production technology in its own hands, while also reducing the cost of external equipment procurement.
Management: Use of smart production management, learning from good firms, constantly reducing production costs and improving production efficiency. Through the introduction of lean management, improved production processes, cutbacks on production costs, companies have a higher Māori rate than their competitors.
Working together, the corporate strategy of “a group-wide effort to bring in the management of excellence” has been defined. Through executive management, the company has gradually developed a continuously improved management system for its own benefit, and has become a global elite champion of “high-quality, low-cost, flexible delivery, learning organization” in the automobile industry.
(ii) Learning from advanced upstream and downstream firms about cost management capabilities. Companies continue to learn from advanced upstream and downstream firms about cost management capabilities and optimize production processes and detail design. According to Foxnet, in a given year they want a Japanese supplier to cut prices by 15%, and Japan initially disagrees.
So the Japanese send the most specialized personnel to help improve production processes and control output, and soon the company’s costs will drop by about 20%, with both achieving a win-win outcome. By learning about its management capabilities on a continuous basis from upstream and downstream firms, the company has developed a demanding process of cost-control management that continues to this day.
(3) Repeated negotiations with suppliers to reduce costs within maximum liquidity. Every year companies negotiate prices repeatedly with major suppliers in order to control costs.
That's what Mr. Cao said about the second place behind the decimal point. It's still because we have only a share in the renminbi, and we don't know what we're talking about.” Three advantages: capital investment, high capital and high R & D investment, and continued consolidation of product quality and technological leadership. As already mentioned, capital investment in the automotive glass industry.
In 2018, corporate capital expenditure amounted to 3,592 million yuan, or 17.76 per cent of total revenue; and research and development costs amounted to 888 million yuan, or 4.39 per cent of total revenue.
Figure 28: Capital expenditures of the five big bobs as a percentage of operating income Figure 29: R & D costs of the five big bobs as a share of operating income (2018) The three core competitive advantages form an enhanced loop and are increasingly self-enhanced.
Strong circuits: through a high degree of focus on major industries, to maximize the scale effect and production management experience, resulting in sustained reductions in production costs; lower production costs, which give companies a better profitability than competitors, while good managerial competencies give the public a more stable cash flow; more surpluses and cash can be used again to expand production or develop new products.
With about 20% of the company’s global market, we believe that the company has the power to compete with its overseas giants, and that there is much room for a greater global market share. Three, the volume price rise – the new capacity release – and the global market share rise.
In 2018, as a result of the low performance of the domestic car market (4.16% of domestic automobile production), the domestic growth rate in the company ' s car glass business slowed to zero. The share of corporate car products in the domestic market now stands at 63%, and there is relatively limited room for raising the share of the domestic market, but it has benefited from an increase in the use of bicycle glass compared to the rest (overagesellingprice, average product prices) of the country ' s future.
Income growth is expected to remain higher than downstream car sales. Increase in volume: single-car glass use has increased by 1.4 per cent over the last 10 years, now reaching 4.8 square metres, as a result of improved glass manufacturing technology and increased consumer demand for driving experience and functionality.
Me, and the company, using the latest glass-mixing, bag-side total integration technology, can maximize the size of the entire skylight window to nearly three square metres. With the extension of the windshield and the panorama window, there is still some room for raising the company’s car glass demand in the future. Prices increase: the company has developed, for example, hud ups showing glass, soundproof glass, odious water glass, spd light glass, etc.
High-value-added car glass products, such as plating glass, ultra-UV-insulated glass, rose to about 33% in 2018 compared to the previous year. The higher-value-added glass product benefited from an upswing, the company ' s continuously rising car glass, and the demand for high-value-added car glass from 2014 is expected to increase further.
Figure 32: Prices: Corporate car glass unit prices continue to rise Domestic revenue: in line with trends in the automotive glass industry, revenues are increasing faster than downstream vehicle production through the “ups” and “upscaling” of products. Compared to the growth in domestic revenue and domestic automobile production in the last five years, the country has seen a rise in domestic revenue between 2014 and 2018
This trend is expected to continue in the future through the “ups” and “upscaling” of products. (ii) Foreign increases: US, Russian plant output released 24.42% more revenue from corporate car glass overseas in 2018 than in China.
As the company’s new overseas factory capacity is gradually released, the company’s global city share is expected to continue to rise. Russian factories: Bridgehead for Europe.
But, as a result of the US economic sanctions against Russia that year, general-purpose and other car factories stopped production, leading to negative growth in Russian car production for three consecutive years beginning in 2014, which has had a significant negative impact on the profitability of the Fyo Russian project. Currently, Russian factories produce about 1.3 million units, about half of which are exported to Europe; according to company plans, Russian factories will serve as marchers to Europe.
Fort Bridge, the company will increase its investment in Russian factories from 2019, increasing production capacity from 1.3 million to 3 million in the next two years. With the gradual recovery of the Russian car market and the increase in exports to Europe, Russia’s project profitability is expected to improve continuously.
U.S. Factories: The loss has been reversed and the elasticity of performance has begun. In 2013, the company invested $200 million in the U.S. state of Ohio to build a car glass production base, acquired two floating glass lines from the U.S. appg Industries in 2014 for $56 million, and invested an additional $200 million to upgrade them into car-grade floating glass.
By 2018, net profits had risen to RMB 246 million. According to the company’s plan, US plant capacity would be raised from the current 3.1 million to 5.5 million.
Figure 40: U.S. Plant Energy Planning (III) is expected to increase market shares, revenues, and Māori rates simultaneously.
In the United States, for example, the cost of labour in the United States is about 30% higher than in the country, but the cost of energy (electricity, gas, etc.) is only about a third of the country’s total, while the products produced and sold in the United States are exempt.
Taxes, shipping, etc. So, in aggregate, if the future U.S. factory capacity is released, product success rates are gradually rising, the U.S. car glass ratio may be slightly higher than domestic exports. The Chinese-American trade war has limited impact on companies by sharing tariffs with customers and benefiting from the devaluation of the renminbi.
In the US, which is about 1.5 billion yuan, the company has agreed to pay half of its own customs duties to its customers, and some of them can apply to the US government for a tariff exemption (fukuyo is also exempt from customs duties), without which the company would be properly priced. In the short term, the company would have to pay part of the additional tariffs (partly borne by the customer, partly offset by a product increase, 2018).
The company will assume additional tariffs of around 20 million yuan a year, while the renminbi will be subject to further downward pressure during the trade war, and the resulting exchange gains will also have an impact on the tariff escalation of the hedge; in the long run, the company will transfer more of its capacity to the mainland of the United States, gradually reducing it, and four, the acquisition of German sam will open up new opportunities for growth.
In January 2019, the company acquired the German company Sam, which is in liquidation for 58,821.76 million euros. The company ' s main product, the bauxite, sold about 280 million euros a year, owned 11 factories in Germany and Mexico and employed more than 1900 people globally, with major clients including the general public, Porsche, BMW, BMW.
Benz, General, Masrati, psa, Volvo, and other world-renowned car companies. Sam has more than 100 patents in the area of aluminum bars, and does not fade from year to year.
Figure 42: Sam ' s recent net profits (in euros) Figure 43: German sam main product Figure 44: German sam main product
Sam's bankruptcy: mismanagement broke the money chain, and a fire broke. Sam's bankruptcy is more business-level: (1) Sam's founder is a technocrat and he's not good at running a company; (2) Sam's running up to 11 factories in Germany and Mexico, and the unjustified location of the premises further complicates the company's management and leads to money for bad business.
The chain was broken; (3) a fire broke at the end of 2018, burning an entire production line in one of the factories, which became the last straw to crush the camels. The reasons for the successful acquisition were the German public’s support and its own good slogans. (1) German public support: Germany’s support.
The public is the first customer of Sam, who has a higher voice in the disposition of Sam's assets, and the public is the first customer to be blessed, who has worked with Fukuyo for a long time, recognized the company's good management capacity, and invited the company to acquire Sam in bankruptcy liquidation. (2) Sam's approval of Fyoyo: Fyo has proposed a complete integrated rehabilitation programme for Sam, such as the 11 jobs that currently exist in Sam.
In an interview with phoenix, President Cao DeWang praised the acquisition of German sam: "Sam's aluminum strip is a valuable piece, and it's a value set of glass.
Several times. Because it can't be managed well, and if it's managed well, it's going to be worth tens of billions a year, probably bigger than Fukuyo.” Even to put it bluntly, “Take down sam is equivalent to creating a new group of bounties.” In our view, the acquisition of sam is meant for companies (1) to expand the range of products and open up the space for growth: the value of the sam aluminum package is about $200, close to 200 dollars.
Three times the value of car glass bicycles. With domestic agile groups, the annual income from agile aluminium apparel business is about 3.5 billion yuan, and the Māori rate is about 35 per cent. Since the sam is still in the early stages of integration, 2019q1 and its income is only 140 million yuan yuan (net profit is negative). As integration deepens, sam ' s income and profits have greater scope to improve, and new business development will be blessed.
(ii) Increasing product integration to better meet client requirements: Sam ' s window aluminium splendor can be integrated with the car glass produced by the company, facilitating the assembly of the mainframe plant, in line with current trends in the integration of vehicle spare parts supply and product modularization.
(3) Global markets are further opened with sam as an entry point: sam operates mainly in Europe and the Americas, and Fukuyo can reach out to its existing clients in Europe and the Americas, in line with corporate globalization strategies.
Based on the foregoing analysis, we assume that the company ' s operations are as follows: (1) automobile glass operations: release of output through higher product volumes and overseas plant capacity, maintenance of robust income growth, Māori rate (2) floating glass operations: income continues to grow steadily and the Māori rate slightly increases;
(3) Samm Aluminium Array operations: As factories are integrated and remodeled, sam operations are on track to create synergies with the company's main production, income is expected to grow faster and the Māori rate is gradually returning to higher levels; (4) Other operations: according to historical trends, income has increased somewhat and the Māori rate has remained at the same level.
(ii) The low-value and high-scoring margin to provide security is 13 times the size of the division (ttm), which is at the bottom of the valuation for the last three years and is below the average for the automobile industry and a share. The high-scoring ratio highlights the value of the long-term configuration.
Figure 49: The company ' s share of dividends is much higher than the industry and a share average in the last 10 years and figure 50: The company ' s share rate is much higher than the average of the automobile industry and a share; steady growth, low valuation, high dividends, and high-quality long-line investments.
The company's auto glass industry is expected to continue to grow steadily; the acquisition of aluminium apparel from German sam opens up new advantages and has a high long-term investment value. We maintain an investment rating of its “buy-in-a” investment.
Cost policies landed later than expected, leading to continued low consumption demand and the possibility of further declines in domestic automobile sales.2 China-United States trade disputes exacerbate the risk that companies currently export about $1.5 billion directly to the United States, that companies each bear half of their own tariffs, and that further tariff increases, or restrictions on imports and exports of related products, will result in net gains for companies if China-United States trade disputes intensify.
Three, overseas plant capacity release is not as fast as expected: the company ' s American plant, Russian plant and German sam are still in the process of climbing or integrating their capacity, if they are released due to external macro-environment, policy changes or management within the company.
Less than expected, this will have a negative impact on the future growth of corporate incomes.