Satellite petrochemicals record a record high in the second quarter, showing a high quality background in a difficult environment, and a record high in the second quarter. According to the semi-annual report, the company became operational in the first half of 2020.
Income was 4,772 million yuan, a decrease of 7.52 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return of 474 million yuan, a decline in the same year, an increase of 2.15 per cent and 28.78 per cent, respectively, which is the highest level ever recorded.
Stable, leading increment, company polypropylene product sales increased by 59.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis and industry revenues by 48.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Strong, the company’s Māori rate for polypropylene products rose by 6.05 percentage points in the first half of the year, and the company’s growth is expected to increase steadily. The 180,000 tons of acrylic acid and 300,000 tons of acrylic esters produced annually are well under construction and are expected to be completed by the third quarter of 2020, and further progress will be made.
The firm is a leader in the c3 industry chain. In addition, the 1.35 million tons of petrochemical pe, 21.9 million tons of eoe, and 260,000 tons of acn projects are well advanced and are expected to start production in the fourth quarter of 2020 and contribute to the company’s performance in 2021.
In order to ensure successful implementation of the project, in February 2020, the company ' s debt was released for the first time, raising $550 million, with a major credit rating of aa+, creating a new low interest rate on the debt of the same type and the private sector since 2019; and $12.8 billion in silver.
On the other hand, the company’s 3 billion dollar equity collection has been approved, and preparations are under way to issue it. These projects are moving ahead in an orderly manner that provides a solid foundation for the company’s future growth.
Future expansion will further increase the company ' s market share in the acrylic acid sector, with light hydrocarbon projects being put into the post-partum phase, significant exchange rate fluctuations affecting the company ' s exchange rate gains and losses; abnormal price fluctuations in oil prices and raw materials affecting the company ' s product prices and Māori; lower-than-expected progress in project construction; and safety and environmental risks.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations Chemical: chemical raw materials
Figure 1. Prices and differentials of acrylene Figure 2. Prices and differentials of polypropylene Figure 3. Prices and differentials of acrylic acid
Figure 4. Prices of acrylic acid and esters