Satellite petrochemicals (002648), second-quarter performance, innovative high-ethylene projects ready for production, satellite petrochemicals.
▪ Events: The company released its semi-annual report for 2020, during which it achieved operating income of $4.77 billion. Of this amount, operating income of $3.12 billion was increased by 21.5 per cent in the first quarter of the second quarter: net profits of $470 million were realized in the first half of the year, with net profits of $430 million in the second quarter and the highest in the first quarter since the company was listed.
The company is the country's largest, world-wide, top five acrylic acids, with an increase of 28.8 per cent over the same year.
The demand and price of polypropylene have grown to the best of bright spots, helping companies to renovate in the second quarter of the first quarter of the year. With the spread of the new crown epidemic worldwide and the second outbreak of the epidemic abroad, masks and industrial links, the ethane fission project is under construction.
But, whether the fibres in the surface surface of the mask or the melting of the middle partition, the next three to six months is a reminder: sprays, the raw material is polypropylene. The surge in demand has created the price of polypropylene in the first half of this year.
The general downward trend of 2020-07-16, approved by the CVM, has not only not fallen significantly, but even the prices for the production of masked polypropylene materials s2040 and polypropylene smelting sprays have risen in the short term.
The price of the entire c3 chain of product rises. The pdh crack spreads to $2911 per ton in the second quarter, ring 2020-02-17 issuing 3-year corporate debt of $550 million
The Department is also active in the fight against disease, increasing the production of fumigated fumes, and securing the supply of raw materials for mask production. The turnover of polypropene products increased by 48.2% over the reporting period, while the Maori rate increased by 6.05% to 6.05% over the reporting period.
In the second quarter, the Division picked up the volume of its products, achieving a net profit of $430 million in the second quarter and the best profit in the single quarter since it was marketed, making a significant contribution to the impact of the quarter on company performance due to spring festivals and the combination of the epidemic.
▪ The company’s stock pressure is reduced and the current situation is expected to continue in the third quarter, with a high consumption season. At present, the public circulation b/h (millions) stock backlog of the company due to the epidemic has been absorbed considerably during the past quarter, and stock pressure has become apparent
The three quarters are expected to mark the boom in traditional consumption of the Golden 9 silver 10, and the overseas demand, which is also expected to recover from the effects of the epidemic, is expected to maintain the current high-profile climate. Prices of raw propane will normally rise as natural gas rises during the heating season, while prices of raw propane will rise in the third quarter.
The price of propane is lower in the low season of natural gas consumption. In the future, crude oil prices are rising, leading to higher prices for polypropylene products, pdh fission and acrylic acid processing prices are expected to widen further.
Quality increases the company’s ability to withstand the risk of price fluctuations in its products. At the same time, years of experience have ensured stability in the company’s production start-up, with the combined Māori rate at industry leaders.
The higher amortized cost of the second stage of delivery, coupled with a two-quarter fire in the polypropylene market, has led to a significant increase in the polypropylene rate. The overall Māori rate for the first half of the company’s other products has remained largely flat compared to the same period last year, and reflects the fact that the company’s second quarter has largely compensated for the negative effects of the new crown epidemic.
It is worth noting that the Māori rate of company-sap products is now largely stable at over 20%, and as the business continues to innovate, it will play a key role in the company’s future development.
The Fragmentation Ethylene Project is proceeding in an orderly manner, and the company has recently completed the transfer and lease signing of the ethane transport vessel, while the release of stocks or the approval of the CVM for approval, with an additional 3 billion dollars for phase one of the Project, will help to ease the financial pressure on the company.
See, the company ' s ethane fission ethylene project is expected to be put into production in the fourth quarter of this year. A major drop in oil prices, major capital cuts by foreign petrochemical companies, and delays in construction of the ethane fission project will not only significantly reduce the pressure on the supply end of the ethane, but also put the company ' s ethylene project into production.
s14801907062 Created an excellent window of time, which is expected to contribute significantly to the company's performance in 2021, with a time-cost advantage and maintenance of the firm's “strongly recommended” rating.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the petrochemical satellite (002648), the launch of the two-quarter performance innovation high-ethylene project, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that satellite petrochemicals (002648); two-quarter performance innovation high ethylene project is ready for production.
Rhodes, cfa, has three years of experience in the chemical industry. A number of international leading academic journals, with five national and international patents, international top crystals, second and first in the public list in 2017, crystal ball in 2018, new analysis in 2019.
Research assistant profile Xu Kunlun.
Both undergraduate and M.A. were in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua, where they worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, and in the Department of Chemical Technology Development and Management at the University of Qinghua, where they published three papers in journals such as Chemicalscience, ccschemistry, and members of the China Chemical Council.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.