This represents an increase of 10.06 per cent; the net return to the mother is $17.9 billion, representing an increase of 19.35 per cent for the same year. The basic gain per share is $2.72.
Poor growth in the industry: the growth rate of corporate air conditioning cards slowed in the next three quarters due to the impact of the high base, with negative growth in July; negative growth in laundry operations in the first quarter; and small household electricity is expected to be comparable to that of the first half of the year. Based on the push of the t+3 strategy, the growth of corporate end-to-ends is more consistent with the growth of retail trade.
It was felt that the ice-washing operations were expected to resume with the strategic adjustments; the air-conditioning and cooking power operations were affected by industry and the unit would continue to operate at a low level compared to the depth of 300, and the growth of small household power operations should be relatively smooth.
Reduction in amortization, product structural upgrading, increase in the Maori rate by almost 2 percentage points in the same year in the first quarter of the third quarter, mainly due to a decrease in amortization due to the acquisition of the cards in the previous period (an estimated decrease of about 1.8 billion dollars in the year); and a third-party increase due to the upgrading of the product structure.
The average retail price of the company’s main product increased significantly. The sales rate was almost the same as the same period last year, with the return-to-calibre management rate rising by 1.7 percentage points. Exchange gains and losses affected the financial cost rate by nearly two percentage points, but foreign exchange forward contract losses were significant, with exchange rate fluctuations resulting in losses of about $700 million in the first three quarters.
Net interest rates for the third quarter of the company increased by about 1.1 percentage points over the same period last year.
The net cash flow of the company ' s operations in the third quarter of the first quarter of the year increased significantly over the previous year, mainly as a result of the second quarter of the year ' s round-up of accounts receivable: $10.2 billion in hand cash (currency funds + other current assets) at the end of the third quarter, an increase of $10 billion over the medium term. Three quarters of the accounts received in advance decreased slightly from the same period last year.
Corporate strategic change opens up space for medium- and long-term development, and good corporate governance lays the foundation for strategic implementation. The company’s proposed exchange of shares for small swans, a program that has yet to be adopted, creates some uncertainty.
The growth rate was robust, the Māori rate was significantly higher and performance was robust, depending on how many business plates developed in tandem; demand slowed in the domestic market; trade friction intensified; exchange rate fluctuations in raw materials and exchange rates; and programme adoption through uncertainty.
(i) Air conditioning: retail trends are weak and average prices are slowing down
49 per cent fell to 27 per cent in the third quarter; the cumulative increase in below-line retail sales fell from 6.6 per cent in the second quarter to between -4 per cent in the third quarter. Industry averages: the increase in average off-line retail prices slowed significantly; below-line retail average prices declined in September. Brand averages: price increases in both on-line and off-line markets weakened in the third quarter, with Heir rising relatively ahead; below-line market prices were raised.
Urban: In terms of market coverage below the line, there was a significant increase in Grigley in September, and the monthly ring ratio of the United States declined. Stockpiles: under our model, the total stock level of channels stood at 20 million at the end of August, with a build-up of 8.58 million.
At the end of August, there were some 12 million GLOBE stocks, and about 3 million US-American stocks (in this case, they were still at a relatively healthy level) in terms of total industry stock levels.
(ii) Laundry machines: slightly slower on-line retailing trends in the industry: a slight slowdown in retail sales in the third quarter compared to the second quarter: cumulative retail sales on-line have been reduced by the same time in the second quarter.
32.2 per cent of the value fell to 27.6 per cent in the third quarter; aggregate retail sales below the line fell from 2.0 per cent in the second quarter to three quarters of the average price of the brand: the upward price trend ring weakened; price increases below the line were divided, the small swan brand remained strong, the sea was relatively stable and the growth of the beautiful brand slowed down.
Figure 45: Trends in average retail prices of various brands on the washing machine line: market share: monthly rings are relatively flat and do not fluctuate. Figure 18: Trends in retail sales below the washing machine line
(iii) Refrigerator: export growth rate improved and average prices increased markedly
The sales grew significantly faster than the sales of other brands, and the retail sales increased significantly faster than the other brands. Average price trends: on the price side, we see a larger increase in prices for both the United States and Mitsubishi, with Heil second.
Figure 19: Increase in retail retail sales by brand in the refrigerator industry (iv) Cooking power: industry growth has declined considerably
Downside, below-line markets are at a low level, but they have not continued to deteriorate. City occupancy: the rise in concentration can help to a certain extent to lead by the phenomenon of small companies in large sectors of cooking and electricity, which has been evident in several property cycles in the past, as a result of a slowdown in the growth of the industry.
But there has been a slight weakening in the lower cycle of the current round of property, and in addition to third-party data, the performance of the leading firms has been on track, as shown in figure 24: Cr4 concentration since 2017, in figure 25: retail sales below the oil-smoking line.
Figure 76: Trends in retail sales under the oil smoker line: (v) Small household electricity: trends are steady, with a marked segregation of the incremental steps 1. Rapidly growing industries: mainly vacuum cleaners and blenders, with an increase of around 40 per cent.
2. Sectors with higher rates of growth: the power kettle and wetter industries, with rates of between 15 and 20 per cent.3 Industries with slower rates of growth, with rates of between 0 and 10 per cent, such as power pressure cookers, rice cookers, microwaves, etc..4 Industries with lower rates of growth, with generally negative growth, such as empty, electromagnetic stoves, electric ovens and juicers, are among the sectors with lower rates of growth.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Marko, graduate from the University of Nankai in 2011 and enter civil securities for strategic studies. From 2014 to date, the author has been transferred to the household electricity industry.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,