American Group (000333): In-depth series report (ii) Merger of American Group with Small Swan from a Product Perspective □ On October 23, the United States announced that it would absorb a share of the issue to the Consolidated Swan; on November 21st, the United States announced that it would take up a share in the merger of small swans.
Once again, the small swans and the beautiful publish an announcement to raise shareholder returns, with the aim of allowing small and medium-sized investors to agree to America's stock exchange scheme, and to highlight the determination of the beautiful swans to merge. Beyond the issues of association trading, industry making bottles, necks, cash flow, we analyse why the beautiful group chose to merge the small days from the point of view of the product.
□ High-end market growth is weak, and rivals are turning from masquerading to big industry Heir. We believe that the current stage is already weak in terms of high-speed growth of small swans, and that the current competitor has changed from a masquerading, foreign branding, to industry giant Haile, especially in high-end markets where small swans have launched high-end products like Beverly, single.
It says that washing machines are less functional, varied, quantitatively than Heir's Casati, and that Casati is a high-end brand of the whole class of products covering washing machines, refrigerators, air conditioners, cooking power, household appliances, etc., and small swans can't be counterbalanced. As the competition changes, small swans are the sole subject of a single company.
The urgency of brand integration. By combining it, the United States group uses the brand value of small swans to increase confidence in the consumption of their products.
Cards, the brand matrix is becoming clear and perfected to help beautiful groups meet consumer-specific needs; small swans can be better positioned in the face of the Hel high-end brand of Casati and America’s own iTechnologist’s electric high-end colmo.
New patterns of the age of the Internet. With the maturity of mobile Internet and cloud computing, the development of artificial intelligence, and the commercialization of 5g communications, the best time for intelligent homekeeping has just arrived, from a single product to a family scene, attracting many businesses, and the giants are accelerating the layout, for example.
In terms of the future of the home power industry, smart homes based on artificial intelligence, big data, and a network of things are a trend. For beauty, it's a good time to play chess when smart households are not set in the market.
The code is higher. Consumer acceptance of the newly introduced m. iot and the high-end colmo takes time, while the small swans have been intelligent for years, and the beautiful combined swans can help it push faster into the new industrial Internet platform m.lot and the altech tech high-end colmo: For the small sky
In the case of Zhao, not being better integrated into the United States as a brand, as a product, may be able to look for higher growth opportunities and fly with the wind of a smart home. □ “All things in the past are in order.” For the United States, small swans are more than just quality under the flag.
Assets, and even more important brands for the development of integrated home-based enterprises, are an important part of their drive for high-end globalization: for small swans, they no longer exist individually as brands, and enjoy better group resources. The combination of beauty and small swans is a process of mutual integration.
We have a strong view of the development of America’s conglomerate after the merger of small swans. The company’s 2018, 2019 ps: On October 23, America’s group issued an announcement that it would absorb shares of a share and small swans.
After the merger is completed, the small swans will cease to be listed and will be decriminalized, and the United States consortium or its wholly-owned subsidiary will take over the entire assets, liabilities, operations, personnel, and assets of the small swan.
After the announcement, the American group and the small swan will double-twice on October 29, and the retrace will be made on the same day.
On November 21st, the small swan and the US announced another announcement. The small swan-owned American group proposed that the small swan would be formally implemented before the merger was approved by the CSRC.
A cash bonus of 4 yuan per share of cash; the United States group-held United States shareholder, United States Holdings Limited, proposed that the annual cash-sharing bonus be paid as part of the consolidated statement for the year when the first annual bonus would be received by the United States following the completion of the merger.
The share of net profits attributable to the general shareholders of listed companies will be increased in 2017, with the specific share to be determined by the United States group in the context of its own business, and the share to be split between the small swan and the United States group will increase the shareholder return to the small and medium-sized.
Investors have agreed to a fair-share merger, highlighting the determination to merge small swans. We believe that the big family that privatizes small swans and fully integrates them into the United States can make this “swan” fly even higher, and that the group of beautifuls is more advanced on its own path to technologicalization and globalization.
1. The beauty of the history of small swans, one of the most favoured targets of the capital market, does not perform well. The small swan main camp, established in 1993 and listed in 1996, was a washing machine in its early years.
In the wake of the increasing saturation of the market for washing machines and competitive incentives, prices were lowered, and companies issued successive performance warnings stating that “the profits in 2001 were more than 50 per cent lower than in 2000” that “the Department's board of directors expected a loss in business performance in 2002”. Small swans also diversified.
With regard to air conditioning, the mini-box air conditioner was introduced in 2001 and “intelligent straight” air conditioners and central air conditioners in 2002; with respect to refrigerators, 160,000 refrigerators were sold in 2002; other small swans, such as dishwashers, water heaters, etc., were involved. However, they were diversified.
The changes did not improve the loss of the swan, which was on April 30, 2003 when the company took the st-face off the market. Conducive thinking, the swans began to break the wrists, terminated the sale of the dishwasher project and subsidiary air conditioners for five years, stripped of the lost assets, and once again specialized in the washing machine.
The stock structure of the company was also reversed in late 2003, with shareholders moving from the Nino City State Finance Committee to Svet, back to the U.S. State Finance Committee to the U.S. Federation Development Group, and finally to the U.S.A. in 2008.
Electricals hold 24,01% of the small swans as their first shareholder, and now the American conglomerates have 52,67% of the small swans directly or indirectly. “Beyond leadership, efficiency drive, global operations” is a comprehensive strategic transformation of the three main axes, small swans.
The revenue and net profits are growing steadily in step-by-step form. From the $7 billion that was taken by the United States, the market value of the small swans is now nearly 30 billion, with four times the value added.
As the best asset under the banner of beauty, the swans grew up in the first wave of upgrades to upgrade the industry. As early as 1991, they had 80,60 units in the city of laundry machines (11 in the countryside) and 0.7 in the town of air-conditioning.
In 2012, there were 98.02 units in the town of washing machines, 67.22 units in the village, and 126.81 units in the village of air-conditioning, but only 25.36 units in the countryside.
Electricity is the only standard, and after 2012, air conditioning in the rural market was in a very large amount of incremental space at the beginning of penetration, while the limited amount of washing machine capacity began to enter the stock market and the demand for upgrading began to become the main demand, the most obvious example of which was the increase in the sales of roller washing machines.
In the past, the washing machines were mainly wave-wheeled, while the roller was an upgrade to the washing machine category, which was more functionally water efficient, protective of clothing, and cleaner. From 2012 to the first half of 2018, the overall monthly sales of the washing machine decreased by the same amount, while the roller was always insured.
Growth: Roller washing machines accounted for only about 15 per cent of the entire laundry industry at the beginning of 2012, and as the roller washing machine accounted for 45 per cent of sales in the entire washing machine industry, it also played a growing role in pulling sales in the entire washing machine industry.
The young swan seizes this wave of upgrading from the wheels to the rollers, takes advantage of its own product, borrows advantage from the American conglomerates, takes advantage of the gap between the high-end transformation at Haile, and takes the market at low- and medium-priced drum washing machines from various brands and foreign brands. The small swans are shrinking with Hal.
The gap, in 2017, was even 30.41% higher than Heir’s market share. But this year, small swans began to make a positive move toward the mid-to-high end, and Heil moved to the lower-to-low end of the market, where the market share was again spread by Heila.
The swans would rather risk falling market access than moving to the top, mainly domestic electricity, market demand was starting to fall, the laundry industry went down from last year in January to September, and the rollers went down significantly; the refrigerator industry had gone down on the same scale in two consecutive years.
The rate of growth in the industry has fallen from two digits last year to the number of digits this year. Reflecting the company’s financial statements, the small swans have not been able to sustain double-digit growth, with the previous three seasons showing a decrease of 23.52 pct from 9.01% in the same period last year.
But high-end markets have a lot of room for growth, and the high Maori, branding, and reputation of high-end products attracts firms into the market. The first three quarters of Haile’s growth rate has declined, but its high-end brand, Kasati, has continued to grow at a high rate, with revenue growth in the previous three quarters.
49%. The pull-up of high-end products kept Heir as a whole growing in double digits, 15.9% in refrigerator operations, 16.2% in washing machines and 15.7% in air conditioning operations.
36%, the share of the roller washing machine is 77% and the share of the air conditioner market is $16,000 and the laundry industry is starting a second wave of upgrades. In the context of the growth of the roller washing machine, the multi-purpose washing machine, the multi-purpose washing machine, the dryer, the air wash, etc., is driving the industry.
The average price rises, and Hal can see that high-end product support companies are growing well and generating significant profits, and that the power companies need to seize this opportunity. Although the swans are launching high-end products like Beverly, they say the washing machine is functional, functional, type, quantity.
It's weaker than Casati, and it's a high-end brand with a variety of products, including washing machines, refrigerators, air conditioners, cooking power, household appliances, etc., and it's more difficult to counter the power of a single swan. With the small swan washing machine competition, the foreign brand has changed from a majestic brand to a single one.
It's hard to get higher than that. 3, The urgency of brand integration.
Qingdao Haile has a clear brand line, and the company has six major brands at this stage: Heil is supported, leads down, leads upwards, Qasati, Japan aqua, new.
Westland fisher&paykels, USA Gepplicances.
Professionals, aqua's main power for high-end markets in Japan; and 2, owner brands and outward brands form strong and complementary relationships, such as Casati's ability to build on Japan's aqua, New Zealand's market & paykel, the mature marketing system in the United States of America, and the three outward brands.
A multi-tier brand matrix, with a clear positioning of brands, meets the market demand at different levels of consumption and raises firms.
Long-term competitiveness deepens the moat. Compared to Heardo’s multi-product scheme, the United States’ existing home brands are excluded from the acquisition of home brands, toshiba, aeg and basic brands, which are based mainly on full product development.
Singles, including the central air-conditioned Italian clivet, small swans in washing machines, and high-end brands like "Beverley" and "Fanthello" in refrigerators. In the early days of branding, single products were easier to do, but now, in a highly competitive market environment in my country's electricity sector, sales models.
The shift in sales from the line-up line to the two-line combination and the creation of intelligent home-dressing, consumption, and changes in habits and consumer groups have made the market more fragmented, which is not conducive to a single product list, and the company expects to launch the iTech high-end colmo in December this year.
The swan's high-end brand is a shock to Beverly. There's a strong enemy, Cassartine, and so on.
Moreover, the promotion of an autonomous brand has always been one of America’s corporate goals. Mergers and acquisitions of overseas brands can help companies actively expand their markets abroad, so that they can “go out” and build their own brands.
Success is more a reflection of corporate power. Small swans, with the help of the United States, have been more competitive over the past decade, with the power of product development, brand beauty, and so on. By combining, American conglomerates use the brand value of small swans to increase confidence in the consumption of their products.
4. The advent of the Internet as the core and foundation of the Internet, with users deferring to items and goods for information exchange and communication, is the development of the world information industry after computers and the Internet.
The power industry is an important area of development in the age of the Internet, as early as 2014, when smart sound boxes were placed on the market, the concept of smart home began to enter the eyes of people, and intelligent home-based products, based on the app+wifi model of mobile phones, were on the rise.
But with the maturity of mobile Internet and cloud computing, artificial intelligence, the commercialization of 5g communications, the best time for intelligent homekeeping is just now, and objects that move from individual products to family scenes attract many businesses, even bigger ones.
Speeding up the layout, like the rice that started with the Internet, the Heir of the traditional electric tap, and the beauty. 4.1 millimeter: "ai empowers, everything connects." The Mi Group pioneered the concept of "ai+iot" ingenuity.
The main battalion is a cell phone operation, which establishes a good user base; then produces small household electricity such as small audio boxes, floor-scan robots, etc., which expands the user base: air conditioners, refrigerators, oil smokers, gas stoves, water heaters, water purification units, etc., which enrich their applications; and finally, everyone + small household power + small power + small
Smart products such as Mimon locks, light bulbs, etc. + Internet-based home-circles are built with small voice boxes. At present, i'a fully empowered iiot platform and iot smart hardware have become a new engine for small rice growth, and according to the three-quarterly paper, the company iot has generated $10.8 billion in revenues from consumer products.
The US dollar, which grew by 89.8% over the same period, has increased to 21.3% over the same period last year, and has supported nearly 2,000 items of equipment, bringing the number of smart equipment connections to 132 million, the world’s largest. The construction of smart homes by Mi is an “open” attitude that not only supports rice products.
The iot system is also open to the public. On November 28th this year, at its Midc Congress, it was announced that, in partnership with IKEA as a global strategy, IKEA's future system-wide lighting products would be connected to Mi-da-app and Love-chan voice control, with IKEA as the largest household in the world, with a wide range of coordinated client groups.
The light bulbs, though small, are "Starfires can be turned on," and it can be imagined that lighting as an entry point will make rice's iot family scene more full. 4.2 Hal: Three platform builders network ecology.
Mi is active on iot, traditional electric taps are not weak, and Hale is already building an intelligent home eco-circle. Qingdao Haile launched the world’s first intelligent living system – the u+ intelligent life operating system – in March 2014 and built the country’s first home power movement in 2015.
The end-user platform “go-by”, in 2016, developed an autonomous smart cloud-making platform — cosmoplat, which until now is based on three main platforms: the u+ smart life cloud platform, the cosmopiat industrial interactive cloud platform, and the social interactive platform.
Figure 11: Hale's three main platforms to build the Internet ecology 4.3 dollars: branding high and the industrial Internet as a new strategic direction.
Think about it. Swans launched a global first item network washing machine in 2010, but were only listed in the United States in a more mature application environment; until 2014, the United States group promoted the m-smart smart home strategy, actively opened up third-party access and started to build up products like air conditioning, cooking power, etc.
Building networking technology; deepening the profile of intelligent people in 2016, establishing strategic partnerships with such companies as Huai Sun, working with real estate such as Hengjiang, Paulie and Beguio Park to increase investment in lighting, air purification, etc.; this year, the American group at its 50th-Year Strategic Vision launch meeting
Sharing new American industrial Internet platforms, m. iot, and i.e. technologist high-end colmo, using brand high-end and industrial Internet as the direction of companies’ future strategies. From the perspective of the home power industry, intelligence based on artificial intelligence, big data, and network of things.
Home is a trend. For beauty, it's a good time to play chess in the big part of the smart market, but more leverage is needed for the big players. Consumer acceptance of the new m.iot and high-end colmo takes time, while the little swans are intelligent.
The process has been under way for many years, and the merger of small swans can help it move faster on the new industrial Internet platform m. iot and ai technologist high-end colmo; for small swans, it may be possible to find more than one brand and product-based group network ecology.
High growth opportunities, flying with the wind of a smart home. The America’s group privatized the swan, a phrase that says, “All things in the past are in order.” The beauty of the swans, too.
Ping. For a beautiful group, swans are not just good assets under the flag, but also important brands for the development of integrated home appliances, and are an important part of the process of high-end globalization; for a small swan, they no longer exist as brands individually and enjoy beauty.
Group resources. The combination of beauty and swans is a process that we see strongly as a group that combines the development of small swans. The company is expected to do the same in 2018 and 2019. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Within six months of the report ' s release, the company/industry growth and decline was compared to the previous index/subsidiary rise and decline over the same period. Synchronous markets: the rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuated between ~5% and ~5%; no change would occur. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, information or observations in the report.
There is no interest in evaluating or recommending securities. My companies and their associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to offer investment banking services or other services.