A breakthrough in overseas operations, increased profitability \triangleright core parts autonomously contribute to net profits.
\triangleright unswervingly captures the market. During the first half of the year, the company achieved operating income of $51.28 billion, divided into operations: 1) Internationalized vehicle cranes raised revenue by 13.91 percentage points compared to the same ratio, and internationalized cranes with the same income ratio.
66.6% upgrade, market ownership leading the running industry; 2) earthworks: 1.300 billion yuan, yoy - role of components such as casting, four wheels and electric machines in technology autonomy, guaranteed supply books, first half of the year, 66.31% of hydraulic tank interiors, 48.97% of small dig valves and medium-draw valves
The Ministry ' s supply ratio is 70.54 per cent, the interior of the bridge is 77.72 per cent, the internal supply of the four rounds is 93.79 per cent, and the self-supply ratio of spare parts is increasing to varying degrees. The core spare parts industry, while steadily improving its quality, continues to expand its external market, with an overall external revenue growth of 32.9 per cent.
The structure of the overseas system has changed, and global operations have continued to break out. The company's export earnings have reached an all-time high in the first half of the year, and 2. Xu's machinery (000425.sz) has been reported in the first quarter of 2022.
The output shows a growth of nearly 100%. High-altitude platforms, machinery, fire trucks have grown by more than 300% over the same year, all floors have increased by more than 100% with vehicle hangers, port hangers, skating loaders have increased by 100% over the same time, and trackers have been suspended, mine digs, rollers 3. Xu Engineering machines (000425.sz) have reported an evaluation for the year 2021:
Over 50% growth in machines, stalls, concrete mixers, 20% increase in excavators, cross-country suspensions, etc. Overseas firms, with their combined capacity, continue to grow at a high rate of 27% growth in revenue.
State Schwein revenues grew by 25.6 per cent over the same period; Xu's manufacturing revenues in Brazil continued to grow at a faster rate, profitability was released on a continuous basis, performance was maintained at a high rate of growth by 2022/01/26, and Xu's Brazilian Bank fully supported Xu's growth in Brazil and risk control was effective.
5. Xu Engineering Mechanics (000425), 2021 The internationalization of companies as a whole in the first half of the year increased by 33.5 per cent over the same period, and the share of internationalization went up to the third quarterly report performance rating: the mixed dividend continues to be released and profitable.
Investment proposal: Xu's position on the market for engineering machinery products is strong, and we predict the company's 2023- \triangleright \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not received any direct or indirect recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.