Mid 2023: Effective mix, profit margin, research assistant Wettinger Keyword: #Blower than the same company #Current product structure changes lead to higher profit margins
Events: The company issued its semi-annual report in 2023, with slightly outperforming market expectations.
This compares with a 2.1% decline in the same period, with 15 host-products holding the highest share in the domestic industry. Single-O2 companies have earned business income. Corporate income and profits have recovered in the second quarter. Given the lower performance base in the second half of the year, the second quarter is expected to open up with effective mix-up, higher profitability and improved reporting.
Sub-products, influenced by downstream demand, saw the first half of 2023 when earth machinery, crane machinery, concrete machinery, respectively, generated $5.1 billion in high-altitude operating machinery in the first half of 2023, a 56 per cent increase in comparison with the previous 56 per cent, and the ranking rose to the top two in the domestic industry; mining machinery collected $4.2 billion, an increase of 41 per cent. Road machinery generated $2.7 billion, an increase in comparison with the previous year.
66%; new energy products generated $5.27 billion, an increase of 175% over the same period. The corporate profit rate increased quarterly in the first half of the year, with rising and improved reporting trends and mixed results.
According to the output, the number of high-altitude platforms, machines, fire trucks grew by more than 300%, the number of ground-wide, vehicle-by-carrying, port hangers, slide-over loaders by more than 100%, the number of tracks, digs, rollers, stallers, concrete mixers by more than 50%, and the number of excavators and cross-country cranes by more than 20%. According to the khl release of yellowtable, the number of top 50 engineering machines in 2022
Total sales by manufacturers were $23.6 billion, Xu's global share was only 7 per cent, well below the domestic share, overseas markets  structural optimization + mitigation efficiency, and the trend towards increased profitability continued.
& & 2023, Quarterly: Performance continues to rise by 0.7 pct. Benefited from (1) significant performance in the first half of the year, resulting in a net reduction of $1.390 billion in procurement, which is better than industry, with better profits and better valuations
With 49%, up by 8pc, up by 70%, up by 2pc. (2) the share of overseas earnings relative to the increase, the Māori rate increases significantly. The company’s profit margin has scope for improvement relative to its peers, and is expected to continue the trend of increasing corporate profitability as the overall market is brought up to quality assets, diversification efforts, and the growth of overseas markets.
Xu Engineering Mechanics (000425): Quarterly Review 2022: q3 performance meets expectations, overall current market value corresponds to 12/9/7, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Figure 2: In 2023, H1 achieved a net return profit of RMB 3.59 billion, compared to the amount of RMB 3.59 billion, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) of Dong Wu Securities GmbH GmbH GmbH GmbH.