The performance of 2023q2 has recovered at a positive rate, with overseas receipts being higher than innovation, Xu Engineering Machinery (000425) reporting in mid-2023, with a steady increase in traditional operations and strong core parts supporting the development of the main industry.
Businesses stabilized in the downturn in industry, with revenues of $13 billion, a decline of 6.43%. The Māori rate continued to be high, with a 40.5% increase in high-altitude operations, and the city’s highest rate. The concrete and mechanical collection was $5.341 billion, a decrease of 7.69%.
18.18 per cent, or 0.98 per cent higher than in the previous year. Road mechanics collect 2,698 million yuan, and the same-year growth machines, standers, flats and flats continue to be the first in the domestic industry.
The role of the spare parts industry in technologically autonomous and guaranteed supplies, with a ratio of 66.31 per cent inside the 2023h1 hydraulic tank and an increase of over 10.00 pct; a ratio of 48.97 per cent inside the small dig valve and an increase of over 8 pct; a ratio of 70.54 per cent inside the middle-digger valve and an increase of over 2 pct; and a ratio of drivers inside the bridge.
17pt. While the core parts industry has steadily improved its quality, it has continued to expand its external market, with an overall increase of 32.9% in external revenues over the same period.
In the same year, they increased 11.53%. Forklifts continue to build the advantage of electric products, serving as a model for companies’ green industries.
Mechanical power, tractors, harvesters, bulk deliveries. The share of overseas receipts is record high. 2023h1 companies collect $20,897 million abroad, an increase of 33.49 per cent, or 40.75 per cent of the total.
Over 300 per cent, all-ground, vehicle hangers, port hangers, slide loaders up by more than 100 per cent, trackers, digs, rollers, stallers, concrete mixers by more than 50 per cent, excavators, cross-country hangers by 50 per cent, investment proposals: corporate product markets remain at the forefront and overseas harvests are at the highest level in history.
If the issuance of specific debt falls short of expectations, the number of downstream projects will be reduced, affecting the sale of corporate products; (3) if demand for domestic enterprise products in overseas markets decreases, it will result in pressure on corporate performance; and (4) if raw material prices rise significantly, corporate performance will be under greater pressure.
“Stead” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk”, “stable” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”, “positive” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.