The announcement of the first stage of the equity incentive scheme, which highlights long-term development confidence, accounts for 20% of the total stocks to be awarded this year. The company has implemented the first stock incentive, which covers senior managers and core cadres, and conducted a multi-dimensional performance appraisal to highlight long-term development confidence. Our overall assessment is as follows:
The dollar/unit (50 per cent of the average value of stock transactions for the first 20 trading days) was awarded to 261 incentive recipients (4.50 per cent of the total number of shares awarded, 254 management/technical/business cadres awarded 12.2526 million shares, or 95.50 per cent of the total number awarded for the first time.
YOON Wei, senior manager and core staff are motivated to achieve long-term development.
For the first time, equity incentives landed, and the multi-dimensional performance test highlighted long-term development confidence. This is the \triangleright research assistant that the company intends to implement.
The company’s multi-dimensional performance test shows confidence in long-term development. Contract liabilities have increased by 283% since the beginning of the year, and the concerted actors of shareholders have increased their confidence in the company.
In addition, based on the future of the company, the performance of 3q22 is affected by VAT; the contract liability is higher than the value of the goods received in advance each year, or indicates a higher demand for the company downstream.
In mid-2022, China Air West (000768.sz) reported a steady and healthy development of confidence that, as of 13 October 2022, the co-activist of the controlling shareholder, “China Portfolio 2”, had accumulated 2.1418 million shares in the company's total equity.
Investment proposal: The company is a rare target for the listing of major aircraft in the country's special areas, and in recent years has steadily increased its combined strength around the “focus on masters, quality efficiency”. The company's first-phase equity incentive has come to the ground, and the potential for future change is higher.
4. China Air West (000768.sz) 2021: The methodology and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.