Treasure letter software (600845.sh) How's the net profit of q4 slightly higher than expected, continuing to watch the future of industrial informatization + arithmetic layout
O4 net profit growth is higher than expected, and macroeconomic environmental pressures are more resilient: on a quarterly basis, o4 returns $5.497 billion in the single quarter, an increase of 26.24 per cent in the same year, a rise of 104.29 per cent in the ring, a return net profit of $656 million, an increase of 60.25 per cent in the same year, and a growth of 21.80 per cent in the ring, taking into account the four-quarter macro.
The larger environment is more affected by the epidemic and the steel industry is under pressure, with companies performing well in the four quarters of the year, and markets are expected to show resilience to the countercyclical growth of the iron and steel information industry.
Cost management capacity has improved considerably. Corporate profitability has improved significantly throughout the year, overall net interest rates have risen, industrial information has been advanced in multiple dimensions, and intelligent manufacturing has increased at a higher rate: in 2022, the company built a new generation of autonomous and controlled software, iplat, around the issue of smelting industry control of “crystal”
Implementation of national production substitution for full-process imports of industrial control software; completion of the plc product master programme and rack design; promotion of a new generation of key technologies for plc products, with national production of multiple projects, substitution and scale applications; exploration of industrial Internet platform-based full-process, full-line processes
Control of model knowledge maps. Multidimensionally, corporate software development and engineering services sector institutional investors in 2022 accounted for 12.8 per cent of the share in the circulation of a share, increasing faster than service outsourcing.
The company’s operations will continue to grow at a higher rate. The ai+ digital economy drives the demand for numeracy, and the company’s perennially deployed idc area: recently, the area of numeracy has continued to grow in focus, influenced by both the global and the domestic digital economy.
The company has been involved in the construction of the national computing hub nodes and data centre industries, and the Bo Cloud-related business has been steadily moving forward.
8kw hangar: the long-triangular digital technology centre has a master plan of 20,000 cabinets, the 5-phase master plan of Bo, 10,500 cabinets, and the 7000 flight cabinets of the Bo Yunbe Mountain base. According to the company's latest announcement, the data centre of the Bo Yunya Seal Mountain base was opened on 11 January 2023 and is available to users at 1066.
An idc service with a 5kw-20kw power density is planned to provide approximately 6,000 installed capacity. We believe that the growth in corporate idc operations is expected to increase significantly over the next few years, along with rising demand for demand-side computing, the supply of high-end chips, and the impact of the epidemic on construction.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.