Performance met expectations, with a significant increase in the Māori rate of $Nr. 100 million, a 0.99 per cent increase in the same year, and a net return profit of $Nr. 499 million, a 9.66 per cent increase in the same year.The Māori round ratio has increased significantly, and high-end automation is expected to lead to a significant increase in profitability.
\triangleright percentage points, an increase of 7.84 percentage points in the same year, and we judge the company's profitability over the long term as the company's Māori ratio is high-end automated, and the growth of its intelligent manufacturing business.
In terms of automation, in 2022, the company continued to make breakthroughs in areas such as the critical core technology ownership and the cracking industry's “cracking” problem, focusing on the “cricket” control of the metallurgical line industry, working on the creation and promotion of a national production control system and a new generation of autonomous and controlled software.
iplat, successful in the nationalization of the import of process-wide industrial and regulatory software; completion of the plc product master programme and architecture design, and promotion of a new generation of key technologies for the plc product, with national substitution and scale applications for multiple projects; and overall promotion of the “Men Poirot Induction” programme, with the aim of creating a “Polo”
Chiang Ying, a platform to explore the raas service model and the industry initiative for the robotic platform service model.  practice number: s50052100002
In the area of the industrial Internet, in 2022, the company officially released the industrial Internet platform, the Chinese brand name "Golden" , re-elected to the 2022 national "Dual Crossing" platform, the scientific and technical findings of the Sino Steel Association concluded that it had generally reached international leadership; and led the "Industrial Internet for the Iron and Steel Industry Ecoosphere"
The public cloud platform project, which was selected by the National Council for Metallurgicals as the first central business sector, and the high-end intellectual-manufacturing pole, which led to the Treasure Software Insight Report: From Three Predicts
It's a time difference to interpret the long-term certainty of the new capital leader, the Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In the area of idc cloud computing, in 2022, the company actively participated in the construction of the National Arithmetic Hub Node and the National Data Centre Industrial Cluster to promote the construction, recruitment and operation of the bases at Bo Jinyunidc; to use the Treasure Cloud platform to launch the group cloud files,
Eurosin e-signatures, encryption certificate services, rpa digital robots, etc., create new business growth points; based on the expansion of one+ platform capabilities in molecular companies, complete the entire cloud of treasures under the “one headquarters multi-base” framework.
National strategies such as Business Chain Security, “Autonomous Control”, which focus on the challenges of national production of key core technologies to replace and decipher industry's “cricket” industry, continue to increase investment in research and development, fully contribute to the scaling-up and industrialization of nationally owned and controlled high-end control systems, with large-scale plc industrial software at its core, enabling the full development of high-end automated operations
\triangleright High-end automation is the strategic direction of the company's future priorities. The company is a scarce home-grown company with a large, autonomous plc control system with strong integrated competition in hardware and software in the area of high-end automation.
Motivating business opens up a wide range of development space. With the large plc automated industrial software at its core, the company actively expands automated products such as robots (with plc developed autonomously with Treasure Trust), scada industrial software, with the ability to move to a large dcs (dcs=plc+scada) control system, continuously stretching the automated capability boundary, and is expected to grow into domestic ownership in the future.
The three core growth logics of corporate automation are: 1) product sequence expansion: companies will sink from large plc to large plc in the medium, with high-school end plc product lines, and deepen the layout of automated products such as robots, scada industrial software, with the ability to expand to dcs and dcs control systems; 2) incremental + stock replacement logic: double carbon era + national production replacement back
Under the scenario, the process-based industry, represented by the steel industry, “necessary + able” to invest heavily in capital expenditure layout intelligent manufacturing; large plc/dcs will gradually begin to move into a new cycle of stock substitution; automated products will be more standardized, with full potential for cross-industry expansion; and) Māori uplifting logic: higher Māori rates for automated products are expected to lead to an overall increase in profitability.
Industrial Internet platforms are thick and thin, solid intelligence is built to make cloudy cornerstones \triangleright attaches great importance to the development of industrial Internet, autonomous research and development of industrial Internet platforms such as Xin3plat and artificial intelligence center
The layout of the industrial Internet, on the one hand, opens up new growth curves for companies and, on the other hand, is expected to enhance the core competitiveness of corporate smart manufacturing. In a two-carbon age, the high-energy-consuming industries, represented by steel, metallurgy, petrochemicals, and chemicals, face the pressing need for “reduce, efficiency, and booster.” The industrial Internet-based manufacturing of new technologies will play a central role in creating intelligent technologies that are well-developed.
Industry “capable + demand” to drive capital spending for industrial Internet development; the country to promote the digital economy, industry, Internet platforms as the core base and building blocks of the digital economy, sustained and strongly supported by national policies, corporate industries, Internet platforms xin3plat, continued to enter the “twice” platform of the Paranoid Ministry for the fourth consecutive year, steadily increasing their ranking and opening the way for future development.
A new growth track has been created; in the long run, automated products such as plc have been clouded, while industrial Internet platforms have been the basis for automotive product cloudization, building solid roots for automated cloudization, and clouding plc is expected to help companies achieve a turn-over overcarrying, and continue to strengthen corporate intellectual-manufacturing leadership.
With the intellectual transformation of the billions of tons of BMW, the development space for the information business, the strategic wind of the transformation with the combination of the BMW platform and the intellectual transformation strategy, the company acts as the cornerstone of the information-making core of the BMW Group's “one-base-five-dollar” strategy, with the intellectual transformation of the billion tons of BMW and the development space for the information-based development. The company can do it from Lo.
In the context of "double limits" and "double controls" for the development of the steel industry, the State has proposed "big efforts to develop intelligent manufacturing", "accelerating mergers and restructuring", "banning new steel production" and so on.
The BMW Group, as the largest steel group in the world, has accelerated its M & As restructuring, raising the demand for corporate smart manufacturing from the four dimensions of “Renewal of Information Systems + Industrial Internet Platforms + Automated Control System Reform and New Demand + Cloud Computation Deployment Requirements.” The company’s traditional software business has also expanded beyond the BMW Group.
Iron and steel companies, as well as the non-steel sector, have great potential for future growth. idc supply and demand patterns have evolved well, corporate idc operations have moved into a new cycle. Short-term supply and demand patterns in the idc sector have evolved well, and companies will benefit at the core as wholesale idc champions, while industry idc
In the short term, the country's tight controls on energy consumption, electricity, safety compliance, and the banning of a large number of old, non-compliant rooms, and the large-scale demand tilted to the core & greenidc, making the competitive edge of the dominant idc tap stronger and, in the long run, the demand of the idc industry will burst with new applications.
And it continues to grow. Together with the company idc's unique ability to do business, the company began to launch a five-phase project to promote Xinhua Xinhua + Xinhua Xinhua Xianghua, with a total of over 50,000 standard hangars. If we don't consider other new housing projects, it will already be 1.7 times more than in the previous round.
Some of the project cabinets have already been put on board and will continue to grow in the future as the build-up rate continues. Good management and market-based incentives to secure long-term development \triangleright
Companies have excellent management and market-based incentives that give them sufficient dynamism and motivation to develop. As an executive, management team managers have extensive experience, flexible management systems, and internal appraisal systems are marketed, and market-based incentives have been introduced on several occasions. In 2017, 2020, and 2022, companies issued three equity incentives to cover them.
A wide range of corporate management, technical cadres, business cadres, etc., underscores the firm confidence of corporate management in the long-term development of the future, while at the same time it is expected to motivate staff to fully release the dynamism of the company. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
Treasure letter software transmits high-quality genes, deep layout automation, industrial Internet, informatization, cloud computing, four major intelligent manufacturing, track, which is the scarcest enterprise in the country that has made a breakthrough in the field of high-end automated industrial software, is the country's most complete product sequence, leads in high-end intelligent manufacturing, has a mission of high-end intelligence to create alternatives to national production, and has great potential for long-term growth.
In January 2021, Idc built and acquired less than expected, BMW restructured and purchased less than expected, and 5g developed less than expected, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which covered the intellectual manufacturing & cloud computing Idc industrial chain, sea cables, rock yoyoste, communications research assistant, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages, English language level 8.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications sector, covering areas such as networking, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, 5g applications. Chen Guang Yi, member of the Communications Group, Ph.D. in Physics, Beijing University. In December 2021, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which specializes in condensed physics.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.