On June 16, 2023, the Shanghai People's Government issued "Shanghai City's Advancement of Manufacturing High Quality" on June 15, 2023.
Three-year action plan for quantitative development (2023-2025) (hereinafter referred to as the Action Plan) to promote high-quality development in the manufacturing industry (600845.sh) and explore new ways of industrialization; 14 June, the National Investment Commission convened a central enterprise
To improve the quality of listed companies and the reorganization of M & As, to deploy central enterprises to improve the quality of listed companies and the restructuring of M & As, central enterprises must play their full role in resource allocation, and the above-mentioned municipal firms should undertake M & As restructuring for the platform, helping to improve core competitiveness and enhance core functions.
The Plan of Action sets out four main objectives: (a) to significantly upgrade the high-end manufacturing pilot function, and industrial warfare, where the share of industrial output in industrial output above size is 45 per cent, and industrial labour productivity is exceedingly high.
500,000 yuan per person, with three leading industries totalling 1.8 trillion yuan; 2) significant increase in autonomous innovation policy; source level, sustained increase in autonomous control of the supply chain of the industrial chain, with R & D inputs from priority manufacturing enterprises at more than 2.5 per cent; 3) significant digitalization and green transformation gains, with manufacturing firms above scale
According to Shanghai officials, the density of industrial robots will increase by 100 units per 10,000 people by 2025 and 10 industries will be built.
Practice number: s50052100002 first-class robot head brands, 100 markers of robotic application scenes, 100 billion machiners connected to the size of the industry.
On June 20, 20, 20, 2022, China launched a campaign to mobilize 10,000 Polos, which will be entrusted with the use of the Bo-Sin software under the flag. “Polo” is the name of the Bo-Saw robot. As of November 24, 2021, the number of Polos has reached about 1,432 and is expected to achieve the goal of over 10,000 Polos by 2026.
Marks. At present, there are a wide variety of bourgeois robots, which can be classified by location into three categories: industry, service, and special.
A machine, high-end smart-manufacturing locomotives, which are primarily a virtual service robot that meets customer needs in an instant; a special one includes robots that should be used in mines, port terminals, etc. (a fully automated loader, reloading agv, etc.), professional transport.
Check robots (waterway patrol drones, high furnace patrol drones, etc.), check repair robots, etc.
It's a time difference to interpret the long-term certainty of the new capital leader, the Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Bolo robot applications in Beijing, Beijing, West Side, 9th Street, not only steel, but also the future expansion of the industry.
In addition to the iron and steel automated production lines, the three main types of robots cover transport, mines, ports, customer counselling, and so on.
Several scenes are also being customized, and according to the Ministry of Corporate Robotics, companies are expected to move out of the treasure zone in the future, promote robotic applications in other industries, and continue to help other enterprises to improve industrial competitiveness and efficiency. According to the World Robotic Report 2022, the country ' s manufacturing robotic density reached 322 in 2021, compared to the highest 1,000 in South Korea.
At the end of January 2023, the concentration of priority industries in Shanghai reached 383 robotics and only 260 robotics were scheduled to reach only 260 robotics per 10,000 people, with a greater potential for upgrading. We believe that in the midst of the digital transformation of firms, the demand for industrial robots is or will continue to grow.
During the two-carbon era, companies, as information high-tech companies and national producers of software under the flag of China, pursued national strategies such as “new infrastructure”, “product chain security”, “autonomous control”, and continued to increase their investment in research and development around the challenge of national production of key core technologies and “crystalization” of the industry, in order to advance the full scale and industrialization of autonomous high-end national production control systems.
Intelligent and long-term growth space for the enabling industry.
The company's technology stock of 4.0 is based on more than 20 years of industrial software development, which has been developed on a large scale over many years and has been optimized in various kinds of intellectual applications. The industrial eco-eplat package of 4.0 has entered the scale extension phase, which enables rapid meeting of user needs, increasing user viscosity, tapping user values, and promoting platform scalability; and industrial connectivity of iplat.
(a) Package 4.0 supports the nationalization of industrial and regulatory software, resolving the problem of the “cricket” of the industrial and regulatory software, developing a web-based module based on the “Boro Cloud” project and launching a high performance version of the industrial interconnection package; the data application level of the various industry users is continuously upgraded by the data ecology 5s package 4.0, providing a one-stop set of data eco-research and development tools, and supporting data development by enterprise users;
(b) Applied development package 4.0 of xdev actively explores and improves applications for construction, application delivery and release accumulation for low-code and developers' communities.
High-end automation is the firm's priority strategic direction for the future, the company's scarce domestic enterprise for the introduction of a large, autonomous plc control system, its strong integrated hardware and software competition in the area of high-end automation, and its “three core growth logics” to boost the company's own ownership of the system.
Motivating business opens up a wide range of development space. With the large plc automated industrial software at its core, the company actively expands automated products such as robots (with plc developed autonomously with Treasure Trust), scada industrial software, with the ability to move to a large dcs (dcs=plc+scada) control system, continuously stretching the automated capability boundary, and is expected to grow into domestic ownership in the future.
The three core growth logics of corporate automation are: 1) product sequence expansion: companies will sink from large plc to large plc in the medium, with high-school end plc product lines, and deepen the layout of automated products such as robots, scada industrial software, with the ability to expand to dcs and dcs control systems; 2) incremental + stock replacement logic: double carbon era + national production replacement back
Under the scenario, the process-based industry, represented by the steel industry, “necessary + able” to invest heavily in capital expenditure layout intelligent manufacturing; large plc/dcs will gradually begin to move into a new cycle of stock substitution; automated products will be more standardized, with full potential for cross-industry expansion; and) Māori uplifting logic: higher Māori rates for automated products are expected to lead to an overall increase in profitability.
Industrial Internet platforms are thick and thin, solid intelligence makes cloud fundamentals, companies attach great importance to the development of industrial Internet, autonomous research and development of industrial Internet platforms such as Xin3plat and the artificial intelligence center, and the layout of the industrial Internet, on the one hand, opens up new growth curves for companies and, on the other hand, is expected to enhance the corporate intelligence manufacturing core.
Competitiveness. In the two-carbon age, the high-energy-consuming processes, represented by steel, metallurgy, petrochemicals and chemicals, face the urgent need for “reduce, efficiency, lift”, and the intelligent manufacturing of new technologies, represented by the industrial Internet, will play a central role. The process industry is “capable + demand” for capital to drive industrial Internet development.
Internet platforms, as the core base and building blocks of the digital economy, continue to be strongly supported by national policies. Corporate industries. Internet platforms xin3plat, which have continued for four consecutive years into the “two-way” platform of the Department of Craft, have steadily increased their rankings, opening new growth paths for future development; in the long run, automated products such as plc have been clouded, while industrial Internet platforms are becoming more powerful.
With the intellectual transformation of billions of tons of BW, the information business has a huge space to develop.
\triangleright, backed up by the BMW platform, multiplied by a strategic wind of intellectual transformation, is the company's keystone, intellectual core of the BMW Group's “one-base-five” strategy, accompanied by the intellectual transformation of billions of tons of BMW, and the space for information development. The company can do it from Lo.
In the context of "double limits" and "double controls" for the development of the steel industry, the State has proposed "big efforts to develop intelligent manufacturing", "accelerating mergers and restructuring", "banning new steel production" and so on.
The BMW Group, as the largest steel group in the world, has accelerated its M & As restructuring, raising the demand for corporate smart manufacturing from the four dimensions of “Renewal of Information Systems + Industrial Internet Platforms + Automated Control System Reform and New Demand + Cloud Computation Deployment Requirements.” The company’s traditional software business has also expanded beyond the BMW Group.
Iron and steel companies, as well as the non-steel sector, have great potential for future growth. idc supply and demand patterns have evolved well, corporate idc operations have moved into a new cycle. Short-term supply and demand patterns in the idc sector have evolved well, and companies will benefit at the core as wholesale idc champions, while industry idc
In the short term, the country's tight controls on energy consumption, electricity, safety compliance, etc., the large number of old, non-compliant rooms, and the large-scale demand tilted to the core & greenidc, making the competitive edge of the dominant idc tap stronger and, in the long run, demand for the idc industry will burst with new applications.
And it continues to grow. Together with the company idc's unique ability to do business, the company began to launch a five-phase project to promote Xinhua Xinhua + Xinhua Xinhua Xianghua, with a total of over 50,000 standard hangars. If we don't consider other new housing projects, it will already be 1.7 times more than in the previous round.
Some of the project cabinets have already been put on board and will continue to grow in the future as the build-up rate continues. Good management and market-based incentives to secure long-term development \triangleright
Companies have excellent management and market-based incentives that give them sufficient dynamism and motivation to develop. As an executive, management team managers have extensive experience, flexible management systems, and internal appraisal systems are marketed, and market-based incentives have been introduced on several occasions. In 2017, 2020, and 2022, companies issued three equity incentives to cover them.
A wide range of corporate management, technical cadres, business cadres, etc., underscores the firm confidence of corporate management in the long-term development of the future, while at the same time it is expected to motivate staff to fully release the dynamism of the company. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
Treasure letter software transmits high-quality genes, deep layout automation, industrial Internet, informatization, cloud computing, four major intelligent manufacturing, track, which is the scarcest enterprise in the country that has made a breakthrough in the field of high-end automated industrial software, is the country's most complete product sequence, leads in high-end intelligent manufacturing, has a mission of high-end intelligence to create alternatives to national production, and has great potential for long-term growth.
In January 2021, Idc built and acquired less than expected, BMW restructured and purchased less than expected, and 5g developed less than expected, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which covered the intellectual manufacturing & cloud computing Idc industrial chain, sea cables, rock yoyoste, communications research assistant, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages, English language level 8.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications sector, covering areas such as networking, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, 5g applications. Chen Guang Yi, member of the Communications Group, Ph.D. in Physics, Beijing University. In December 2021, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which specializes in condensed physics.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.