On May 25th, 2023, Bo-Sin's microsigner released the results of the Treasure "Steel Industries Brain" strategy, which was built through the "Ai-Empowered Steel Wisdom"; on June 7th, Bo-Sin's microsign was released.
Bosin software (600845.sh) The Bosinai model empowers multiple steel generation processes, builds intelligent "the steel industry brain" The Bosin software sequences the strategic plan "the steel industry brain" and builds multiple artificial intelligences and steel
Demonstration projects for industry depth integration, which support the steel master industry from “automated, informative” to “intellectual companies” to introduce automated development tools for the development of visual models, have effectively reduced the difficulty of developing visual recognition models in various steel fields, accelerating the modelling department through cloud-side synergies on industrial Internet platforms
(b) The roll-out of a large-scale visual detection model that successfully improves the incoherence between physical and information flows caused by fragmentation through smart visual recognition techniques, ahead of the traditional weighting method.
In 15 seconds, it increased the accuracy of the splits in the casting of the second-tier system; it created an intelligent cut-off product that was effectively reduced.
Smart technology; development of a pre-iron integrated assembly model that combines the original fuel information, controls, conditions, process processing costs, etc., to produce a reasonable mix of 30 yuan/tonne less than the manual feed cost, effectively reducing the cost and optimizing the steel production process; development of an i-car movement model, root-lined
In real-time production conditions at steel mills, smart dispatches are carried out to reduce the waiting time for repackaging by 3 per cent and significantly reduce the consumption of steel water, while effectively safeguarding the steel rhythm and ensuring that it remains unspoiled; and to introduce pressure differential prediction models based on in-depth learning techniques to effectively address the problem of the furnace “black box” in 5 kpanettas in one hour.
At 80% of the forecast accuracy, a valuable time lag was secured for early intervention in the furnaces.
National strategies such as "New Capital", "Industry Chain Security" and "Autonomous Control" have been developed around the key core technology challenge of national production to replace and break the industry's neck.
Nationally owned, controlled, high-end control systems, industrial development, enabling industrial intelligence, long.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The five packages of multi-dimensional helper clients are intelligent and digitally developed. Paulonian 4.0 is a technological reserve developed by the company based on more than 20 years of industrial software, which has been developed on a large scale over many years and has been optimized in various kinds of intellectual applications. The industrial eco-eplat package of 4.0 is in the process of being scaled up.
Rapidly meeting user needs, increasing user viscosity, tapping user values and promoting platform scale; industrial connection iplat package 4.0 supports national production of industrial control software, resolving the problem of industrial control software “crack necks”, building on the “Boloyan” project to develop and launch a high performance version of the industrial interconnection package; data eco-system 5s package 4.0 continuously upgrades industries
Data application level for users, providing a one-stop set of data eco-research and development tools for users of enabling enterprises; Efficient build-up management of the AI xai package 4.0 to achieve the ai model, which has sunk multiple core industrial smart algorithm models; Active exploration and improvement of application construction, application delivery aspects of the application development xdev package 4.0 to the low-code and developer community
\triangleright
High-end automation is a strategic future priority for companies, which are scarcely home-grown firms that introduce large autonomous plc control systems, have strong integrated competition in hardware and software in the area of high-end automation, and the “three core growth logics” drive companies to self-motivate their business open up vast development space. Companies are actively expanding robotics with large plc automated industrial software at their core.
Automated products, such as plc, scada industrial software, developed autonomously with Treasure Letters, with the ability to move into large dcs (dcs=plc+scada) control systems, continuously extending the automated capacity boundary and hopefully growing into three core growth logics of domestic corporate automation: 1) product sequence expansion: companies will expand from large plc to medium plc
(b) Increment + stock replacement logic: the two-carbon age + national production replacement scenario, where the process-based industry, represented by the steel industry, is “necessary + capable” to invest heavily in smart manufacturing of capital spending;
Large plc/dcs will gradually begin to move into a new stock replacement cycle; automated products are more standardized, with full potential for expansion across industry; and) the Māori rate rise logic: the higher Māori ratio of automated products is expected to lead to an overall increase in profitability.
\triangleright attaches great importance to the development of the industrial Internet, the autonomous research and development of the industrial Internet platform Xin3plat and the artificial intelligence center, etc., and the layout of the industrial Internet, while opening up new growth curves for the company, is expected to enhance the corporate intelligence manufacturing core.
Competitiveness. In the two-carbon age, the high-energy-consuming processes, represented by steel, metallurgy, petrochemicals and chemicals, face the urgent need for “reduce, efficiency, lift”, and the intelligent manufacturing of new technologies, represented by the industrial Internet, will play a central role. The process industry is “capable + demand” for capital to drive industrial Internet development.
Internet platforms, as the core base and building blocks of the digital economy, continue to be strongly supported by national policies. Corporate industries. Internet platforms xin3plat, which have continued for four consecutive years into the “two-way” platform of the Department of Craft, have steadily increased their rankings, opening new growth paths for future development; in the long run, automated products such as plc have been clouded, while industrial Internet platforms are becoming more powerful.
With the intellectual transformation of billions of tons of BW, the information business has a huge space to develop.
\triangleright, backed up by the BMW platform, multiplied by a strategic wind of intellectual transformation, is the company's keystone, intellectual core of the BMW Group's “one-base-five” strategy, accompanied by the intellectual transformation of billions of tons of BMW, and the space for information development. The company can do it from Lo.
In the context of "double limits" and "double controls" for the development of the steel industry, the State has proposed "big efforts to develop intelligent manufacturing", "accelerating mergers and restructuring", "banning new steel production" and so on.
The BMW Group, as the largest steel group in the world, has accelerated its M & As restructuring, raising the demand for corporate smart manufacturing from the four dimensions of “Renewal of Information Systems + Industrial Internet Platforms + Automated Control System Reform and New Demand + Cloud Computation Deployment Requirements.” The company’s traditional software business has also expanded beyond the BMW Group.
Iron and steel companies, as well as the non-steel sector, have great potential for future growth. idc supply and demand patterns have evolved well, and corporate idc operations are entering a new cycle \triangleright
Short-term supply and demand patterns in the idc sector have evolved well, and companies will benefit from a wholesale idc tap, while the idc industry will enter a new release cycle with promise of a profit + valuation double-click on Davis. In the short term, the state has become more restrictive about energy consumption, electricity, safety compliance, etc., with a large number of old, non-compliant rooms being shut down, and demand going to the core area on a large scale & greenidc
In the long run, demand in the idc sector will continue to grow as new applications break out. The "Resources+Industrial Software Capabilities" combined give companies the unique ability to do their business.
Since 2021, some of the new project cabinets have been put on board and will continue to grow in the future as the build-up rate continues. Good management and market-based incentives will guarantee long-term viability.
\triangleright has an excellent management and market-based incentive that gives the company sufficient dynamism and motivation. \The Department, as an executive, has extensive management experience, flexible management systems, and a market-based internal appraisal system.
Market-based incentive programmes, with three equity incentives issued by companies in 2017, 2020 and 2022, have a wide range of incentives, covering company management, technical cadres, business cadres and so on, have demonstrated firm corporate management confidence in the long-term development of the future, while also promising to motivate staff to fully release the dynamism of the company.
\triangleright Treasure Software transmits high-quality genes, deep layout automation, industrial Internet, informatization, cloud computing, four major intelligent manufacturing.
In January 2021, we joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, covering the intellectual manufacturing chain, the cable chain.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications industry, covering areas such as networking of goods, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, and 5g applications.
Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Doctor of Physics, Beijing University, Condensed Physics. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2021 to carry out research in the communications industry, covering, inter alia, new sources of cable & telecommunications, laser radar, vehicle controllers, cloud computing & 5g.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.