The telecommunications group, with its intellectual tap, has taken off the ai+digital economy, has experienced robust business growth and an increase in the Māori ratio of its core business.
Projects under the epidemic are delivered on schedule, the Treasure Cloud business continues to advance the system's advantages - Bosin software multibases, ensuring that multiple major projects are delivered on schedule.
Cash flow growth is significant, the cloud core energy industry Internet-By letter software is billions of dollars, which is +8.3 per cent the same year, and the company increases its human productivity, while software development leads to an overall gross interest rate of 33 per cent, an increase of 0.5 pp the same year. At the same time, the company strengthens operating capital management.
In the reporting period, the restructuring of BMW and SCM was completed, further expanding the company's use in the iron and steel information market, bringing in incremental orders. In automation, the company has a fully autonomous intellectual property right.
Industry controls the hardware and software product matrix, building a new generation of autonomous and controlled engineering software, iplat, and national production substitution and scale applications for several projects. Industrial Internet platforms are used to create autonomous and controlled "boro" cloud platforms that automate industrial robots "boro"
Production and platforming services. Actively participating in national numeracy hub nodes and national data.
A new business growth point has been created through the launch of a series of Saas service products. Smart manufacturing + arithmetic leads, with deep benefits from the ai landing and the digital economy.
The Division announces three phases of the equity incentive scheme, highlighting confidence in long-term development. Short-term Idc market revenues are slowing down, but they remain an indispensable numeracy infrastructure in the era of development and the digital economy for the long term. Companies rely on the power of the treasure to gain the advantage of the Idc position plus energy consumption, while accelerating the progress of the treasure.
The demand for Internet vendor idc is not as high as expected: information spending in the steel industry is not as high as expected.