Performance exceeded expectations, with q4 net return profits increasing by more than 60 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the Māori rate continued to rise. Realization of non-returned net profit of RMB 2,094 million, an increase of 21.91 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and net operating cash flows of RMB 2,522 million, an increase of 30.78 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
A full layout of high-end automated products, industrial Internet re-selection to two cross-platforms in selected countries \triangleright, according to company announcements, generated $5.497 billion in q4 quarter 2022, an increase of 26.24 per cent.
Ring growth of 104.29 per cent, net return to mother ' s profit of 656 million yuan, 60.25 per cent over the same period, ring sub-operation, 95.9 billion yuan for software development in 2022, same-year growth.
We are continuing to make breakthroughs around the issue of the “cricket” control of the metallurgical line industry, and we are working to build a national production control system in Jiang Ying, and a new generation of self-controlled engineering software, iplat, that is, successful.
Practice No.: s50052100002 National Product Substitution for Importation of Industrial Control Software for the current full process; Completion of the plc product master programme and architecture design, advancement of a new generation of plc key technologies to achieve national production substitution and scale of multiple projects
In the case of the industrial Internet, the Chinese brand of the industrial Internet platform, “Bomblog”, has been officially launched again.
Selection of the 2022 national `twice' platform, with the Sino-Standard Association ' s scientific and technical findings as the overall achievement of the `Intense Report on Treasure Software: The Country ' s Major International Leadership ' , leading the `Industry Internet Public Cloud Platform for the Steel Industry Ecoosphere'.
A list of the first publicly-owned cloud projects in the central business sector of the National Council of Investment in Metallurgy.
It's a time difference to interpret the long-term certainty of the new capital leader, the Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In the area of idc cloud computing, Beijing City West Side, House 9, Building 1, actively participated in the construction of the National Arithmetic Hub Node and the National Data Centre Industrial Cluster to promote the construction, recruitment and operation of the Treasure Treasure Windc bases.
New business growth points are created by services such as signing, encryption certificate services, rpa digital robots, etc.; one+ platform capacity is being promoted in molecular companies to complete the management of the entire service delivery of Treasure Clouds in the framework of a “one-headquarters multi-base”
National strategies such as Business Chain Security, “Autonomous Control”, around the challenge of national production of key core technologies to replace and decipher the industry's “cricket” industry, continue to increase investment in research and development and contribute to the full scale and industrialization of nationally owned and controlled high-end control systems, figure 1: Quarterly corporate collections and acceleration
\triangleright smart manufacturing with automated, industrial Internet platforms at its core is expected to lead to a greater Māori rate for corporate software development.
To upgrade space, and at the same time, under the policy of double carbon, the scarcity of the corporate core of the idc engine room resources is becoming increasingly evident, with the profitability of a large-scale plc industrial software that allows for the full development of high-end automated business \triangleright
High-end automation is a strategic future priority for companies, which are scarcely home-grown firms that introduce large autonomous plc control systems, have strong integrated competition in hardware and software in the area of high-end automation, and the “three core growth logics” drive companies to self-motivate their business open up vast development space. Companies are actively expanding robotics with large plc automated industrial software at their core.
Automated products, such as plc, scada industrial software, developed autonomously with Treasure Letters, with the ability to move into large dcs (dcs=plc+scada) control systems, continuously extending the automated capacity boundary and hopefully growing into three core growth logics of domestic corporate automation: 1) product sequence expansion: companies will expand from large plc to medium plc
(b) Increment + stock replacement logic: the two-carbon age + national production replacement scenario, where the process-based industry, represented by the steel industry, is “necessary + capable” to invest heavily in smart manufacturing of capital spending;
Large plc/dcs will gradually begin to move into a new stock replacement cycle; automated products will be more standardized, with full potential for expansion across industry; 3) Māori ratio raise logic: the higher Māori ratio of automated products is expected to lead to an overall increase in profitability.
The company attaches great importance to the development of the industrial Internet, which, on the one hand, opens up a new curve for the company to grow, and on the other hand it is expected to increase the core competitiveness of the company’s intelligent manufacturing. In a two-carbon age, the high-energy processes, represented by steel, metallurgy, petrochemicals, and chemicals, face a “reduce, drop,”
The urgent need for efficiency gains, better quality, and the intelligent manufacturing of new technologies, represented by the industrial Internet, will play a central role. The process industry's “capable + demand” capital spending will drive industrial Internet development; the country's strong promotion of the digital economy. The Internet platform, as the core base and component of the digital economy, will continue to be strongly supported by national policies, and the corporate industry will continue to be strongly supported by national policies.
The Internet platform xln3plat, which continues for the fourth year in a row into the “two-way” platform of the Panchayat, has steadily increased its ranking, opening up new growth paths for future development; in the long run, automated products such as plc have been clouded, while industrial Internet platforms have been the basis for automotive product cloudization, with solid roots for automated cloudization, and cloudization is expected to help companies to overturn their traffic.
With the intellectual transformation of millions of tons of BMW, there is a huge space for information-based business development \triangleright \
Back on the BMW platform, it's a strategic wind of intellectual transformation, and the company acts as the cornerstone of information and intelligent manufacturing in the BMW Group's “one-base-five-dollar” strategy, accompanying the intellectual transformation of billions of tons of BMW and the spatial development of information. The company is an industrial software company that can be done from lo to l5. The information products include mes, bi, wms, mom, and so on.
In the context of “double limits” and “double controls”, the State has imposed requirements for the development of the steel industry, such as “a major effort to develop intelligent manufacturing”, “accelerating the promotion of merger restructuring”, and “a strong ban on new iron and steel production capabilities”, and the BMW Group, the largest steel group in the world, has accelerated its M & A restructuring, which will begin to replace the “information systems”
The need for corporate smart manufacturing has increased significantly in terms of the deep layout of industrial Internet platforms and the adaptation of automated control systems and the need for additional demand for cloud computing deployments. Corporate traditional software business has also expanded to steel businesses outside of the Treasure Group, as well as to non-soldier sectors, with wide scope for future growth.
The idc pattern of supply and demand has evolved well, the company's idc business has moved into a new cycle, the short-term idc industry has evolved well, and the company will benefit from it as a wholesale idc leader, while the idc industry will enter a new investment cycle with promise of a profit-plus valuation of Davis. In the short term, the state will double-click on energy consumption, electricity, and electricity.
The tightening of controls, such as security compliance, the banning of old, non-compliant rooms, and the large-scale shift of demand to the core & greenidc have increased the competitive edge of the dominant idc pole, and demand for the idc industry will continue to grow with the outbreak of new applications in the long run.
Starting with the launch of the five-phase project on the promotion of the Pyramid + Bo cloud in Shanghai, with a total of over 50,000 standard hangars, if we do not consider other new ones, we will already be 1.7 times as much as we did in the previous round. Since 2021, some of the newly created hangars have started to be put on board and will continue to grow in the future as the rate continues to increase.
Good management and market-based incentives that guarantee long-term development viability \triangleright have excellent management and market-based incentives that give companies sufficient development dynamism and motivation.
The Division, as a management team with extensive experience in management, flexible management systems, marketed internal appraisal systems and repeatedly marketed incentives, issued three equity incentives in 2017, 2020 and 2022, covering a wide range of corporate management, technical cadres, business cadres, etc., which, on the one hand, highlight the long-term role of corporate management in the future.
A strong confidence in development is also expected to motivate the workforce to fully release the company’s dynamism. \triangleright Treasure Software transmits high-quality genes, deep layout automation, industrial Internet, informatization, cloud computing, four major intellectuals
The track, which is the scarcest enterprise in the country to achieve a breakthrough in the field of high-end automated industrial software, is the country's current product series, with its top-end intellectual-manufacturing leader, with a long-term growth space for high-end intelligent-manufacturing alternatives to national production.
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covers in depth the intellectual manufacturing & cloud computing Idc industrial chain, the cable, the rock yoyote, a communications research assistant and a master's degree in finance from the Beijing University of Foreign Languages, the English language class VIII. He worked at the Shanghai Steel Federation's mri research centre, responsible car block research. He joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020.
Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Ph.D. in Physics, Peking University, specializing in condensed physics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2021, conducting research in the communications industry, covering areas such as new sources of cable & telecommunications, laser radar, vehicle controllers, cloud computing & 5g.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.