Sustained growth in performance, steady increase in R & D investment - Bosun software (600845.sh) Annual Report 2022
a Circulation Unit (millions of shares): 21.91 per cent increase; net cash flows from operating activities amount to $2,522 million, or 30.78 per cent increase from year to year. For sub-operations, revenues from software development and engineering services amounted to $9,590 million from year to year.
In 2022, the Māori sales rate and net sales interest rates were 33.04 per cent and 17.12 per cent, respectively, up slightly from the same period in the previous year, maintaining the successful nationalization of the import of process-wide industrial control software and facilitating the intellectual transformation of the industry.
The company built a new generation of self-controlled engineering and control software (Iiplat) around the issue of smelting-line industry control of “crystal” and successfully achieved a national production replacement of imported industrial and control software for the entire process; completed the plc product master programme and architecture, advanced a new generation of key technologies for plc products and nationalized multiple projects
Alternative and scale-up applications. Corporate capacity-building for innovative leadership of industrial Internet systems has led to industrial innovation. The Internet and metallurgical industries have been integrated in a wider, deeper and higher level of innovation, expanding the influence of industrial Internet platforms and creating a set of innovative demonstration applications.
"Induction" project, which builds robotics with a punctuation; "Polo" cloud platform, with equity incentives on the ground and long-term growth without fear", 2022.12.31.
A robotic product based on the platform ' s business scenario expansion, data service upgrading, business model expansion support.
Annual Report Review: The main camp business is steadily moving forward, and the layout of the iron and steel “the big industry is expected to bring big numeracy demands and to actively advance the construction of the bases at Treasure Cloudidc” 2022.08.24.
In conjunction with national policy orientation, resource advantages, and priority client needs, companies actively participate in the development of national numeracy hubs, nodes and national data centre industrial clusters, which promote the construction, recruitment and operation of the Treasure Clouds and the Idc bases.
Book services, digital robotics, etc., create new business growth points; build on the expansion of one+ platform capabilities in molecular companies, complete the treasure cloud under the “one headquarters multibase” framework
Overall service delivery management programme. With the rapid development of the ai industry, the company’s idc business is expected to grow for many years in the industrial manufacturing sector, and the company continues to increase its efforts in information high technology research and development, with new growth in the idc engine room construction and lower-than-expected risks: steel industry integration and less-than-expected climate
Risks: Unexpected risks of less developed industrial Internet operations: Figure plc does not promote as much as expected: The author of the pe-band software for the last three years has either been qualified for portfolio investment consultancy or considerable professional competence by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent, professional attitude and independence and objectivity
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.