Quarterly reviews of the Treasure News software (600845.sh) continued to improve with a slight pressure on the Māori rate during the first quarter of 2023, which resulted in a gross operating income of 2,522 million during the reporting period.
On April 28, 2023, there was a 1 per cent increase in the same year, a 9.7 per cent increase in the net profit of parent companies of 499 million yuan in the same year, and a 487 million gain in the net profit of non-parent companies of the same year of 10.5 per cent in the same year.
Cao Xuant, a quarter of the year, has been under pressure, cost-side management and research and development costs have increased. The company q1 collection has remained largely the same as the same period last year and has not been able to sustain the growth trend of 22 q4.
The company expects to generate $103 billion in 23 years, an increase of 37.4% compared to 22 years, from the association of BMW and its subsidiaries.
The annual informatization of steel companies remains optimistic. 1’s management and R & D costs have increased by 31.3% and 52.5%, respectively. Among these, the management costs have increased, and we believe that within the expectations, consideration should be given to the location of the company’s new equity incentive programme, resulting in an increase of 31.3% and 52.5%, respectively.
The increase in R & D inputs is somewhat higher than expected, showing that the company is still grinding its own products and technologies. The combined M & A rate continues to improve, and the profitability of its contribution continues to increase.
We maintain our judgement about the future upward trend in the company's Māori ratio, especially considering the application of the “Boardon” industrial Internet platform and the roll-out of the large autonomous plc, which will further reduce the company.
The marginal cost of project implementation delivery. Investment proposal: We reiterate the recommended logic for Treasure Software: the need to integrate and purchase the information upgrades, to be released on a continuous basis, with industrial Internet platforms, plc and bologna industrial robots as the core of the intellectual system.
Building 2.0, steel info business is still on schedule; data centre idc continues to grow robustly with competitive advantages in terms of access to resources, liquidity, customer base and professional operations.
ii. Treasure letter software for the first time covers reports: the demand for solid enabler steel decreases: the technology is less advanced than expected.
There are market risks, and investors are determined to be legally qualified firms for portfolio investment advice. The funders should not simply rely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and assume their own investment risks.