On April 4th, the Treasure News software released its annual report 2022, which generated business income of $13.15 billion a year, compared to the liquidity of millions of shares.
A 63 per cent increase over the same year and a 59 per cent increase over the same period in the net profit of $620 million from non-mortality.
Decline of 0.01 pct, decrease of 0.08 pct in R & D costs. With good cost control and Maori performance, the company ' s profit quality has increased markedly throughout the year, profit ends have increased significantly faster than revenue ends, net interest rates have risen and several large idc projects have progressed in tandem, and business gains are expected.
On September 16th, 2022, Bo Yunhua North Base began work, with a total project size of 20,000 8kw cabinets, located in the framework of the Jingjin node of the engineering hub, Zhang Jiaguchi Data Centre cluster. In the same vein, the Long Triangle Digital Technology Centre planned a total of 20,000 cabinets, and Bo's 5 phases a total of 1.05.
In addition, there are the saddlemounts, the Martial Steel Data Center project, which is expected to be released quickly. We combine multiple information, such as company announcements, civil news, and projections of the number of idc cabinets that are currently being built and planned.
Over the next two to three years, the scale of the operation will continue to grow. Overlaying the negative impact of the epidemic on the progress of the construction process, and reheating high-end chips, high-beta or sustainable in the industry. From 2017 to 2021, the country’s data centre city cagr was 30.2% of the size, and the rate of growth is generally robust.
The value of the company's idc storage facility in Shanghai is becoming more visible in parallel with the development of the North China and Long Triangle idc projects. Given the time lag, high value added, such as heat data, remains sensitive to physical distance.
In 2022, the company used the Treasure Clouds effect to launch group cloud files, Eurosign electronic signatures, encryption certificate services, rpa digital machines.
A new business growth point has been created by services products such as saas; and an overall service delivery management programme under the “one-base multi-base” framework has been completed based on the extension of one+ platform capabilities in molecular companies 1. “Waaan Securities_Computer Industry_Indepth Report _”.
We are aware of the new Treasure, Five-D Valuable Dragons, plc and the self-controllable start-up effectiveness of the engineering software.
Q3 profits released in accordance with expectations, successful certification in multiple production lines of the Department of Long-term Robust Growth and the prospect of breaking the large plc, which is dominated by high-end intelligence, is still in Siemens.
In 2022, the company revolved around the metallurgical line 3.
Industrial control of the “crystal” problem, construction of a new generation of autonomous and controlled industrial software, iplat, successful implementation of a full-scale strategic adjustment to improve the quality of operations, in line with the data, national production substitution of process imported industrial and regulatory software; completion of the plc product master programme and structure design, advancement
The new generation of key technologies for plc products is closing down to national production substitution and scale applications for multiple projects.3 Industry competition has increased and firms have gradually reduced their pre-emptive advantage;
Haaanresearch uses legally compliant information to produce this report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.