Cash flow continues to improve, smart manufacturing +idc expansionable, bouncing software (600845.sh) – domestic intelligence manufacturing and idc taps, maintaining a "buy-in" rating
• Events: company reports 2022, steady growth in performance, improved quality of operations, company reports 2022, corporate business income of $13.15 billion, an increase of 11.82 per cent, compared with the increase of 11.82 per cent.
Growth of 21.91 per cent. Corporate performance has continued to improve, (1) corporate profitability has increased, with net cash flows from net corporate operations in 2022 amounting to $2,522 million, an increase of 30.78 per cent over the year, mainly as a result of further improvements in the management of operating funds by the Department of Public Administration, an increase in the collection rate of business operations and an increase in the net acceptance of instruments as they fall due.
• Intelligent manufacturing: BMW manufacturing space is wide, industry expansion is expected to open the growing ceiling, and companies are expected to continue to benefit from BMW merger restructuring and intelligence as the only industrial software provider under the umbrella of BMW Group, creating opportunities for upgrading. According to the company ' s Daily Associated Transactions Bulletin, 2023, related parties are expected to operate in 2023.
Substitution, with national production substitution and scale applications for multiple plc projects, is expected to accelerate the expansion of the steel industry from the outside, opening the growing ceiling. The company announced on March 14 that a joint venture had been set up to launch an intelligent advance in the field of bovine mines, and that it would continue to see the potential for expansion of the company’s industry in the future.
“Acceleration of three-quarters performance recovery, cash flow — idc:ai upgradation of arithmetic needs, company-wide deployment time-limited”
The accelerated application of products such aschatgpt has significantly increased the need for numeracy. The company is actively involved in the construction of the national numeracy hub nodes and the industrial cluster of the national data centre to facilitate the construction and operation of the Treasure Cloud idc bases.
With the advantages of customer resource endowments, position advantages, and effective supply capacity, one would benefit fully from a wave of arithmetic demand. Continuing to drive growth - corporate update report.
Can Create Waves - Corporate Update Report