The Center for Research in Smart Manufacturing and New Materials (CRIS) The purchase of constant hydraulic pressure (60110.sh) (first rating) The domestic production of hydraulics and the growth of pump valves are driven by growth
In the second half of 2016, the dredging market resumed, and company oil tank operations expanded significantly; and hydraulic pump valves expanded.
Litcher entered the market and the city’s share rose steadily. In the first three quarters of 2018, the company earned $3.16 billion, an increase of 56% in the same year, a net profit of $719 million for mothers, an increase of 160% in the same year.
In 2017, with the recovery of downstream engineering machinery, the company successfully moved into the excavator pump valve market.
Revenue of $250 million, an increase of 188 per cent over the same period; the small-divide pump valves are now in bulk, and the large- and medium-divide pump valves are finished, production line layouts are in place, and production capacity is gradually released. The excavator tank is stabilized.
The excavator industry has experienced a depression to a recovery cycle, with the same fluctuations in revenue from the excavator tanks. The cumulative sales of the excavators in November 2018 were 1,874,000, an increase of 48 per cent, the outlook for subsequent renewals dominated, industry sales stabilized, companies continued to expand their client base, and there is still room for growth in the excavator tanks.
The company has an advantage in the area of non-turbine tanks, where the share of the domestic shield market was once more than 70%. During the low years of the excavator industry, the company has increased its efforts to develop non-scaling tank industries and smooth the fluctuations in overall revenue. Since this year, the company has been operating offshore high-altitude platforms, seamen's equipment.
There has been faster growth in the non-barrelled oil tank sector. The domestic shield + offshore high-altitude platforms require 3 billion yuan/year, and the large and scattered market for the non-barrel fuel tank provides company performance.
Biancy@gjzg.com.cn Zhao Xiao, Risk of a significant decrease in the sales of excavators: the risk of an increase in receivables and inventories: market sales of pump valve products
Not as much as expected: the risk of a substantial increase in the price of raw materials. ▪ Corporate investment logic: constant hydration is the backbone of domestic hydraulic parts, which, from an industry perspective, are core basic parts, the company market extends from excavators to heavy equipment of all types, and space expansion is applied;
From the point of view of the product, the company maintains a high market rate in the hydraulic tank, and the hydraulic pump valve enters the release period. Key factors: analysis of the sales of downstream excavators.
The elasticity of sales growth is influenced by the current expectations of the capital-compensation panel, where fixed-asset investment has increased at a steady pace, the pulse factors have not changed significantly, and future sales of excavators are expected to stabilize.
The company’s products range from hydraulic tanks to hydraulic pump valves, hydraulic motors, downstream applications including excavators, shielders, seamen, high altitude, etc.
The company’s downstream clients are moving from domestic engineering machines, the head of the machinery, such as Trinity, Xu, Willow, etc., to foreign engineering machinery, such as Carter, Shinto Steel, etc.
Corporate supply systems, which now cover the world’s well-known engineering and machinery hosts. In the excavators, the company’s share of the market is about 50 per cent; in the non-plating tanks, the city’s share is more than $1 billion, and the capital is much stronger. On the one hand, it invests in the expansion of production, increases the capacity of high-precision foundries, and builds.
The production line for hydraulic pump valves; on the other hand, the acquisition of hydraulic valve products and technology directly from the outside, the acquisition of Shanghai Pump valves in 2012 and the acquisition of Haweinline, Germany, in 2015.
(1) Between 2008 and 2011, there was a rapid development of domestic engineering machinery, with a significant increase in demand for hydraulic tanks, with a compound increase in corporate income of 56.4 per cent (2) Between 2011 and 2015, engineering machinery moved from boom to low valleys, with excavator sales pre-dating
70 per cent cut off at the high end; the expansion of the non-scaling tank business enabled the company to stabilize its total revenues, (3) from 2015 to 2018, the engineering and machinery industry recovered and the volume of excavator sales out of the previous high point, and in the third quarter, the company earned $3.16 billion, increased 56 per cent, returned to its mother a net profit of $720 million and increased.
The company's largest downstream industry is a hydraulic dredging machine, the largest segment of the market in the large category of engineering machinery, since 2016.
The recovery of the process mechanics industry is the main driving force. The scale of fixed asset investment determines the base of demand, and pulse factors (e.g. credit policies, environmental requirements, one-way travel, etc.) influence the magnitude of the increase in sales.
Pulse factors have not changed significantly, and future excavator sales are expected to be at a flat and moderate rate. Figure 8: Determinants of excavator sales. 2008-2011 is the first boom in domestic engineering machinery, capital construction and expansion of real estate investments.
The combination and easing of credit policies led to the outbreak of demand for excavators, with annual sales increasing from 77,000 to 178,000, followed by a significant slowdown in capital construction, a decline in demand for new investment in fixed assets and the entry of the engineering and machinery industry.
During the following period, the volume of excavator sales continued to shrink, with 563,000 in 2015 and only in 2011. In the second half of 2016, the excavator industry began to recover, increasing at a single-month rate of more than 50 per cent, to 140,000; by November 2018, the cumulative volume of excavators had increased by 1874,000, compared to the previous year.
Digger needs measurement model: stock update + incremental purchases + net exports. Digger needs are derived from the scale of investments in fixed assets, the replacement of existing holdings, and additional purchases for incremental investments. We measured the demand for excavators in 2019-2022 at between 200,000 and 220,000 units.
(1) Updated needs: At the end of 2017, our hydraulic excavators had a capacity of 155.7 to 16,866,000 units, representing an increase of about 3.9 per cent over the previous year, depending on the working conditions and state of security, and the period of use (2) additional requirements: the current density of the excavators ' use of fixed asset investments was 2.46 units/
(3) Net export volume: in recent years, excavator exports have remained largely at the same level as imports, with exports slightly greater than imports, with the difference between the pulse factors in the excavator industry in 2019: first, the support of demand for capital supplementation measures in the areas of railways, roads, energy, etc., and second, the continued and increased use of excavators in mining and rural infrastructure;
Third, the 2020 national four emission standards are in the implementation phase. Under the current expectations of the short panels, fixed-assembly investment is smooth, there is no significant change in pulse factors, and future sales of excavators are expected to stabilize.2 The excavator tanks are stable and hydraulic pump valves break through.
2.1. Excavator tanks: aggregate demand stabilized and market share of the excavator hydraulic systems typically include: power elements (hydrated pumps), control elements (hydrated valves), execution elements (hydrated fuel tanks, motors), power media (hydrated oils), auxiliary components (oil tanks, pressure)
Accumulating, accumulating, etc.) is the implementing agency and core component of the excavator. The fluid pressure system of the excavator accounts for about 30% of the total unit cost, with hydraulic pumps and motors accounting for 29% of the hydraulic system, hydraulic valves accounting for 26%, hydraulic tanks for 18%, and others for 27%.
A hydraulic excavator usually needs to be equipped with four of the company’s excavator tanks. The hydraulic pump valves are growing rapidly. The hydraulic tank is a mature product of the company, accounting for 78% of total revenue in 2017, of which the excavator tank accounts for 41%, and the non-polluted tank accounts for 41%.
At $249 million a year, the same-year increase of 200 per cent, or 9 per cent of total income. Hydraulic devices account for 6 per cent of total income, mainly industrial pump valves from the Shanghai New Shanghai and hydraulic technology components.
In 2019-2021, the domestic market for excavators reached 3.2 billion, 3.4 billion and 3.5 billion yuan. (1) Large, medium and small digger sales accounted for 15 per cent of large digs, 25 per cent of medium digs and 2 per cent of small diggers. (2) Prices for large excavators averaged approximately $10,000 per tank, 4000 yuan per tank, small
There are three types of suppliers in the country, the Japanese and the Korean, whose Chinese tank manufacturers are already in the lead, and the industry's leader, the Tijuana Hydraulic City.
The share of the field is close to 50%; the primary supply of the solar pine hydraulics is the Chinese factory of Pine, the Korean utility plant of Toyoyama, and the diggers of Dooshan China, Japan, etc. However, in the area of hydraulic pump valves, much of it depends on imports, especially in the market for large and medium pump valves.
At the beginning of the growth of the domestic dredging market in 2009, the company sold 50.6 million excavators, accounting for about 13.3 per cent of the domestic dredging tank market. By 2017, 274.1 million separators were sold, and the company ' s share in the specialized tank was about 48.8 per cent.
The company’s share of the company’s share remains small, given that the overall sales of excavators have remained stable.
2.2. Hydraulic pump valves: Industry’s low-prevalence and rapid rise in recovery is worth twice as much as a tank, with even greater technical difficulties. Based on excavator sales, the market size of the domestic excavator hydraulic pump valve is expected to reach 6.9 billion in 2019-2021.
In 2017, sales of domestic excavators increased by the same amount as in the United States.
99.5% of Japan’s hydraulic plant, Kyb, has seen a 38% increase in revenue, and the main plant’s sales are increasing at a significantly faster rate than those of foreign spare parts producers. Domestic hydraulic manufacturers, such as foreign hydraulic manufacturers, have experienced insufficient capacity, prolonged supply cycles, and constant hydraulic pressure, are gaining market entry opportunities.
The company began to expand the market for hydraulic valves, taking advantage of listed financing opportunities. High-precision castings are the main bottleneck for hydraulic products, with the company investing $594 million in 2011 to build a high-precision hydraulic casting phase;
In 2018, as a result of the full capacity of the first phase of the project, the company plans to invest $500 million in the second phase of the high-precision hydraulic casting project to support the development of hydraulic pumps and hydraulic valves. On the outreach side, the department acquired Shanghai Lighem and Haweinline, Germany, and gained national leadership and internationally recognized hydraulic pressure.
Figure 22: Corporate hydraulic valve business development layout 2011: Increased casting capacity, $594 million invested in high-precision hydraulics in Changzhou
The project, which provides the basis for the development and production of hydraulic pump valves, was launched in 2012: the acquisition of Shanghai Licheng, the investment of $126 million in the acquisition of 60 per cent of Shanghai Licheng shares, the acquisition of hydraulic valve product technology and branding.
2013: Establishment of the Permanent State New (hydropressure technology precursor) with a registered capital of 600 million, and subsequent investment of 1.5 billion dollars in the construction of a hydraulic pump valve production base. 2014: industry low season, persistence of hydraulic pump valve development, sustained capital investment.
2015: Acquisition of German Haweinline and acquisition of overseas hydraulic pump technology brands. 2018: investment of $500 million in high-precision hydraulic casting project II. Recovering the dredgers industry, pump valve operations started to work.
In 2014, the corporate hydraulic pump valves achieved revenue of $3.85 million, while the engineering and machinery industry remained in a low state. In the second half of 2016, a recovery began downstream, with a steady increase in excavator sales since August, with a cumulative increase of 19 per cent in sales throughout the year.
The production base has also reached its target level, at a time when the industry is recovering, revenue is beginning to be released, and small excavator hydraulic pump valve batches willows, willows and Xu's flagship plants, with a cumulative sales of about 40 million units in 2016, contributing $83.3 million.
In 2017, the volume of excavators increased significantly, to 140,000, or 99.5%. Foreign hydraulic pump valves have had insufficient capacity to meet the surge in demand in the market.
Figure 23: Changes in income from company pump valve operations
In 2018, a large number of large-scale domestic mainstream mainframe plants are expected to take up nearly 20% of the market in small-divide pump valves. Medium- and large-scale pump valves are in place, effectively replenished, and the volume of output is steadily increasing.
The scale of the high expenditure on hydraulic technology capital, but the scale of sales has not yet been released, the cost of amortization per unit of product has been higher, the wind has been reheated and the stock of products has been stored, and the sales of pump valves by subsidiary hydraulics have started to be released, and the scale effect has been shown, with a profit of 35.5 million reported in 2018.
3. Non-flagged tanks provide security mats, industrial equipment is in demand for hydraulics is extensive 3.1, non-flagged tanks are widely downstream and are relatively high-risk-resilient  in terms of the overall mechanical equipment industry, hydraulic transmissions are more powerful and smaller in size, etc.
The mechanical equipment industry is widely used. In developed countries, hydraulic industry is responsible for 2% to 3.5% of total mechanical industry output. In 2017, our hydraulic industry sold 59.2 billion yuan, or less than 1% of total mechanical industry output.
Hydraulics are widely used in large industrial equipment, such as engineering machinery, aerospace, metallurgical machinery, agricultural machinery, mine machinery, etc. According to the China Industrial Information Network, sales of hydraulic products in the field of engineering machinery in 2014 accounted for 35% of the hydraulic market.
▪ The company’s heavy equipment is widely used in non-flagged tanks, downstream covering shield units, naval equipment, high-altitude platforms, new energy sources, etc. Domestic urban rail construction is expected to peak in 2020, leading to stable market demand for shields, high-altitude platforms in overseas markets, high-rise equipment, etc.
During the downside of the excavator industry, the company developed a robust market for heavy equipment, and sales and revenues of non-square tanks increased steadily. From 2011 to 2015, the company’s revenue from non-square tank operations increased from $236 million to $236 million.
516 million yuan, or 21.5 per cent of the annual compound rate of growth, provides security cushions for the performance of non-flagged tanks, resulting from the decline in revenue from the operation of excavator tanks, and the platform market for high-altitude operations.
The construction of tunnels, such as railways, has led to market demand for shields, of which the metro is the most important. The country’s accumulated urban rail lines were 5021.7 km long in late 2017, with 868.9 km added in 2017. Based on 44 urban planning units under construction, it is expected that the country will be new between 2018 and 2020.
For the next three years, a total of 325 units are expected to be needed in the country’s internal shield market.
The high-altitude platform needs 1.7 billion dollars a year. The constant hydraulic platform uses oil for high-altitude platforms, which are mainly exported to the European and American markets, and the high-altitude platform in the United States and 10 European countries in 2016.
With an estimated 830,000 units and an estimated average annual acquisition of 180,000 units between 2018 and 2020, based on 5 per cent of the high-altitude platform ' s cost, market demand for high-altitude platforms ' hydraulic tanks 3.2, production capacity release resulting in a spread of manufacturing costs and a stable rate of profit from lower steel prices
▪ The company’s Māori rate has recovered rapidly with downstream recovery. The company’s Māori ratio has risen rapidly from 36% of the previous years’ high demand in the downstream excavator industry in 2017 to 38.8% as a result of the release of the Māori rate; the trend of 28% of the Māori ratio of the non-square tank, which is consistent with the trend of the excavator tank, is 31.7% in 2017;
The increase in the Māori rate is mainly due to higher sales of products resulting in an amortization of manufacturing costs. The constant hydration cost consists of three components: raw materials, direct labour, and manufacturing costs. The raw materials account for about 60% of the total cost, mainly steel and steel products.
The factor is the spread of manufacturing costs as a result of the scale effect of output releases. From 2013 to 2017, the cost of raw materials per unit product of company excavators rose by 1.26 per cent, direct labour by 17.7 per cent, but the cost of manufacturing fell by 19 per cent; during the same period, the rate of Maori in excavators increased by 2.06 percentage points.
The company’s main raw materials are steel and steel products, which account for about 50% of the main operating costs. In late November, steel prices fell markedly, and the current spline price was $3,800 per ton, a decrease of about 10% compared to the beginning of the year.
The level of the Māori rate, which is expected to drop by 10 per cent at a time when the prices of the product have remained stable, and the crude oil tank, which has a strong correlation with the sales of the downstream excavators, has stabilized overall sales in 2019 and beyond, and the company continues to open up the main customers of the excavators and is expected to maintain its revenue at a moderate rate.
Growth. After stabilizing downstream demand and falling steel prices, product prices are unlikely to increase significantly, and gross hydraulic pump valves are expected to grow: pump valve operations are growing at a time when small pump valves are already being supplied in large quantities, medium and large pump valves are being used alongside new production lines, capacity is being released, and revenues are expected to grow at a rate of 50 per cent.
Non-square tanks: beneficial shielding units, high-altitude operating platforms, seawork equipment requirements, matching of non-square tank and excavator tank capacity, expected steady growth in revenue and smooth overall performance fluctuations; Māori rates are expected to decrease slightly at a high level.
The risk of a significant drop in the sales of excavators: 13.7 per cent of the day-to-day start-up hours for the construction machinery of the Diggers in November. The company ' s revenues are about 40 per cent of the oil tanks dedicated to the excavators, which could result in lower than expected sales of excavators, and consequently affect the company ' s revenue from the business of the diggers.
▪ Risk of an increase in accounts receivable and inventory: The previous three quarters had seen an increase in corporate accounts receivable and inventory swing days, as well as an increase in swing days due from downstream mainframe plants, Trinity, Willow and Xu, and a decrease in the return and sales quality of the engineering and machinery industry in the recent period.
The roll-out of hydraulic valves has been slower than expected: due to the lack of capacity of foreign manufacturers of spare parts ... There is a risk that the company will be able to achieve a rapid breakthrough in the excavator hydraulic valves, if future sales of excavators decrease, and if overall demand for hydraulics drops, that the market opening of the company's pump valve products will be less advanced than expected.
The risk of a significant increase in steel prices: steel and steel products account for more than half of the company’s main operating costs, and there is a risk of a decline in the company’s Māori ratio if steel prices rise significantly in the short term.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment