2201 Prospective + Special Distribution in 21 with high oil prices + low valuation China Sea Oil (600938.sh) China Ocean Oil (0883.hk)
Chen Sook-hyun, cfa, has increased its profits substantially. In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved a net yield of 151 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 9.64 per cent over the same period, an average of $98 per barrel per quarter, oil for the first quarter.
The gas revenue was $82.4 billion, an increase of 70.44 per cent. Of this amount, net domestic production of 109.3 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 15.4 per cent, was derived from the production of new projects, such as Cao Cao's 6-4, 21-2 flowers and Deep Sea I gas fields. Guyana's Liza II project was launched in February 2022.
Prior to the launch, the company estimated that it could reach a peak of 220,000 barrels per day during the year. During this period, the company obtained the first four new discoveries from China Ocean Oil (0883.hk), and 13 evaluation wells were successful.
Guy reported that high oil prices + low valuation + high dividends, with a major breakthrough of 19-2 in the south, are expected to be large- and medium-sized oilfields. Overseas, Guyana, China Sea Oil for Historical Opportunity. 2022.01.25
Fangtooth and laulau, where new discoveries have been made, will be further expanded in total availability.
China Sea Oil (600938.sh): High oil prices increased by 5% by $16 billion last quarter, mainly due to increased workload. + Low valuation + high dividends continued to materialize, and China Sea Oil continued to materialize
The energy cycle triggers high energy inflation and continues to look at the historical configuration of energy resources, such as crude oil. China Sea Oil (600938.sh): China Sea Oil Council. We believe that capital spending is a constraint, whether on conventional hydrocarbon resources or on shale oil in the United States.
The main reason for crude oil production is that, considering the global deficit in long-term capital spending on crude oil, the elasticity of the global supply of crude oil will decline, while demand for crude oil will continue to grow in the transition to old and new energy sources, the world will continue to face a shortage of crude oil for many years, international oil prices will be on the run in 2022, and oil prices in the medium to long term.
Energy resources are expected to remain high over the long term for the next three to five years, continuing to look firmly at the current round of energy inflation and continuing to look firmly at the historic deployment of energy resources, such as crude oil, in the energy cycle.
The core value of investment in China and China is the low-cost advantage. Low-cost is the core competitive power of oil companies. It is also the key to raising profits and countering the risk of oil price volatility.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. continued its counter-cyclical investments to increase the volume and volume of crude oil reserves, with significant efficiency gains.
International oil prices continued to rise to over $100 in the first quarter of the year, raising the company's barrel oil costs to $30.59 per barrel, of which $7.52 (compared to $0.74 per barrel).
US$ 14.94 for depreciation and amortization of barrel oils (same-$0.96), barrel oil disposals US$ 4.61 for other taxes (same-same +$2.06), while maintaining a relatively high yield advantage. We believe that the global offshore garment industry is still relatively surplus, despite rising oil prices.
The cost increases for the operation of the garments have been limited, and as companies continue to increase their exploration and development efforts, particularly in large deep-sea oil fields such as Guyana, the size of reserves and production will increase further, the depreciation amortization would have been expected to remain low and the competitive advantage of the company in low barrel oil costs would continue to be consolidated.
China Sea oil maintains high capital spending and yields increase. China Sea oil will maintain crude oil, driven by China’s \triangleright Ocean Oil Group Limited’s seven-year action plan
Production grew steadily. In 2021, the company produced 573 million barrels of oil equivalent. By 2022, the company ' s net oil and gas production target would be 600-610 million barrels of oil equivalent, with China accounting for about 1 million barrels of oil equivalent and 680-690 million barrels of oil equivalent, with China accounting for about 65 per cent and overseas about 65 per cent.
Over the next three years, on the basis of the above data, we expect that the company's annual net production target will be 730 million barrels of oil equivalent, and that the increase in oil and gas production will lead to vast space for offshore oil and gas exploration and the creation of the company's potential for sustainable development.
In the 1950s, intensive exploration for oil and gas on land began, and in the 1980s we were only involved in oil and gas exploration on the sea. At present, the growth of new reserves of oil and gas on land is weak, marine oil and gas have greater exploration and exploration space, and according to the Fourth National Assessment of Hydrocarbon Resources, 2016, our regular oil resources are currently growing.
The detection rates for land and sea areas are 40% and 32%, respectively, for technology 45% and 33%, respectively, and for marine reserves are lower than land. According to China Sea Oil Group Energy Economics Research Institute, published on 14 January 2022, China ' s Marine Energy Development Report 2021, 2021.
In 2022, our marine crude oil production was expected to reach 57.6 million tons, an increase of about 5.4 per cent compared to the previous year, maintaining the country’s leading position in terms of the increase in oil. China’s maritime area is the China Sea oil core operation.
In the region, China Sea oil has now applied to the state for mine certificates for areas with potential for development in China’s maritime areas, with more than 90% of the regional certificates held by China Sea oil.
As of 28 April, a share represented 5.50% of the company’s total stock after issuance, of which a share in the circulation of unlimited sales terms was 3.16%.
Guyana Payara oil field development, secondary development of the 11-1/4-1 oil field, secondary development of the Guyana liza oil field, development of the land-rich oil field, 17-2 mausoleum gas field development, 12-3 oil field development, 32-6/Chaeji island ashore power application engineering of the 11-1 oil field, Brigade 6-2 oil
On the other hand, with Chinese petrochemicals and Chinese oil, “exploration-refining-retailing”
Unlike the land integrated oil company, China Sea oil is the largest offshore oil and gas producer in the country and the largest independent oil and gas exploration and producer in the world, the return of China Sea oil has further enriched the stock type of a market and filled the gap in the domestic market in purely upstream stocks.
At the bottom of the two-way valuation, the company’s shareholdings were significantly restored to space. More profitable, less volatile and better asset quality than other oil companies had been able to move through the oil price cycle.
In terms of horizontal and vertical contrasts, companies have significant value-repair spaces. High dividends lead, highlighting the value of the company’s investments.
In the last 10 years, China and China have seen a gradual increase in the rate of dividends, and in 2020, China and China oil forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast net profits for the company in 2022-2024 to be 5.92, 5.32 and 4.77 times, respectively, for the Japanese and the Chinese shares.
Given that the company benefits from the rise in crude oil prices and is significantly below industry levels and enjoys high dividends, we maintain risk factors for the company ' s a and h shares: recurring epidemics, economic fluctuations and downside risks for oil prices; and the company ' s rate of increase in production.
\triangleright and expected risks; economic sanctions; and geopolitical risks. B.A. in Economics and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for crude oil prices, oil fields.
Industrial chain studies, such as mining, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment appraisals for the petrochemical projects of the Chinese firm Sindha Asset Management Corporation. 2021 The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical observations or observations in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.