The new cycle logic of silicone capacity will continue to exceed expectations, and the new orders will decline significantly. At the end of January, we suggested that as the industry’s landscape returns to silicone, the photovoltaic silicone industry is expected to rise to a new price surge, while the single crystal penetration rate will not.
The industry is about to start a new cycle of expansion. The China-ring today announces 5 issues of 25gw single-crystal capacity planning to meet our previous judgement, while we expect other silicon producers to announce their investment plans gradually, and the new cycle logic of silicon capacity will continue.
We expect a 50% penetration rate in the monocrystal silicon industry in 2018, which is expected to rise to 80-90% in the next 2-3 years, combined with an annual compound increase of 20-30% in the capacity of the industry and an increase in demand for monocrysilica equipment.
We do not expect much technological change in the silicon chain, while approaching parity, where single crystal silicon profit fluctuations will be smaller than in the past, and continued expansion of the industry will be the approximate event.  Performance in 2018 met expectations, and profitability increased significantly.
The company has issued a fast-track performance report, with a revenue of $2,536 million in 2018, compared to +30.11 per cent in the same year; the profit-bearing semiconductor equipment business has begun to recognize revenue, increasing its share of total revenue, and the overall Māori ratio of the company will continue to rise in the future as semiconductor equipment orders continue to land.
2) The scale-down efficiency effect is evident. Stock orders support the high performance growth of 2019, and semiconductor orders are expected to fall at an accelerated rate.
+, the company has also continued to develop its overseas market steadily on the basis of its multi-year strategic cooperation with China, Crystal, Crystal Australia, etc., and has obtained a large Hanhua order. Meanwhile, in 2018, the company acquired semiconductor equipment, with orders exceeding 450 million (including semiconductor monocrystals with Middle Ring Lead Semiconductor Materials, etc.),
Contract for cut-off machines, grinder equipment, for a total amount of 40 million dollars, currently supplied in bulk by the company semiconductor 8 inches of single crystal furnaces, further release of processing equipment such as 12 inches of single crystals and grinders, cut-off machines, client in flow, 8 January 2019, Central Ring shares release a stock advance, proposed
By the end of q3, the company had not completed a contract totalling 2,870 million (including 171 million semiconductor equipment).
Of this total, the contract value was $513 million, while the contract value of the partial shipment was $1,988 million, not yet reached 1. Central Ring Billion Unfinished Contracts were carried over in the fourth quarter of 2018, mostly in 2019.
Project, semiconductor performance is expected to accelerate on all contracts with value added tax (VAT) amounts.
2 Crystal Spill Power (300316): 80% of photovoltaic equipment purchases are estimated to correspond to the new order size of 6 billion yuan left for the crystals engine, continuous improvement in the flow and semiconductor operations.
Figure 6: Stock orders sustain high performance in 2019.