The Central Ring is going to raise $5 billion plus semiconductor silicon, half a million 8-inch polishers and 150,000 12-inch monthly polish chip production lines.
The project ' s implementers are the lead in this project, co-financed by the crystals engine, the central shares and the tin-free municipality, for the implementation of a large silicon-free integrated circuit project (10 per cent of the shares, 30 per cent of the central shares, 30 per cent of the central cycle and 30 per cent of the non-tin development).
The monocrystal field has grown into a world-class supplier of equipment, and the large silicon silicon whole-line manufacturing capacity has reached 80%, and we expect that the central ring will give priority to crystal-spilling equipment in its expansion, and that crystal-single power will benefit significantly from the gradual realization of semiconductor equipment.
The layout of the crystal-spill semiconductor operation has begun to enter the harvest period, and performance is on track to be measured according to our model (see appendix), with 12 inches of silicon spending at 2.4 billion per 100,000 standard lines (1.68 billion equipment), so that 12,150,000 pieces are invested at a total of 3.6 billion (2.5 billion equipment investment);
(b) The neutral assumption is that crystallizer power accounts for 60 per cent of total procurement, corresponding to 1.08 billion annual equipment orders.
The semiconductor equipment space is wide, and the crystals order is expected to enter the outbreak period, and the global semiconductor silicon missing will continue into 2021, while benefiting from the transfer of the semiconductor industry to China, where large silicon investments are planned at over $60 billion, and where the need for half-conductor silicon equipment over the next three years is high
According to data from China's semiconductor industry association, there are currently more than 20 production lines for domestic planning and 12-inch crystal mills that are already under construction, driven by national policy and market demand.
The industry is making a major turn, with semiconductor equipment companies in the country facing historic opportunities in 2019.
The semiconductor equipment space is wide, and the crystals order is expected to enter the outbreak period. 2, Crystal Power (300316): Cash. The result of the winning bid at the technical pilot base since 2018 is dominated by perc-cum-assembly component technology.
Fluctuations continue to improve, semiconductor operations move up, and more advanced technologies that have not yet been produced on a large scale seem to be titanium.
In February 2017, the Eastern Ring introduced partner sunpower global patent-efficient stacking components 3, Crystal Gear Power (300316), reporting technology as the only manufacturer in the country authorized to obtain a legal IPR licence. We expect the stacking.
In line with expectations, semiconductor orders are expected to accelerate for one of the strongest equipment companies in the photovoltaics industry, whose capacity for research and development of stacking equipment is also in the lead in the country, and are expected to benefit significantly in the future from the increased penetration of stacking operations.
Measuring the market space for silicon equipment from the point of view of silicon demand and supply: our model is based mainly on data from the Chinese Electronic Materials Industry Association: 4-6 inches of silicon currently needed in the country for basic satisfaction; total production of 8 inches of silicon (including polishing and extrapolation) amounted to 1.2 million pieces, while monthly demand
About 800,000 units, with a projected monthly demand of 7.5 to 8 million units starting in 2020; 12 inches of silicon, which is completely dependent on the portal, are now estimated to be about half a million pieces per month, and 1.1 to 1.3 million pieces per month after 2018. According to our estimates, the total demand for silicon equipment by 2020 is 59 billion yuan (i.e., in terms of holdings).
Between 2017 and 2020, the demand for new equipment was 5.7 billion yuan, 7.7 billion yuan, 11.3 billion yuan, or 19.1 billion yuan, totalling 43.8 billion yuan: the demand for core equipment monocrystals was 4.8 billion yuan. 1) There was an outbreak of domestic demand and a limited supply of 12 inches of silicon in 2020, based on current capacity.
(b) The gap between supply and demand is the central factor leading to the expansion of all silicone plants;
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board