October 26, 2021. Overperformance, Māori rate rises significantly. Wave information (000977.sz)
The incident company issued its three-quarter report in 2021, which generated $4,624.7 million in revenues during the reporting period, including $1.208 billion in net profit from non-return to the mother, an increase of 98.76 per cent over the same period.
Income growth has been restored, and downstream demand has increased. In the first three quarters of 2021, companies achieved $4,6247 million in revenue, an increase of 1.64 per cent in the same year; and net profit returns to mothers, 1.351 billion, an increase in the same year, Lee.
Benefiting from downstream demand boosts, the server industry as a whole is operating well, and revenue recovery is increasing. During the reporting period, company inventories increased by 76.73 per cent over the beginning of the period, accounts payable increased by 76.73 per cent over the beginning of the period.
It is argued that the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate increases may be due to breakthroughs in non-Internet sector clients and optimization of client structures; higher Māori revenue ratios, such as i-server, marginal server etc., which boosts overall Māori; and management optimization, which is a major factor in the growth of Māori.
The leader is strong and has the advantage of leading. According to the latest report from idc, the 2021q2 wave is the second largest city in the world at 10.1 per cent, with China first, and the leader is strong and looks forward to its long-term development.
The risk of reduced capacity being controlled: the epidemic repeatedly poses a risk of instability of downstream orders.
Figure 1: Operating income and rate of increase by year Figure 3: Māori rate and changes in net interest rates (%)
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Manager. With a second-tier market experience and a long-term focus on science and technology corporate research, the University of Sydney joined the Chinese Galaxy Portfolio in 2019, mainly in computer/constructor investment studies.