∙ In-depth report for two carbon dividends - energy and water (600025) Reporting category: company depth report
Sector: Department of Industry and Company: Rehabilitating water from the last river basin in the first quarter of 2022, boosting company performance 94.396 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity generated by the company throughout the year in 2021, 3.25 per cent less than the same year.
At the same time, there was a 3.25 per cent decrease in the same year. The main reason was that in 2021, the entire river basin came with water that was dead compared to the previous year, including 15.9 per cent, 13.9 per cent, 14.4 per cent, and 15.9 per cent, 13.9 per cent, and 14.4 per cent, respectively, of the water that came from Utopia, Little Bay, Twilight paste, which resulted in a reduction in the annual capacity of the river basin and above; and the need to ensure a reliable supply of electricity in the winter of 2021 and spring of 2022.
The company strictly controlled the “two reservoirs” of the mini-basket and thugs. In the first quarter of 2022, as a result of the gradual recovery and stabilization of the water flow, the company achieved total operating income of 3,941 million yuan, or a billion yuan, a 23.4 per cent increase in the same year, mainly due to the recovery of the company’s electricity supply and higher electricity prices.
During the high-quality development phase of the green low-carbon transformation of the national energy structure, companies insisted on the strategic goal of accelerating the construction of the world's first-class green power enterprise, thus giving greater prominence to the company's focus on hydropower and the need to develop new energy sources vigorously.
Point. Under the “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality” goal, the primary path to the implementation of the “base-based, intensive, complementary” clean energy base development is to maintain the emphasis on green energy, with full efforts to promote hydropower and new energy sources and re-enhance. Internationalization is being steadily advanced, new power generation is being explored, and the integrated energy services industry is being actively developed.
By the end of 2021, the company had a capacity of 23,18.38 kilowatts. In 2021, the power supply rate of the integrated power plant was at the Toba power station, the follow-up construction of the Yunnan section of the Upper Lantern River, and the construction of a new energy project. The company’s new energy project was based mainly on its advantages over its geographical conditions.
The capital expenditure plan for 2022 is 10,512 million yuan, mainly for the Toba power station, the new energy project, and the construction of the upper Yunnan and Tibet sections of the Yangtze River. The company has now invested 22,944,880 kilowatts in hydropower and 235,000 kilowatts in new energy.
All in the pre-development process, the total installed capacity is expected to be 8.83 million kilowatts. Of these, the United States is the annual power station, which installed the first unit of the year, which generated all the power in 2035. The strategic goal of a new green power company, with hydropower power and new energy industries, will be implemented in the future, thus giving greater prominence to the company's new focus on hydropower.
Energy characteristics. The future will benefit from a national “double carbon” policy with long-term growth, and we will cover, for the first time, the course of corporate development, actual control over people and equity structures.
Huamengang Water and Power Co. Ltd. is a large watershed hydroelectric company owned and managed by China China China China Energy Group Ltd. It is a central player in the development of the Yunnan Hydropower Pillar and the implementation of the “West East” and “Cloud and Outgoing” industries, as well as a major participant in the “Hold Out.” The company is mainly engaged in hydropower resources in and around the Yanang River basin.
Development and operation, implementation of renewable energy construction operations such as solar photovoltaics and wind power, extensive experience in the management of large-scale hydroelectric construction and large-scale hydroelectric plant cluster operations, firm implementation of “outward” strategies and active participation in clean energy development in neighbouring countries.
Thousands of kilowatts, with an annual capacity of more than 100 billion kilowatt-hours, the size of the assets has been exceeded by 180 billion yuan, maintaining the development of “operating, building, stockpiling” and creating a pattern of development of “trans-basin, moving out, small, medium-sized, domestic and foreign synergies” that has become the largest clean power in Yunnan Province.
1.2.2. Holdings and de facto controllers: The controlling shareholders in the State Assets Supervision and Management Committee of the State Council are China China China Energy Group Limited, which holds 54.71 per cent of the company ' s total equity, and the controlling persons are the State Assets Supervision and Management Committee of the State Council.
The company’s main business is the development, investment, construction, operation and management of hydroelectric projects, and its main income is from the sale of hydroelectric power. The company is responsible for the development of dry-flow water resources, which are currently leading watersheds, ladders, rolling, integrated hydropower development, scientific construction, and high-level centralized water operations.
The company’s main product is electricity. According to the Circular of the National Energy Authority on the Documentation on Hydropower Development in the Watersheds of the Clan Rivers and Other Areas (National Energy Agency No. 257 (2012)), the company is responsible for the integrated development of dry water resources in the Clan Rivers, the ladder level, the power station development, including Tibet Changdu, to the border of the Yun-Shu River.
The mountain flows from the north to the south through the Qinghai, Tibet into Yunnan, and from the western two-tier Natoan Autonomous Region of Yunnan Province. The expatriation is known as the Mekong River, reflowing through Myanmar, Laos, Thailand, Cambodia, and Viet Nam into the South China Sea.
The upper Tibetan section of the river, the upper Yunnan section of the Yangtze River, and the lower central part of the Yangtze River. The ladder development programme in the upper Tibetan section of the Yangtze River is divided into a reservoir of eight levels, namely: the side hydroelectric power station, the Yoron hydroelectric power station, the Kagon hydroelectric power station, the Banda hydroelectric power station, such as the American hydroelectric power station, the Bondo hydroelectric power station, the ancient hydro power station, and the trazka hydroelectric power station, with a total installed capacity of 6.383 million kilowatts.
Central, for example, the MEW station has the capacity to regulate annually as a controlled reservoir for planning the river sector and its downstream. In this case, all of the ladder development in the Upstream Yunnan is currently in the pre-development process, with an estimated total installed capacity of 883 million kW. Among these, the U.S.A. is the annual transmission station, with 2.6 million kW, with 38.1 billion cubic kilometres of storage, and 2.43 billion km of recuperator capacity.
Construction is expected to start in 2023, initial generation in 2034, full generation in 2035, and a parallel development model for hydropower and new energy industries will be implemented in the future. By the end of 2021, 45.65 per cent of the construction of the Toba power plant had been completed, 2.81 per cent of the ancient water power plant had been completed, and the olive dam power hub had been completed.
Accumulated completion of 9.56%, such as the cumulative completion of 1.12% of U.S. Hydropower Stations. The company’s ladder development programme in the lower and middle parts of the final river, with a book value of 16,356 million, is divided into two banks, eight, namely: the Kugo Bridge Hydroelectric Station, the Little Bay Hydroelectric Station, the Bay Hydroelectric Station, the Datsong Hill Hydroelectric Station, the Zayed Hydroelectric Station, the Cebu Waters Plant, the Olive Dam Hydroelectric Station and the Pine Hydroelectric Power Station.
The total planned installed capacity is 161.5 million kilowatts (kW). Of these, the mini-bain reservoirs and thugs are multi-yearly regulated.
The main reason for this is that in 2021, the entire river basin came dry compared to the previous year, with twigs, coves, twigs, twigs, water coming from the same water at the same time, 15.9%, 13.9%, 14.4%, resulting in an annual decrease in electricity generation at the Bay and above stations in the last river basin; and two to ensure that the winter of 2021 and spring of 2022 are followed by an annual decrease in electricity generation.
By the end of 2021, the company had installed an installed capacity of 23,1838 kilowatts. In 2021, the integrated power plant was used mainly for the Toba power station, the follow-up construction of the Yunnan section of the Upstream River power station and the construction of new energy projects.
The Department’s new energy projects, which are based mainly on its advantages over its geographical conditions, amount to 400 million yuan each for the Toba power station, the new energy project, and the construction of the Yunnan and Tibet power stations in the upper part of the Yangtze River. The Department is currently producing 2,294,888 kilowatts of hydropower and 235,000 kilowatts of new energy.
For example, a survey of physical indicators has been completed for US hydroelectric plants, construction has started on nine projects, including the right and left shore roads, and construction of the main structure of the camps has been completed.
The construction of the Toba dam began one month in advance of the construction of the river's bridge, completing the construction of the guidehole, and the excavation of the six floors of the underground plant. The ancient hydroelectric plant gained access to Yunnan and Tibet Provinces to the “Bureau Seal Order” and the regular storage of water.
Reviewed. The Base's Middle and Downstream Focus New Energy Project declared a second wave of large wind and light-voltaic base projects in the country. New energy sources took a solid step forward. New energy approvals (filed) of 3,868,000 kilowatts were completed in 2021, and construction began at 99 million kilowatts.
The company achieved a total operating income of $20,202 million in 2021, including hydropower, wind power, solar photovoltaic power, solar power, solar power.
The company achieved a total business of $10,875 million in 2021, of which hydropower, wind and solar photovoltaics accounted for the majority of the company ' s total operating income and profits in terms of income and Maori structure.
In Yunnan Province, the price of marketed electricity increased, the price of marketed electricity increased on the same basis, and the amount of electricity traded on the market was higher than the amount of electricity generated by the company. In 2021, the company combined settled the price of electricity (including taxes) at 0.241 yuan/kWh, as compared to 2020, and figure 7: Māori sales by the company and changes in net interest rates (%)
In-depth implementation of the innovation-driven development strategy, increased investment in science and technology research and development, and active promotion of output of science and technology outcomes. The company incurred cumulative administrative costs of $378.76 million in the current year, representing an increase of 19.37 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the same increase in the salaries of managers and other administrative costs of the current year.
The accumulated financial costs incurred by the company during the year amounted to $337.5 million, a decrease of 12.70 per cent over the same year. The main reasons were, first, that the firm ' s tightness fell to 58.78 per cent and, secondly, that the company ' s debt structure continued to be optimized by effectively reducing the cost of financing, for example, through the early replacement of high-interest-rate-stock liabilities with low-interest-rate funds.
Figure 12: Corporate solvency capacity (%) Firms are fully engaged in the full implementation of the 14th Five-Year Plan to improve their capacity and level of power supply, scientific optimization of the way the ladder moves, complete annual inspections, and in-depth boosters
In project management, the company continuously upgrades the “unmanned” management of water and activates the “unmanned” model of non-collective power plants. In specific projects, the company will continue to comply with the law and will proceed to the Environmental Review of Hydroelectric Projects such as American and ancient waters.
In May, the Toba hydroelectric plant began building a dam of concrete to achieve the 2024 target for power generation, and has stepped up research and implementation of the marketing model.
Completion of a research review. Take stock, access to and construction of windy resources in the middle and lower rivers. Make good use of new energy sources. Guarantee investment returns as a primary principle, close investment lines, access to new energy resources and projects, and ensure full compliance with annual targets. In 2022, it is planned to invest $5 billion in the development of new energy projects and to open new ones.
Hydropower generation is an important infrastructure of the national economy and is closely linked to economic development. According to the China-China ITU National Electricity Supply and Demand Analysis Forecast Report 2021-2022, 2021 countries are experiencing double-digit growth in electricity consumption, and
Concomitant with the development of the national green low-carbon policy, in 2021, the country ' s entire population used 831 trillion kilowatt hours of electricity, an increase of 10.3 per cent in the first, second, third and fourth quarters of the year, with an increase of 21.2 per cent, 11.8 per cent, 7.6 per cent and 3.3 per cent in the same year, respectively, owing to the fact that the base figure for the same period was lower than the highlands.
By the end of 2021, the capacity of full-calibre electricity generation had increased by 7.9 per cent compared to 2,38 million kilowatts in the same year, and by 8.1 per cent compared to 811 trillion kilowatt-hours in industrial enterprises of national size and above.
The combined effects of such multiple factors as reduced electricity consumption, faster growth in demand for electricity, and the strengthening of “energy consumption double control” in some parts of the country have led to an overall constraint on electricity supply and demand. After a series of national energy security measures, the country’s orderly electricity use was virtually nil from 7 November 2021 until the end of 2021.
Based on factors such as the economic situation at home and the steady increase in the level of electrification, such as power substitution, it is estimated that in 2022 the country will have 8.7 trillion kilowatt-hours (KWh) and 8.8 trillion kilowatt-hours (KWh), an increase of 5-6% from the same year. Based on new installed capacity and inter-provincial electricity transmission, the overall electricity supply is expected to be stable in 2022, with the exception of the peak winter and summer periods.
In the high-quality development phase of the green, low-carbon transformation of the national energy structure, companies insist on the strategic goal of accelerating the construction of world-class modern green power enterprises, starting with the fact that companies operate on a stable basis and do not control the risks posed by changes or fragmentation.
Under the “carbon peaks, middle carbon and” goal, the main path to the implementation of the “base-based, intensive, complementary” clean energy base development is to maintain the focus on green energy, with full efforts to promote hydropower and new energy sources.
The new electricity industry is actively developing the integrated energy services industry. 2.3.3. In accordance with the national 14th Five-Year Plan, China will vigorously develop clean energy facilities, such as hydropower and wind power, in line with international trends.
The following are all green electric power companies, similar to China's hydropower industry. Table 3. China's Changjiang Yangjiang Power Company is a limited company founded by the Yangjiang Tribute Group Ltd., China.
Power shares were traded on the United Kingdom London Stock Exchange in September 2020, with 22,74 billion shares available. In September 2020, the Yangtze Power Global Deposit Certificate was traded on the London Stock Exchange. The Yangtze Power is mainly engaged in hydroelectric power generation, clean energy and smart energy mixes, distribution of electricity, and investment financing in several countries, including China, Peru, Brazil, Pakistan.
The Yangtze Power now owns the power-generating assets of the Yangtze 3 gorges, the Gojia Dam, the River River and the four power stations to the dam, 82 hydroelectrics, and manages two hydroelectric plants in Utund and White Crane Beach. It is China’s largest electricity and power company, and the world’s largest utility company.
River Power, Securities Code: 6009000.