Researchchand developmentcenter
How do you answer the transition?
The impact of the long voyages has been highlighted by the fact that net profits and the value of new operations have increased.
The three-quarter profit performance was strong, and the effect of the reforms was initially demonstrated.
Personal Risk: The response to the high-quality virtuous cycle was given in the context of Operation Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Live. Since 1 January 2022, the Department, driven by the Basic Law, launched the 18-month-long Operation Phase I project, deepening the eight project packages and accelerating the promotion of the "Three-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five project.
1) Professionalization, which promotes the effective landing of the basic law of the "chip" and the creation of a "selection" system for the recruitment of long air partners; professionalization, which promotes the institutionalization of the "state happiness" marketing management system and the upgrading of sales capacity; digitization, which continuously leads to the digitalization of the entire process. 2) Focus
Core manpower, proxies, has grown in quality and core manpower is stable in size. Companies, insurance salesmen, in 2022, earned $6844 per month for the first year of insurance operations, i.e. 47.6 per cent per month; core manpower, i.e., $28261 per person per year, i.e. + 31.7 per cent per year; core manpower, i.e., first annual commission per person per month.
• Property insurance: Quality sustainable responses are answered with “precision, precision management, and target-oriented advice.” The EPP maintains a high-quality development philosophy, strengthens quality control, and achieves a rapid increase in premium revenue, while the combined cost rate is consistently optimized.
(b) Non-car insurance: a steady increase of 90 per cent in the annual premium for new energy vehicles and a decrease in operating costs; (c) non-car insurance: a steady increase in the most recent fall in January (%)