Pharmacy (603259.ch/2359.hk): The performance of 1q23 Pil-Yung-Hing is largely in line with the company's guidelines, but the growth rate of core operations has slowed somewhat.
In part, it is related to the volatility of the global biopharmaceutical financing environment. 1q added 258 small molecular projects to its winning molecular strategy, up 19% from the same time. We believe that the efficiency and quality of the company ' s leading counterparts ' services will help it to remain a leader and expand the market for the long term in industry change.
• 1q23 core operations fluctuated slightly and the guidelines remained unchanged throughout the year: 1q23 income and adjusted non-ifrs net return increased by 6/14 per cent respectively over the same period, and the breakdown of performance is detailed on the inside page.The core business income increased by 17 per cent after deducting revenue related to the new crown commercial purchase order of approximately 820 million;
Less than the previous year ' s 30-per-cent increase, we believe that the main reasons are: 1) the continued low level of global biofinance enthusiasm has affected demand for early-stage orders to some extent: 2) 2h22 and early 2023 partial cgt orders were cancelled, dragging up the atu plate; 3) head
For the Fy23 performance, management maintains the main guidance for the Fy23 previously given, including: income and adjusted gross noon-ifrs profit increases, respectively; the perception is that with the unique crdmo model and the efficiency and quality of delivery by leading peers, the public
The Division will take a leading position in the industry over the long term, but downstream financing has not improved significantly (see figure • Māori improvement in the main business plate: 1q23 adjusted noon-ifrs Māori increase by 3.2 pcts to 41.0 per cent, slightly above our expectations, with three of the three plates: wuxichemistry, wuxitesting
After completion, the Māori rate of the 2q-4q23atu plate is expected to continue to improve, with further improvements in human effectiveness, resource utilization and integrated operational efficiency expected by the end of the year; and 3) an increase in later and commercialization projects and a further shift in the corporate overall collection structure towards high Māori services.
Values (almost equal to the average over the past year, well below the historical average) and a/h premium of 15 per cent (below the average of 2023epe) of about one standard deviation each for the past three years. • Investment risk: changing financing environment; geopolitical risk; project failure or delayed epidemic.
Figure 1: Profit forecasting and financial indicators Scavengering attention to the International Study of Pura Qing Financial Statements Analysis and Forecasting - Pharmacy Condt (2359.hk)
Pil-Yin International Core Business Block 1023 shows a 5% growth in the income of the plate and a 22% increase in the income of the new crown commercialization project.
New crown commercial orders contribute 820 million, corresponding to 46%. At constant exchange rates, the adjusted noon-ifrs Mäori rate rose by 1.4 pcts to 40.7%, small and medium-sized molecule drug discovery revenues + 9%, further upgrading of 217 process R & D and production operations; and significant growth in revenues for new molecule types of related operations (tides)d&m
Wuxitting: 14 per cent growth in plate income, 0.7 pcts to 36.3 per cent increase in adjusted non-ifrs Mäori rate, +16 per cent increase in laboratory analysis and testing services, comprising 24 per cent coverage, Wuxibiology in instrument testing: 8 per cent increase in plate income, 0.2 pcts to adjusted non-ifrs Mäori rate increase
The low utilization of the port of embarkation operating base results; we believe that there is scope for marginal improvements in future Māori rates as a result of business restructuring and operational efficiency at the port base. Test operating income in the plate + 9%, production service income + 7%, process development - 55%, mainly due to the cancellation of some of the projects in the second half of last year.
Of a total of 68 projects in the pipeline, eight are in clinical iii (two of which have been submitted to Nda/bla). wuxiddsu: plate income fell by 31 per cent, adjusted the noon-ifrs Māori rate declined by 9.1 pcts to 24.0 per cent, and the income and Māori rate declined mainly as a result of lower demand from Chinese clients and a decrease in the number of new projects.
One project has been approved for listing, one project is in the Nda phase, and the company expects to earn nearly 50 per cent of the cagr of ddsu block revenue over the next 10 years.
According to the arteries, global biomedicine, instruments and digital health financing in March 2023 has not recovered significantly, down 24%, 61%, and 67% from the same year.
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, Spop international, Pilgrim International.
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimistic scenario: corporate growth is better than expected
(a) Less than 13 per cent wuxichemistry 2022-25ecagr;
(b) The failure of projects at the R & D stage, resulting in loss of customers and an impact on income, has led to more growth in new business.
Poeing International Pessimism: Corporate growth is not as good as expected
(a) Less than 13 per cent wuxichemistry 2022-25ecagr;
(b) The failure of projects at the R & D stage, resulting in loss of customers and an impact on income, has led to more growth in new business.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report, Pu Ying International, agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements can be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities. Poo-Sil-Sil-Seong International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, Associated Public Divisions (collectively “Pu-Sil-Sil-Silver International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described or related to the companies in this report, and may be bought or sold from time to time.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]