Cost impact q3 performance rate, year-round performance Tag medicine (300347) Investment rating: buy-in (maintained)
The company announced a three-quarterly report in 2018, which achieved operating income of 1,594 million yuan, an increase of 35.70 per cent over the same period; net profit return of 318 million yuan, an increase of 58.67 per cent over the same period; net profit deduction from non-repatriation of 264 million yuan, a combination of multiple factors, a slowdown in the growth rate of q3
The overall performance of the company in the first three quarters was largely in line with expectations, but the performance of the q3 quarter slowed.
Ten thousand dollars (+72%), mainly q3 confirmed (US$ 24.31 million). (5) The decline in the Māori ratio compared to the previous year had the effect of a build-up of the United States concord. □ assets available for financial sale have grown steadily, and investment returns have been realized gradually.
Since 2017, from the Central Office and the State Office to the Directorate General of Pharmacy to encourage innovation, the approval of new drugs on the market and the management of clinical trials have undergone significant changes and are expected to be produced in the next few years.
During the first wave of clinical and marketing peaks, the company is expected to maintain a high growth in its innovative pharmaceutical operations as the leader of the country’s clinical coro operation (which has been equipped to host international multi-centre clinical trials).
(c) The continued advancement of the consistency evaluation will make Be a highlight of the company's performance over the next two years;
With a steady and sustainable return, buy-in and maintenance of 2018,426, it is expected that the company ' s pre-investment fund projects will continue to withdraw smoothly in the coming years and will be assessed as the company ' s annual report: high performance on schedule and sustained benefits
To encourage innovation and coherence evaluations to move forward, buy in, sustain high growth and increase the flexibility of performance in return for investment Consistency evaluation policies to advance less than expected; goodwill impairment risk; and business integration risk.
The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments in this report are provided for information purposes only. The information and comments in the report are provided for information purposes.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.