q3 season performance fluctuated slightly, with high year-round growth.
The company published three quarterly reports in 2018, which resulted in revenue of 1,594 million yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 35.70 per cent in the same year, net profit for mothers of 318 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 58.67 per cent in the same year and net profit for mothers of 264 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 55.87 per cent in the same year.q3 season, income of 562 million yuan in the same period, an increase of 30.09 per cent in the same year, net profit for mothers of 99 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 22.96 per cent in the same year.
The net return to the mother was 75 million yuan, an increase of 15.49 per cent over the same period. 1 q3 season performance fluctuated slightly, the overall performance was largely in line with expectations for the first three quarters, with net return to income, profit to the mother, profit to the mother, profit to the mother, profit to the mother, profit to the mother, gain to the mother, gain to the mother, gain to the third quarter, increase to the same amount.
q3 Q3 season performance fluctuated slightly, and one Q3 Q3 q3 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q2.839 Q2 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q2 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q Q1 Q Q Q1 Q1 Q Q Q Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q
United States dollars, of which q3 seasons affect approximately $12 million (approximately $1.7 million, including administrative costs); 2) q2 disposes of affiliates Fangda biology and Suzhou Fangda at a higher rate of growth than income, resulting in a decline in the rate of phased Maori; 2) Concord cumulations during the reporting period, with lower Māori levels in Māori and 57.5 per cent in M&A consolidation, and a significant increase in revenues. We believe that the Cro industry remains extremely high as an innovative service provider.
During the reporting period, new views were added by Zhaotae, Yin Entrepreneurship, Shanghai Tae Yong, Hangzhou Medical Doctor Billion, taitonglatestagefundl.p., Qingming Bank, and around billion targets, with stable growth in future returns on investment being more sustainable, directly increasing corporate performance while strengthening client cooperation in conjunction with the development of cro operations To further improve overall development.
The increase in sales costs was mainly due to the increase in the company ' s sales team during the reporting period, the corresponding increase in market costs, the increase in management costs (combined with R & D costs) mainly affected by the Hong Kong listing costs of frontageholds, the relative stability of financial costs and the overall good financial position. At the same time, during the reporting period, companies increased 52.09 per cent over the same period in terms of sales of goods and the receipt of cash for the provision of services, which was higher than the increase in revenues, and the collection of corporate project funds.
Good performance, with net cash flows from business activities of $340 million, an increase of 147 per cent, and good business performance.2 Corporate logic recoupling: Innovative service providers enjoy policy dividends, industry-wide chain layouts + strong internationalists are always strong 1) The domestic wave of innovation has started with the co-industry having a very high business climate as an innovation service, with the leading companies benefiting significantly
With the rise of domestic innovation in recent years, the crón industry, as an innovation service provider, has gained a very high level of visibility, and the company has benefited notably from the research and development technology and related advisory services that have been able to provide the entire process of i-iv clinical trials with innovative medicines, and is expected to maintain a longer-term high rate of growth and help companies to develop better. During the reporting period, the company worked with the newly signed strategy of the Kyushu Pharmaceuticals, Shanghai and Drug Research and Development Ltd.
2) The internationalization process is a step forward, and overseas operations will be ready in the future as the globalization of new drug research and development progresses with China ' s accession to Ich, and the international multi-centre clinical trials provide a huge potential for domestic clinical coro companies.
In recent years, companies have accelerated their internationalization (the Romanian Clinical Cro acquisition was completed during the reporting period) and have acquired the capacity to take over large international multi-centre clinical trials (over 100 international multi-centre clinical trials) with a clear lead in the process of internationalization of clinical trial services.
Prior to most of the country's clinical cro enterprises, the growth of overseas performance is likely to take place in the future. (3) The advantages of scale add to the scarcity of markets, clinical advice keeps growing at a high rate.
To benefit from the advantages of size and market scarcity, the portfolio is expected to continue to grow at a rapid pace, while developing in tandem with the clinical trial technical services to enhance client consistency and corporate performance. (4) Establishment of participatory M & As funds, resulting in higher returns on investment
Since the company was listed, it has been involved in the creation of multiple M&A funds for equity investment in projects such as innovative medicines. During the reporting period, the returns on investment, financial assets available for sale and new investment projects have continued to grow at a high rate, and future stable returns on investment have provided a new source of financial intelligence for the company’s performance.
Lead, capable of providing a full-phase (be-) and instrumental clinical trial service for i-iv, promising to share a huge market in the context of medical instrument innovation, the development of generic evaluation, the gradual roll-out of international multi-centre clinical trials, while clinical trial advisory services, some pre-cro services and the steady development of equity investment services will contribute to the improvement of the whole industry chain, provide a steady performance contribution, and maintain “a strong push”
Risks of changes in pharmaceutical innovation policies; risk of less than anticipated risk of drug consistency assessment, risk of multinational M & As failure, etc.
Zhang Jinyang, a member of the seventh new wealth team in 2015, and third in the crystal ball team in 2015. Master of Pharmacology, North Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, and Master of Kings Business School, three years old.
The research assistant gives an overview of the researcher's own views.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.