Essentially in line with expectations, returns on investment or sustained growth in performance - Tage Medicine (300347), Third Quarterly Report Review 2018. On the evening of 26 October, the company issued its third Quarterly Report 2018, which achieved total operating income during the reporting period
The net profit from the pharmaceutical organisms rose by 55.87 per cent over the same period the previous year; it was largely in line with expectations, with net profit raised by 55.87 per cent over the previous three quarters.
The Department’s main business continued to grow, with the company’s net profit of $26,427,700 in the first three quarters, an increase of 55.87 per cent over the previous three quarters. But looking at the net profit of the company in the third quarter alone, only two quarters of the non-net profit ring was squeezed by three quarters of net profit.
In the first three quarters, the company has achieved investment returns of $52.621 million, year-round or $1 billion. In the first three quarters of the year, the company's investments were the result of investments by companies such as leaching, carnival, and Cyantermin.
An effective solution to the production bottlenecks will be a direct benefit to the company and will continue to maintain its “uptake” rating.
Hwang-hseng-hwan, Kikuji Road, No. 1,000, Fuhua, Fukuda District, and Free Trade Experiment, China.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, without its public disclosure or consent.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.