Tiger Medicine (300347.sz) Wang Wei-chul Cro's leader, taking advantage of the domestic trend of innovation.
There has been a marked improvement in the environment for the development of innovative medicines: the State has explicitly encouraged the development of innovative medicines since 2015: first, the State has undertaken reforms from the review and approval process, issuing the State Council ' s Opinions on the Reform of the Review and Evaluation System for Medicinal Medical Devices, and on the Deepening of the Review and Approval System Reforms to Encourage the Development of Medicinal Medical Devices.
Several policies, such as the New Opinion, have gradually optimized the approval process and increased the size of the cde review team, directly reducing the time-consuming processing of innovative medicines; and, secondly, encouraging the timely inclusion of new medicines in health-care payments and in centralized procurement by public hospitals, as well as the sale of innovative medicines
According to the data from cde, the number of applications for chemical innovations increased by 45% in 2017, the number of approved clinical trials increased by 87% in the same year, and the incentives have helped. The procurement of generic pharmaceutical belts in 4+7 provinces and cities was significantly reduced in early December this year.
The profits of generic pharmaceuticals will accelerate the shift of pharmaceutical companies towards innovation. We are not expected to enter the period of innovation.
\triangleright has a strong capacity for research on innovative medicines and is able to undertake high-level international multi-centre clinical trials. By mid-2018, companies had been involved in 91 innovative drug varieties, with over 150 innovations.
Clinical research, and participation in more than 100 international multi-centre clinical trials, we believe that the ability of a strong corporate investor to provide clinical research services as a proportion of a share of circulation, as well as the experience of an innovative drug ' s co-services, will be instrumental in the emergence of an innovative drug.
The company’s rapid increase in staffing, starting in 2018, will provide a strong guarantee for the firm’s steady implementation of the new orders. Participation in the establishment of multi-purpose investment funds and M & As funds for the pharmaceutical industry, through the discovery and nurturing of quality.
By 2018 q3, the company, though not low, would benefit fully from the state’s encouragement, taking into account that the company, as a cro leading business, has a wealth of experience in clinical services.
In the light of the wave of innovation, the stability of performance growth and the space for growth, we give “buying of chinaresearchdept. expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.