On the night of 12 November, the company released a plan to buy back shares in the company, a draft of the 2018 employee holding plan.
The company intends to use its own funds to buy back the shares of the branch for the later implementation of the employee holding scheme, for a return of not less than 200 million yuan and not more than 5 rickshaws of medicinal organisms.
The head of the company, Mr. Ye Xiaoping, proposes to use his own funds to buy back some of the company’s shares for later periods in order to implement the employee’s shareholding plan.
The options-incentive program, we believe, underscores the firm’s confidence in performance, provides strong support for stock-price trends, and contributes to market confidence. Large clinical performance continues to release + data statistics are expanding well, looking at companies’ performance throughout the year.
Large clinical operations are entering a performance release period this year q2 and the pre-event 722 low-mori order has been fully terminated, and given the long lead times of large clinical operations, we believe that their performance will continue to be released, while this year's data and statistics clients are expanding well, and it is hoped that they will continue to boost net profit levels.
Successful, large-scale clinical high-morigin orders entering a centralized confirmation period, the active advancement of the Be Operations Self-Building Centre or the effective resolution of capacity bottlenecks will all be of direct benefit to the company and will continue to maintain an “enhanced” rating.
On the 15th floor of China International Center, heng-hoon-hoon, 1000th of Lu's Mouth Road, and Fu-hwa, Shenzhen Fukuda District, 6th tax-free.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) does not regard the recipient as a client and not a reader who has no business relationship with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.