The three-quarterly review of the Pharmacy of Teg (300347), the achievement of a net return to the mother, a net return to the mother of $99 million, a net gain of $75 million, a 23 per cent increase in the year-on-year, short-term factors affecting profits during the season, and still a positive year-on-year increase in performance.
q3 registered a 30 per cent increase in 18 years, with net return and deduction rates of 23 per cent and 15.5 per cent, respectively, down from the first half of the year, mainly due to one income end: Fonda Medicine Disposal Company, Fangda Bio and Fonda Bioequity in Suzhou in the first half of the year; and 2. Cost end: Fonda Medical Port Stock listing application
After removing the impact of the above factors, 18 years of q3 net return to the mother has increased by about 40%. Given the trend in the growth of corporate orders throughout the year, the company ' s q4 and year-round performance has remained high _aaa_Tegger medicine (300347) 2018 semi-annual reporting points.
The slight decline in Māori in the previous three quarters and the robust overall financial performance _aaa_Tagger medicine (300347) was due to the low Māori ratio of Concord operations for merger and purchase during the reporting period and the impact of the recognition of FSA costs.
The q4 Māori ratio is expected to increase with the replacement of old and new orders. On the cost side, sales costs increased significantly by 82 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the expansion of the sales team and business expansion during the reporting period; management costs increased by 34 per cent over the same period; and financial costs decreased significantly over the same period, mainly as a result of the devaluation of the renminbi.
Changes in exchange gains and losses. In addition, investment returns increased by 34 per cent over the previous three quarters; net cash from operating activities amounted to 340 million; receivables increased by 22.6 per cent over the initial period and pre-receivables increased by 34 per cent over the initial period.
As the impact of the 7.22 clinical verification has largely been eliminated, the company’s major clinical operations have been gradually restored. Moreover, the company, while expanding its reach, including through mergers and acquisitions, is increasing its equity investments and overseas operations, thus increasing its client viscosity and operational synergies.
For some time to come, it will continue to benefit from the outbreak of the international multi-centre clinical, in-country innovation drug project, and the consistency evaluation of the Be project, with a stronger expectation of extended M & As.