Mango Supermax (300413) reports that members' incomes are growing well, that changes in tax policy affect net return profits, that operating profits and net profit after deductions remain robust. The changes in tax policy affect net return profits.
The General Directorate of Administration and the Ministry of Central Advocacy issued a bulletin on the transformation of the business culture unit into an enterprise tax policy in the context of the reform of the cultural system, which clearly states that companies that move to culture under the corporate flag continue to enjoy tax exemption from corporate income tax from 2024 to 2027.
The deferred income tax funds recognized in 2023 for the 2024 to 2027 tax-exempt period produced approximately $630 million, while deferred income tax assets were regularly recognized each year in 2024 and subsequent years in accordance with the relevant provisions of the accounting standards, of which approximately $180 million were recognized in 2024.
The combined net recovery of $450 million in deferred income tax assets in 2024, the reduction of member business belonging to shareholders in listed companies by 5 billion, the gradual entry of television drama into the output cycle by 5 billion in 2024, an increase of 18 per cent in the same year, driving the growth in corporate performance;
The advertising business grew positively throughout the year, with 8 per cent growth in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year; the operator's business was affected by the deployment of the physical television sector, which was optimized, and the short-term value-added business was affected. The Division responded positively with 16 per cent growth in the second half of the year compared to the first half; and the small Manpower provider, gmv 16 billion, was also active in the second half of the year.
In terms of content, in addition to the continuing leadership of the art, 24 years of television dramas are gradually entering the output cycle, and the performance of "The Hollow Man" is impressive, with 25-year-old "The Fragrance of the Nation."
The company, as a state-owned shareholder, video-new media company, uses the Tomango feature for blending ecology, with Internet-based view-frequency platform operations at its core, working in tandem up and down. Taking into account the one-time adjustment of deferred income tax assets to reflect less than expected risks, new business developments than expected, macroeconomic volatility, etc.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts