A mango supermedia (300413.sz) event review report zhuzhu@cfsc.com.cn
In 2023, it was recognized that the increase in deferred income tax assets was attributable to the net profit of the shareholders of the listed company 1.63 billion yuan, and that the net recovery of deferred income tax assets in 2024 was attributed to the net profit of the shareholders of the listed company of about 450 million dollars.
Deferred income tax assets are recognized as a one-time adjustment, with no need for advertising revenue for the years 2025 to 2027 for thousands of people (the member ' s income exceeded 5 billion yuan per annum + 18 per cent) The increase in tax assets to the parent ' s profit of 1.63 billion yuan in the year affected the base.
By the end of 2024, 73.31 million active members of Mangotv, highlighting the quality content base plate and the international app's "double-dual."
The Multiplier Project has worked, with members earning more than $5 billion in 2024.
With 66.53 million members starting Mangotv in 2024, the year gmv was over 16 billion, the year was 55%, and the 2024 Golden Eagle Cartoon was expected to be successfully completed 3, Mango Supermomentation (300413): 2023
At the end of the story, Mango will present a variety of art, drama, evening documentary, and microplays.
The Chinese people's self-empowerment was reflected in the year of the premiere in 2025, followed by the Chinese people's self-restraint.
Real Love Two, Singer 2025, Flowers and Junior 7 and so on; microplays, like Dawn Four, South China, and so on.
At the end of the day, the company set up a large model laboratory, the Mountain Sea Institute, a self-researched Mango Large Model, actively exploring cutting-edge applications and industrial innovations, such as the one, to accelerate the development of new productivity in the cultural field; and, at the same time, to accompany the small red books.
It is also important to follow up on the development of the mini-man-to-man company, which, at the same time, produces derivatives based on mango-based products, while also opening up to high-quality national and international viewing, mobility, games and ip co-operation to create more user-friendly derivatives.
The share price is 35, 24, 18 times the size of the media head, the content, the size of the normal supply plus the ability of the ai and the collaboration of the tremors.
Year after year, to watch content products rekindle the heat of the market and new growth in advertising revenues, to see how technology can give rise to new developments in cultural content in the medium term, based on membership income, double-digit growth, booming advertising revenues, resilience in the main, and, at the same time, enterprises.
From 2025 to 2027, exemption from corporate income tax will have a positive impact on the net profits of the company ' s shareholders in the listed company, thus maintaining the risk of new business exploring less than expected, and subsequent gold eagle cartoons performing less than expected.
Risks, lack of censorship of film and video productions, potential exposures due to the artist's own factors, under-reach risks, risks from brain drain, risks from new technologies that do not use the expected risks, and risks from macroeconomic fluctuations.
The new consumer group of the media introduced the following: Bachelor of Science, Master of Finance, with experience in the field of business, the Association of Chinese Securities Research Institutes in November 2021, covering, inter alia, Internet sections of media games.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.