Lithium billion latitudes (300014.sz) and mid-2022 reported performance ratings. Price transmissions gradually materialized, multi-operational development went hand in hand. Company q2 actively negotiated prices and power storage capacity was steadily restored for profitability.
With the continued decline of lithium resources and the layout of the main material, the company’s profitability is expected to improve. The growth of the company’s lithium primary batteries has stabilized, and the contribution of small cylinder batteries has increased significantly.
The company’s productive capacity has expanded rapidly, with a steady increase in the price of its raw materials. Since 2022, the company has been operating in Hungary since 2022.
Since 2021, the price of lithium salt has continued to rise, and companies have been profiting from the acquisition of large-scale chemical holdings, the acquisition of the gold Quinlon Lithium stock, the 100 million-latitude lithium energy (300014.sz) - steady progress of operations, and the optimization of the resource end layout.
The establishment of a joint venture with the Golden Sea Lithium Industry, the acquisition of titanium salt, the establishment of lithium salt matching with the beehive energy power and the energy power of Kawakawa, the acceleration of the production expansion of Lithium 100 million latitudes (300014.sz), the acquisition by the real-time controller of an enhanced capital plant, and the construction of a lithium salt joint venture with the Lithium Purple Industries and the Raffo Lithium Industries, are extensive in the area of lithium resources.
Tri-quarter evaluation of Lithium 300014-2021: Profiting of raw materials increases, 10,000 tons of projects expected to be fast-tracked, while 20,000 tons of surplus production planning is expected to be completed at H2, lithium salt rights
Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts, maintain “buy-in” ratings. Firm growth in corporate consumer battery business, create good cash flows, power storage business accelerates the recovery of market shares. We keep the gains.
+12 per cent, ring +22 per cent. 2022h1 has achieved a net return profit of 1.359 billion yuan, compared to 9 per cent; corresponding increases have increased; credit impairment losses have been calculated at 62 million yuan, representing a decrease of 29 million yuan in relation to the same period, mainly the net return on investment of 2022h1.
The net profit is 1.385 billion yuan, compared to 52%. Of the 202.2h.1 billion Lithium investment earnings, Si Moore International contributed 438 million yuan, the Golden Klon Lithium industry contributed 17 million yuan, the Xinhua lithium salt contributed 46 million yuan, and the new energy contribution of sk - 69 million yuan.
The company ' s price increase is lagging relatively behind, as a result of significant impairment losses in q2.Figure 5: Māori rate of the company, changes in net interest rates, Figure 6: Changes in the cost of the company
Power storage battery business: q2 is actively negotiating prices, making steady repairs to profitability. Company power storage battery output is expected to exceed 11 gwh, q2 is expected to be close to 6 gwh, with a ring increase of nearly 20%.
Company q2 has been active in channelling cost pressures and steadily increasing profitability. q2 has been active with customers since RM/wh, with the ring ratio rising by almost 10%; Māori has reached nearly 14.3%, with the ring rising by almost 6 pct; battery single what is restored to more than 0.14.
1) Lithium phosphate batteries: The structure of the company ' s shipments of lithium phosphate batteries has continued to optimize since 2022, with a significant increase in the share of shipments in the use of vehicles and storage energy. The volume of shipments of the 2022h1 company ' s lithium phosphate batteries is expected to exceed 7gwh, of which q2 exports exceed 4gwh, with a 30% increase in bad.
In terms of storage, the company works closely with customers such as Hua, Limyang, Powin energy, and is active in the marketing of multi-markets such as communications, electricity, and household storage.
2) Triple Soft Packing Battery: The company ' s Soft Packing Batteries mainly supply orders for Daimler, Ping, Modern Kia, etc., and steady growth in customer sales. 2022H1 Soft Packing Batteries are expected to deliver more than 4gwh, q2 more than 2gwh, with a slight increase in ring comparison. The company ' s Soft Packing Battery Clients are relatively concentrated and dominated by overseas customers, making a profit.
3) Three-dimensional cells: In 2021, the company completed 2.5 gwh production capacity, and in June 2022, the 10 gwh production line was completed, with a combined capacity of about 12.5 gwh. We expect the company to start supplying customers in the second half of 2022, with bulk supply of BMW and other customers in 2023.
4) Large cylindrical batteries: The company’s existing capacity planning for large cylindrical batteries is 20 gwh, which will be partially completed by the end of the year. Meanwhile, the company’s new power cell plant in Hungary is close to matching overseas customer demand.
Consumer battery business: Lithium primary battery growth is stable, small cylinder batteries contribute a significant increase of 4,622h1 consumer battery business generating $4,620 million, a 73 per cent increase over the same period; is mainly small cylindrical power 1) Lithium primary battery: the company is one of the leading companies in the world in lithium primary battery, with 1,063 million won in 2022h1,
Business leaders, active in communicating with their clients, did not make substantial price adjustments downstream for the long-term sustainable development of the supply chain, thus causing small fluctuations in profitability. Billions of them, with a slight increase in the ring.
The company’s existing mini-cylinder capacity has reached 1.5 billion, mainly supplying electric tools to customers, followed by an expansion into areas such as bicycles. Demand growth, such as overseas power tools, has slowed slightly in the first half of the year, as a result of the epidemic and inflation.
3) Small consumer batteries: The company’s downstream demand for tws continues to improve, working closely with customers such as Samsung and Mi, but is affected by low consumer electronic demand, with a slight volatility in revenue. Companies’ output is expanding at a high rate, with steady price stabilization of the extra-coded raw materials.
The company’s capacity has expanded rapidly, with long-term planning full. Since 2022, the company has expanded its capacity in Hungary, Yunnan, and elsewhere. Currently, the company’s base plans 153gwh, the Chengdu base plans 50gwh, the Huezhou lake base plans 20gwh, Yunnan and Yuen Creek plans 20gwh, and the billion latitudes.
With 10 gwh, Linyang, a joint venture of 10 gwh, the company has announced that power + storage battery capacity planning is over 260 gwh, and is expected to capture market share rapidly in the face of a global electric wave. Lithium salt prices have continued to rise since 2021, and companies have continuously added lithium resources to secure the supply of raw materials.
The Division has developed a wide-ranging layout of lithium resources and lithium carbonate through the acquisition of shares in the DSW, the acquisition of shares in the Golden Klon lithium industry, the establishment of a joint venture for lithium salt in Hinghua lithium salt, the establishment of a joint venture for lithium salt with the beehive energy and energy power plant in Kawakawa, and the construction of a joint venture for lithium salt in the purple lithium industry and the Rufus lithium industry.
1 Xinghua Lithium salt (millions of latitude shares 51.6 per cent): 5,000 tons of annual capacity designed to produce carbonate, currently in the slopes of production capacity 2) Lithium gold industry (80 per cent of billions of latitude shares): 1,000 tons of chlorine per year project, started in July 2022; 3 tons of lithium gold Quinlon industry (approximately 30 per cent of billions of latitude shares): 1,000 tons of annual capacity to produce lithium metal, follow-up plan
The Ton Lithium Carbonate project was completed in July 2022 and began to be deactivated. The tons of lithium hydroxide production line is expected to be operational by the end of 2023.
500 million latitudes in cooperation with Purple Gold and Redford: a joint venture is to be set up to build a project to produce 90,000 tons of lithium salt per year, the first phase of which is planned to be 30,000 tons, and is expected to be completed by the end of 2023. The joint venture has 26% of the billions of latitude shares and has the right to the sale of 66% of the finished products, i.e. about 20,000 tons of lithium salt.
We expect the company ' s lithium salt-associated enterprises to produce 4000-5,000 tons of lithium carbonate in 2022; assuming a tax on lithium salt at a price of 490,000 yuan/tonne at a production cost of 60,000 yuan/t, at a cost of 4 per cent, the company is expected to earn about 790 million yuan, taking into account ownership ratios, income tax deductions, etc. We expect the company ' s lithium salt in 2022.
Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts, maintain a “buy-in” rating. Firm growth in the company’s consumer battery business creates good cash flows, and power storage accelerates market grabs.
Shares. We maintain the original profit forecast, with companies expected to achieve net return profits in 2022-2024. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.