The petrochemical carrier marches into the new energy source, grinding a new material subsidiary for 10 years, and helium petrochemicals (600346.sh) 05 0921
Helium petrochemical depth report II. The new energy source for lithium in the matrix of the petrochemical carrier is expected to be revalued by the company, maintaining the “buy-in” rating, and the company is dependent on major refining, and the industry of new materials such as lithium diaphragms is bound to gain. The company and the global lithium diaphragm are bound by the company.
Helski has a similar advantage in large-scale genetic refining and the whole chain, a decade-long subsidiary that has now been ready for new materials such as lithium diaphragms, and we firmly believe that the company will move to the new energy blue sea market at a “several speed” that will be revalued. In conjunction with the project construction announcement, we will maintain it.
• The company is highly similar to the ski&skiet development path, the multi-optimal contribution to the lithium diaphragm industry Helium petrochemicals are highly similar to the Korean ski development path, both of which are smelted from fibres and expanded upstream, developing the medium-term sk group ' s dependent petrochemical resources, which have been successfully constructed with electrodes since 1982 in the battery industry.
The entire value chain for the manufacture of batteries such as battery diaphragms, batteries, battery bags, etc., is the global lithium diaphragm tap. In contrast, helium petrochemicals have similar large-smelting genes and better polyester new materials with all the advantages of the industry chain, with company-wide raw materials, strong financial resources, solid technological processes, and now all the new materials are in place.
We'll see the company re-evaluate its value when the lithium diaphragm industry is ready. Ten years of grinding, Confuge's new material ready for release, expected to be close to 40% profit in 2023, new company projects are under construction, and in the field of functional film and engineering plastics, Confue's new material is already in operation.
Production of 800,000 tonnes of functional polyester membrane, functional plastics project; in the area of degradable plastics, the company is in the process of building the company update report - petrochemical carrier for profit, with 900,000 tonnes of degradable plastic production units; and the new materials package project will further improve the degradation of the plastic whole
Capability is robust, new energy leads value re-evaluated, industrial chain. According to our calculations, in 2023, the company ' s new material plate (with a new material package of adipics) The company ' s information update - a single quarter performance.
40%, and it's important, and we're convinced that the company's new materials will be driven by a second leap.
The diaphragm is the core structure of the lithium ion cell and is decisive for battery performance. Batteries are chemical.
Storage units with mass-to-power conversion, with secondary batteries divided mainly into lead-acid batteries, nickel cadmium batteries, nickel hydrogen batteries and lithium ion batteries. After years of development, lithium ion batteries have been superior to conventional secondary batteries in terms of volume, mass-to-energy, mass-to-power, circulation and discharge efficiency, with green and sustainable development.
These advantages have become a priority for governments to support and prioritize the development of new energy industries, which are widely applied to the consumer electronics industry, the power energy industry, and the energy storage equipment industry. Lithium ion batteries are composed mainly of positive materials, negative materials, diaphragms, and electrolytic fluids. Lithium ion battery diaphragms (hereinafter referred to as “diaphragms” or “lithium diaphragms”)
It is a thin membrane with a micro-hole structure, where the recharge of lithium ion batteries requires the movement of lithium ion between positive and negative material. In this process, the membrane plays two key roles: (i) segregation is positive and negative, so that the electrons cannot pass directly, preventing short circuits; and (ii) micro-holes on the membrane provide access to the lithium ion between positive and negative atoms.
To form a charge circuit. The excellent diaphragm performance of the lithium ion battery will determine the critical properties of the lithium ion cell, its circulation, and the density of the charged electrical current, and the diaphragm will therefore be required to have the appropriate thickness, ion passivity, aperture and porosity, and sufficient chemical stability, thermal and mechanical stability, and safety.
Figure 2: Lithium batteries consist of positive, negative, diaphragm, electrolyte components. Figure 3: Lithium diaphragms provide channels for lithium ions between positive and negative atoms.
1.1.1 The main building block of the diaphragm is polyethylene and polypropylene. Lithium diaphragm production material is dominated by polyvinyl hydrocarbons. Lithium diaphragms require a number of characteristics, which impose special requirements on their production processes, which include base materials and rapid formulation adjustments, microperforcing.
Technical preparation, self-design of the equipment set, etc., where diaphragms can be divided by base material into polyethylene diaphragms, polypropene diaphragms, polyethylene diaphragms and polypropylene diaphragms, polyvinyl hydrocarbons, which provide good mechanical performance, chemical stability and high temperature self-closing properties, which are the main raw materials of the lithium electrolysis membranes,
The former large-scale commercialized lithium diaphragm production material is dominated by polyolefins. The diaphragm preparation process is divided into two major categories: dry and wet, and there are prospects for the development of the wet coating of the diaphragm. The industrial lithium diaphragm production process consists of two major groups: dry and wet, and the humid diaphragm performance is excellent and gradual.
In addition to base materials, the preparation process affects the diaphragm properties of lithium, while the micro-hole preparation technique is at the heart of the lithium diaphragm preparation process, which can be divided into two main categories, dry and wet, with dry methods divided into dry single stretching and dry stretching processes.
(1) Dry-law single-way stretching process: The foreign dry-way one-way stretching technology is mainly developed and mastered by the United States firm celigard, and the technology is partially purchased by Japan ube from the United States firm celigard, which is now the product of autonomous research and development and the corresponding proprietary technology.
For base materials, the cost is relatively low, while the production process is not solvent-based, the process environment is friendly, and the performance is more dependent on equipment. The disadvantage is that the membrane is not extended horizontally, is used horizontally and is easily fractured, and there is a relatively high rate of micro-short circuits within batteries produced in bulk, and the battery capacity is not maintained and safe.
(2) The dry-way stretching process: the process was developed autonomously by the Chemical Institute of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. In 2001, the Institute transferred its dry-way extension of patent rights in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Japan to Mercegard.
The membrane stretching strength is higher than the diaphragm of the single-way stretching process, and the micro-hole distribution is equal, with better permeability. (3) The wet process: the wet process is more complex than the dry process, the wet flavour stretching production process is more complex, the production cost is relatively higher, but the wet diaphragm is superior to the dry diaphragm in terms of the product ' s own performance, mainly as follows:
The main raw material of diaphragm polyethylene is more liquid than the main raw material of dry diaphragm polypropylene, which can be effectively promoted High conductivity; the production of wet process is easily regulated, the diaphragm is produced with high diaphragm thrust and puncture intensity, and normal processes do not cause perforation, low wet diaphragm permeability and evenness, and higher porosity can be obtained
And better air penetration to meet the big electric flow requirements of the powered lithium battery; the thinner wet diaphragms are more conducive to lifting the high battery energy density, so they are more favoured by large battery manufacturers such as Sun, Sony, Matsu, Man-sung, etc., the representative companies using the law have domestic Enje shares, Suzhou Jing, Japanese Xing, Toyo Chemical, Koreanski, etc.
Since 2014, the share of wet diaphragms has been increasing. The wet diaphragms are better suited to the current trend of power lithium batteries towards high energy density, thanks to their significant performance and safety advantages.
Lithium phosphate, which is basically a wet diaphragm for three-dollar material-powered batteries, which also require increasing energy density, has gradually begun to replace dry methods with wet methods, with higher output ratios for three-dimensional materials-driven lithium batteries with lower prices for wet diaphragms and dry diaphragms, and production of wet diaphragms taking place.
Lithium diaphragms were delivered by 3.45 billion square metres, an increase of 202 per cent over the same year, with a high ratio of 72.6 per cent wet membrane; The dry-way single stretch and dry-way two-way stretched membrane were 23.7 per cent and 3.7 per cent respectively, and the wet-way diaphragm process had become the most important diaphragm production process.
The diaphragms can significantly improve diaphragm performance, and the wet coating process is gradually becoming a trend in the diaphragm industry. Lithium is the technical route for battery coating, mainly in the form of lithium cell diaphragm coating, and in the form of arctic coating of lithium cell positive and negative material. Lithium diaphragms are now used more generally, mainly because of greater safety performance.
At lower points, pe-pp can be at a maximum of 130 °C and 170 °C, respectively, the melting of the temperature diaphragm will result in short circuits in the battery; in addition, the simple use of traditional polyolefin diaphragms can easily occur in battery collisions, resulting in punctures, as well as short circuits in the battery. To increase battery safety, the polyene diaphragms are on the polyene diaphragm.
Painting nanomaterials, such as ceramics, or using new matrix materials to become a technological trend in the industry. The diaphragm coating of the slurry is mainly a major component, such as glue, solvents and additives, and coating of the membrane with alumina oxide, polyfluoroethylene (pvdf), aromatic polymers, etc., can increase the thermal stability of the diaphragm, improve its mechanical strength and prevent insulation.
Battery exposure due to membrane contraction is positive and negative; it increases diaphragm resistance to puncture and prevents short circuits caused by long-term recycling of lithium branches through diaphragms; ceramic coatings have more porosity than diaphragms and are conducive to enhanced diaphragm insulation and leachability. By 2010, Japan and the Republic of Korea have begun to popularize and promote lacquer separation.
The application of membrane, which has been produced and developed by domestic enterprises since 2013. In specific applications, the low temperature of the thermal deformation of the main raw material from the wet-coated diaphragm relative to polypropylene, the main raw material from the wet-coated diaphragm, has led to a relatively low stability of the humid diaphragm, which can be solved by coating the diaphragm.
The wet diaphragms are now usually coated, and the dry diaphragm is gradually starting to use the coating to increase mechanical strength. According to ggii, the inorganic coating of diaphragms is expected to reach 1.5 billion square metres in 2021 and further expand to 4.04 billion square metres by 2025; the wet diaphragms accounted for the total diaphragm output in 2021.
The proportion will be more than 80%, while the elimination of coated diaphragms will account for more than 70% of the release of wet membrane, and the share of top wet membrane plants is expected to increase further. As the coating process of pvdf, ceramics, aromatic polymers, etc. matures, the wet coating process is expected to become the mainstream diaphragm process with a higher safety advantage.
Polyoxyethylene diethylate, polytetraethylene monourethane, polyethylene diethylene monourethane, esters, etc. Distribute agents
Promotion of even distribution of slurry, organic salt 1.2, membrane industries are capital- and technology-intensive industries with higher industrial barriers
The lithium diaphragm industry is a capital- and technology-intensive industry, with multiple disciplines and high industry barriers. Entry into the diaphragm industry requires first product development, production testing, first product development that meets client needs, and then large-scale production stabilization through the decomposition of machine parameters, a process that typically requires diaphragm plants and electricity.
The pool plant works together to create a more sticky customer for about three to four years, with higher financial and technical barriers in the industry.
Equipment, blending equipment, drifting equipment, stretching equipment, cutting equipment, fabrication equipment and testing equipment, etc., diaphragm manufacturers need to customize their purchases from each equipment manufacturer, and equipment has a longer production and commissioning cycle.
Both performance indicators impose higher requirements for higher performance recombinant diaphragms through continuous research and development inputs, and good formulation design requires continuous research and development and certification to raise the rate of good products. Good quality measures the cost of the production of diaphragms from the parent volume to a product, the higher the rate of good products and the originals of the unit of output.
The smaller the consumption of materials, the lower the direct cost. The diaphragm is produced with two main types of losses, one from the angle of the diaphragm, the loss from the material (discrete loss), the pre-discryming membrane is called the parent volume, and the degree of loss depends on whether the product width and the equipment width of the customer can be better matched, and hence the diaphragm rate (= post-cut product) can be obtained.
/Matrical area = 1-discrete loss; another is the loss of an unqualified product (b), the diaphragm product (a) needs to be balanced in thickness and meets the battery plant requirements in terms of mechanical strength, closed-hole temperature, decoupled temperature, etc., so that a b ratio (= 1-a rate) may emerge after separation, which may eventually result in a good rate (= rate of harvest x a rate).
Therefore, customer demand has a significant impact on good quality rates, and diaphragm enterprises need to adjust the production indicators from the parent volume to the diaphragm, depending on the client ' s different needs, with longer communication processes and high test costs, so that diaphragm production is generally low in initial good quality and requires continuous research and development and testing to increase the good quality rate.
Figure 7: Good quality measures the direct material costs of lithium diaphragms from the parent volume to the a item (2) financial barriers. When new or updated membrane production lines are built, the investment is larger. For example, in the case of domestic dry diaphragm diaphragms, head-source material and wet diaphragm diaphragm shares, the release of star-source materials in 2019 could be used to raise two major debts.
Project equipment investments ranged from 55 to 60 per cent, with equipment invested per square metre of diaphragm at around $1-1.5; Of the two major projects where Engje shares increased in 2020, equipment investments ranged from 70 to 80 per cent, and equipment invested per square metre of diaphragm at around $2 to 3.5.
Research and development inputs, product certification, etc. The financial strength therefore determines the starting point of the enterprise, the quality of the product, and the customer barriers (3). The diaphragm, as a key material for lithium batteries, is directly related to the safety, stability, characterization, production costs, etc. of lithium batteries, affecting the quality of lithium batteries, etc.
Very cautiously, a rigorous assessment and access system requires guaranteed and stable supply of diaphragms, generally certified by domestic manufacturers for about 9-12 months, and foreign manufacturers for about 18-24 months. According to the Ngai Stock Exchange, Shanghai Entje (in 2017, after which the innovative shares were acquired, the shares changed to the short term "Entey's shares”)
It took two years to enter the Samsungsdi supply chain, during which time it underwent multiple research, technical expeditions and production line certifications, and diaphragm manufacturers, once entering the large battery vendor supplier catalogue, generally did not change at will, and customer relations stabilized. 1.3. Cost advantages of the domestic diaphragm industry are highlighted, and industry patterns are constantly optimized.
Prior to the year, due to the high technical barriers in the diaphragm industry, the main technology and markets for the global lithium diaphragm were monopolized by Japan, a small number of United States manufacturers, and much of the domestic market share was held by well-known foreign firms such as Japan Xing, East Japan, East China, and the United States of America, with a high share of the global market for the three known manufacturers in 2010.
During the period 2009-2011, as the country increased its efforts to promote new energy-generating vehicles, a large number of lithium-cell-materials production companies emerged, including Dynamite, Numee Technology, Suzhou El Jian, Shanghai Ente, etc., while progress was made in three micro-hole preparation technologies.
The breakthrough in the national production diaphragm preparation process was achieved, with some products reaching international levels on the parameters of pore rate, stretching strength, thermal contraction, closed-hole temperature, etc., and the rise of Korean enterprises, which led to the decline of Japan ' s share of the global market of the three United States celgards to 56% in 2014.
The country’s diaphragm industry is growing rapidly, the country’s diaphragm performance is increasing steadily, and domestic firms are gradually recognizing it. The global diaphragm market is now forming a pattern of competition dominated by China and Japan, with overseas lithium diaphragm enterprises concentrated in Japan and mainly in Japan (the acquisition of the United States celigard in 2015), Toyo chemistry,
Friends, ubes, kskis, w-scopes, etc., with an overall nominal production capacity of no more than 3.5 billion square metres in 2020, with a higher overall cost and a slower pace of expansion of capacity compared to Chinese enterprises; domestic diaphragms, represented by head firm Enje shares, star-source materials, Chinese technology, accelerated expansion of capacity, and by the end of 2021, the three above-mentioned enterprises
The production capacity of the membrane is expected to reach 8 billion square metres, benefiting from such advantages as production capacity and cost, and domestic diaphragm exports at a faster rate. According to ggii, the volume of Chinese lithium battery diaphragms delivered in 2020 was 3.72 billion square metres, an increase of 36% compared to the previous year.
The cost of driving diaphragms should be increased by a 5-10% drop in the same year, domestic firms’ costs are 50% - 80% lower than foreign diaphragms, partly more than 100%, and low-cost high performance advantages help domestic firms to capture a greater share of the global market. The integration of the lithium diaphragm industry has accelerated, and industry concentration has increased further.
Three large-scale acquisitions in the diaphragm sector, namely, the Engje shares in Jélé and Engye in Suzhou, and the Gwang Qingyun technologies and the Chinese technology in Hunan. This round of capital consolidation was not limited to the resource sector, but focused on horizontal integration, which further shaped the market's 1+n competition, and industry clusters.
According to the data of the evtank and the Ives think tank, the top five companies in the country ranked according to the volume of goods produced by diaphragms, rising from 68.89% in 2019 to 76.50% in 2020;
The market share is 31.5 per cent, followed by the star-source material, which is second in the ranking of medium-technology, with a market share of 20.7 per cent. In terms of the market share of the different types of diaphragm enterprises, Enje shares in the wet-law diaphragm sector were in absolute position, reaching 44.9 per cent in 2020, and according to the company announcement, by the end of 2020, the company was on top.
One billion square metres, an increase of one billion square metres compared to the end of 2019, with the world's highest production capacity, followed by star-source material and medium-technology; in the field of dry diaphragms, three diaphragm enterprises, the source material, the Wuhan benevolent and the middle-manufacturing material, are at least 200 million square metres.
Figure 8: In 2019, the lithium diaphragm industry was 68.89 per cent; Figure 9: In 2020, the lithium diaphragm industry was 76.50 per cent; Figure 11: In 2020, the volume of nemometric diaphragms from the source material was 23.5 per cent.
Figure 10: In 2020, the share of Engje shares in wet membrane delivery was 44.90%
Ender shares (including Jeep, Nummy), Chinese technology (including)
Star-source material, 1.4, lithium-ion cell applications are rich, and diaphragm needs are wide. Currently, lithium-ion cell applications are mainly concentrated in consumer lithium cells, storage lithium-type batteries and power.
Lithium cell. According to ggii, domestic diaphragm output is projected to increase from 37.20 billion square metres in 2020 to 13,850 million square metres in 2025; according to evtank, global lithium diaphragm output in 2020 was 6,280 million square metres, i.e., 54.55 per cent of domestic diaphragm output in 2020.
It is estimated that global lithium diaphragm output in 2025 will reach 25,392 million square metres, and that the extensive demand in downstream consumption, storage, power, etc. applications will drive the rapid development of the lithium diaphragm industry.
Being a global lithium diaphragm giant, skinnovation is a subsidiary of the sk Group, which has battery-made whole-industry chains. In 1953, the sun-kyung formerly of the Korean sk Group was created, and after nearly 70 years of rapid development, the group has now grown into an industrial chain.
Korea's energy-chemical giant, currently the largest chemical group in the Republic of Korea, has autonomous research and development, leading world-level technology for catalytic fission pyrocephalates, downstream chemicals, mainly polyethylene, polypropylene, aromatic hydrocarbons, functional solvents, aromatic rubber, lithium diaphragms, etc. In the field of energy-chemicals, the sk group owns sk.
In 2011, the sk Group divided its oil and chemical operations from sk, sknovation (ski), skgas and skchemicals, among other companies, and took over the Korean state-owned oil (koreaoilcorp) and renamed it yukong.
While actively seeking to move from petrochemical enterprises to integrated energy suppliers, Yukong has included “power storage batteries” in development planning for the future, and after nearly 40 years, ski has successfully developed the entire value chain needed for the manufacture of batteries such as electrodes, battery diaphragms, batteries, battery bags, etc., subsidiary skitechnologyco.(skiet) camp.
Lithium diaphragm operations (extracted on 1 April 2019 and still holding 61% shares) were listed on the Seoul Exchange in May 2021. In August 2021, ski announced the establishment of a subsidiary for battery operations and e&p operations, “sk Battery Ltd.” and “ske&p Ltd.”
On 1 October, the ski will become a holding company, fully developing batteries, lithium diaphragms, and battery diaphragms, and the skite diaphragms will show a remarkable performance. Since 2018, the ski has accelerated the global layout of operations, investing continuously in batteries or lithium diaphragms in the United States, China, Hungary, Poland, etc.
The project, the initial investment expenditure of new overseas plants, led to a loss in the company ' s performance; at the same time, long-standing technical disputes over handlgenergysoltion(lges) in competition with the battery business also affected the operation of ski ' s battery plant in the United States. From 2019 to 2020, heavy asset operations, such as energy chemicals, were subject to cyclical effects and a new crown epidemic.
Entered 6.36%. However, the leading edge of the lithium diaphragm market is slashed and single-listed subsidiary skiet, which achieved operating revenues of 469.3 billion won in 2020 and net profits of 88.2 billion won, ebitda as high as 41.9%. According to sneresearch data, in 2020 skiet was located in the first column of the humid lithium diaphragm.
The market share reached 26.5 per cent (for enterprises that provide lithium diaphragms to electric cars branded as Tesla, the general population, Renault-Japanese, Ford and Modern Motors, among which Japanese Xinxing and Toyo Chemical rankings) and the market share was 26.5 per cent.
Figure 14: ski ' s energy chemical assets are heavy, harvests are cyclically volatile 2.1, affected by the second oil crisis, sk ' s transition to an integrated energy provider, and after the second oil crisis, sk ' s actively sought a transition to an integrated energy supplier.
During the month, strikes and demonstrations led to the paralysis of the country; in February 1979, the royal regime in Iran collapsed, the King of Barevi ended, and the war between Iran and Iran broke out. During this period, the daily production of Iranian crude oil fell sharply, international oil prices rose sharply, and crude oil prices rose from US$ 14 to US$ 35 per barrel, causing a second oil crisis in the US Sea.
Bay Oil held 50% of the share of Korea oil, and during the oil crisis, US Gulf oil failed to guarantee the supply of crude oil, disrupting supply to Korea Oil, and severely hit Korean industrial production. After the impact of the oil crisis, the sk group made strategic adjustments, and the company planned to move from a single petrochemical enterprise to a full-scale energy supplier, the base.
With the existing foundation of petrochemical operations developing energy operations such as coal, gas, electricity, solar energy and nuclear energy, efforts have been made to develop alternative sources of energy and to pre-empt technological reserves.
Research laboratories were set up in 1985 for battery technology development and storage, and in 1996 for lithium ion cell development began. In 1982, after the acquisition of Korea oil by the group’s predecessor, the Tokyo Group, the name was changed to Yukong. In March 1985, Yukong set up a research laboratory (ulsanresearchlaboratory, url), for example.
In 1992, url was chosen to oversee the development of high-tech batteries for electric cars, and received funding from the government to develop sodium sulfur batteries.
Only Canada, hbs, Germany, Hbb, Britain, and Ndk had world-class battery technology. In 1993, url successfully developed a 120-km electric vehicle with a high energy density battery.
Since the twenty-first century, the ski battery business has grown steadily, becoming a world-class battery producer. At the beginning of the twenty-first century, yukong began to make batteries for hybrid and pure electric cars.
Commercial production: in 2005, the company began to develop lithium ion batteries for electric cars: in 2006, the company developed its own hybrid car batteries (medium and large lithium ion batteries); in 2010, the company produced lithium for electric cars, which were installed on the first high-speed car in Korea, "blueon", and in 2011 with Mercedes-Benz.
High-performance high-end car manufacturer Mercedes-Amg signed the Lithium Battery Cooperation Agreement; in the same year, the Ssk Group operated separately and battery operations began to be handled by the ski. In 2012, the ski developed the first cell in the world using ncm 622 ncm orthodoxy, with a nickel cobalt/manganese ratio of 60/20% and in 2014
In 2016, ski developed the world ' s first cell using ncm 811 cathode material, which is planned to produce bulk production in 2022. In addition, ski made a massive investment in the United States, China, and Europe, planning to expand electric vehicle battery production to 40gwh in 2021 and 85gwh in 2023.
Extension to 200gwh by 2025 and 500gwh by 2030. At the same time, Kiski plans to develop 4r (rent-charge-maintenance-reclamation) as a strategic platform to complete the production of electro-movement-based electric car batteries and to connect the front-and-end value chain of the battery business through the establishment of a battery or service system.
An electronic mobile solution provider. Figure 18: ski has been investing in battery operations in China, the United States and Europe. 2.2, ski lithium diaphragm technology is developing in tandem with battery operations, and the expansion of capacity is advancing steadily
Since 1996, when the decision was made to develop the lithium cell business, the ski diaphragm technology has made a breakthrough and has applied for several patents, and according to Googlepatent, as early as June 2005, the company applied to our Intellectual Property Office for a patent for micro-holed high-density polyethylene membrane and its preparation methods, which could be used to produce high-yielding, excellent crowding-mixing.
The performance and stability of batteries can be significantly improved by the micro-plastic and tensile micro-density polyethylene membrane; the patent for micro-permeable polyethylene membrane with improved strength, permeability and surface performance was applied in 2006; and in 2008, the company applied for a patent for the polymagnetic polymagnetic aromatic acetylene and its methods of preparation, with low cut-off temperatures for products with polyethylene.
High-melting temperature of degrees, polypropylene and its heat-resistant fillings, combined with microperforcing, high-intensity, stability and high permeability and high-intensity of dry diaphragms that are characteristic of wet membranes, can be used to manufacture secondary batteries with high capacity and power, while the company continuously improves its preparation technology during 2008-2010, thereby increasing production.
In 2012, the diaphragm industry developed a ceramic coating diaphragm process, and ski applied in 2013 for a patent for a high-heat-resistant ceramic coating micro-perforcing membrane, thus compensating for the high temperature stability of the absence of micro-perforcers. During the period 2013-2016, the company made another technological breakthrough by inventing a compound-based diaphragm and increasing diaphragm tolerance.
Thermality and leachability are suitable for the preparation of higher-capacity batteries. After 2016, the company further improved diaphragm tolerance, closed-hole temperature, and the technology for diaphragm preparation matured.
The commercial production of lithium diaphragms (libs) was first achieved, followed by the continued expansion of diaphragm production worldwide