Lithium Tianqi (00246.sz) - Annual Report Review Greenbush Lithium Mine Adjustment Pricing Mechanism, Corporate Focus on Growth in Production, 2023 Annual Report: 40.503 billion yuan, + 0.13 per cent; Net Return to Mothers
In terms of sales data for core products: in 2023, the total production of lithium concentrates reached 15.22 million tons, with higher yields compared to the previous year, mainly as a result of the higher grade of the original minerals, while the ongoing technical improvement project resulted in a recovery rate of 40.94 million tons for the plants and an inventory of 13.2 million tons of lithium compounds.
52 weeks of maximum/minimum price consolidation upstream lithium resource layout, focus on augmentation resource end: Greenbus lithium mine pricing changed from quarterly to monthly, and, in addition,
The company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Lithium Co., introduced the strategic investor Purple Gold Mining in the form of a build-up of equity, with the right to mine the Tsorra Lithium mine in Sichuan, which was registered on 9 January 2024 by the Agency for the Development and Reform of the Yangtze County Project on the Tsola Lithium Foil Trench.
At the end of the product: the company currently has five production bases for lithium chemical products, with a combined capacity of 888 million tonnes/year, which will be further upgraded to more than 140,000 tonnes/year.
Lithium hydroxide products produced by the plant project were certified by the sample clients Skonco.ltd and nonthvolt ettab and delivered in January 2024. Investment end: the company held a sqm 22.16% shareholding and was its second largest shareholder.
The Tianqi Lithium Industry (002466.sz) reported a three-quarter review: three quarters saw a slight increase in the profit ring, a billion yuan profit, a net profit equivalent of RMB 141.36 billion, and announced the release of the dividends equivalent to RMB 002466.sz, a semi-annual review of the Tianqi Lith Industry (00246.sz): a fall in the profit ring in the second quarter.
Lithium Tianqian (002466.sz) - Lithium mineral resources have a significant advantage, with steady expansion of lithium salt production. Lithium Tianqian (002466.sz) - three quarters to overcome multiple factors challenges and maintain a strong investment proposal: maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Lithium Tianqian (00246.sz) — semi-annual reviews — fully completes the deleveraging target, with a strong potential for expansion at the end, providing a solid raw material guarantee for the rapid expansion of lithium salt production in mid- and long-term growth that is expected to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The net profit of the mother in 2023 was $7,297 million, the company q4 lost the profit ring, which we believe is mainly due to: 1) the apparent decline in the price of lithium salt, the national production of battery-grade lithium q3/q4 at 24.14,13.43 million yuan per ton, q4 ring-to-44 per cent battery-grade hydrogen oxidation.
Lithium q3/q4 at an average price of $22.82.13.10 million per ton, q4 ring ratio-43 per cent; 2) Green Bush lithium concentrate internal closings, which are significantly higher than industry averages due to delays in quarterly adjustments; 3) increased sales and sales prices of the controlled subsidiary Van Phil de Lithium concentrate, resulting in higher profits and losses for a few shareholders of the company; 4) q4 downstream materials and batteries
Businesses go to the vault, lithium salt sales are poor; 5) participating companies sqm have experienced a decline in their performance. Figure 2: Corporate net profit return and acceleration (in billions of dollars, per cent) Core product sales data: The Tyllison Greenbus lithium production is basically full of 1.62 million tons of capacity per year.
At the operational level, the total production of lithium concentrates in 2023 was 15.22 million tons, of which 14.47 million tons were chemical-grade products, 75,000 tons were technical-grade products, and the same increase in lithium concentrates was due mainly to the higher grade of the original minerals, as well as to the further increase in the recovery rate of the plants as a result of the ongoing technology adaptation project.
Lithium mines were sold to the Tianqi Litex industry and Yapo of the United States, where the chemical lithium concentrates purchased by Tian Qi Litium industry were used mainly for self-production or commissioning into lithium-chemical products, and in 2023 Green Bush sold to the United States the total amount of lithium concentrate in Yapo in 2023 to approximately 810,000 tons. The company produced about 50.7 million tons of lithium compounds and derivatives in 2023, compared to 7.30 per cent in sales.
Tens of thousands of tons of lithium compounds are in stock at approximately 132,000 tons, and the top-up lithium resource layout focuses on increasing capacity for the strategic deployment of lithium resources in China, Australia and Chile, with a vertically integrated global industry.
Chain Strengths are committed to a long-term development strategy of “upstream, middle-stream, bottom-down” and are now working with global strategic partners to promote a sustainable long-term development of lithium ion cell technology in the electric automobile and energy storage industries to become globally influential agents of energy change.
At the end of the resource base, the company uses the Green Bush lithium mine of Western Australia as a resource base, and the Sichuan Jajia lithium mine as a resource reserve. The Green Bush lithium mine currently has a lithium concentrate of 1.62 million tonnes/year, and the igo announcement indicates that Green Bush has 35.6.39.5/41.4/358,000 tons of lithium concentrate, 2304 ring 13.5%.
The pricing mechanism for the chemical-grade lithium concentrate products of the mines in the year is based on quarterly adjustments; the company currently uses the average of four major global pricing agencies (fastmarket, benchmarkminalinelligence, s&pglobalplatts and the Asian Metals Network), based on the current market environment, on a quarterly basis in the past.
The offer is supplemented by a shareholder discount, which is the average price of the four mainstream offer agencies that are currently consulted on a monthly basis, and a shareholder discount. There are also two extension plans in Greenbush: 1) cgp3 which are being built up with a design capacity of 520,000 tonnes/year and are expected to be completed by mid-2025; 2) cgp4 is expected to be completed by mid-2025.
In the long run, the Green Bush lithium mine is expected to reach 2.66 million tons/year, with a 350,000-ton contract. After Igo was introduced as a strategic investor, Tianqi indirectly held 26.01% of the Green Bush lithium mine, but still holds control of the Green Bush lithium mine.
The company owns the right to mine lithium from the Sichuan Yajiang Tsora Lithium mine, the wholly-owned company which obtained a mining licence from the former Sichuan State Land Office on 6 April 2012. The Ztrah Lithium Fumisite mine is located in Jajiang County, Ganze County, Sichuan Province, and is part of Asia’s largest hard rock lithium methca mine. As of the end of 2021, Ztola Lithium was part of the largest diamond mine in Asia.
It has 632,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent resources, with 1.3% of the resources, and in May 2023, the Lithium Alloy industry introduced the strategic investor Purple Mining in the form of a capital build-up. The replenishment is planned to buy 20% of the Lithium Alloys in cash from the Sea South Purple Minerals, a fully-funded subsidiary of the Purple Mining Company.
The mining industry, as a strategic investor in the lithium industry, is instrumental in optimizing the stock structure of the lithium industry, making full use of the resource advantages available to the Department, facilitating the construction of the company Zola Lithite Project, building on the advantages of the purple gold mining industry in mining development and construction, and further accelerating the conversion of the company ' s stock resources into objective production/production supplies.
The Division is actively and orderly moving forward with work on the selection of lithium quartz in Yajiang. Lithium has been registered with the Yajiang County Department of Development and Reform on 9 January 2024 on the Tsoraz lithite prairie tailings project.
The joint venture, which is to build a 220kv power transmission project to meet the electricity needs of the parties, will provide infrastructure for the follow-up of the Tshola project, and at the end of which there are currently five production bases for lithium chemical products, including two expansion projects.
Tons/year: 2) Jiang Su-Hang is the world's first fully automated battery-grade carbonic acid plant with a capacity of 20,000 tons/year and the company has initiated a 30,000-ton lithium hydroxide project; 3) Chongqing Beam Production Base is mainly engaged in the development and production of lithium metal products with a capacity of 600 tons/year, with the copper beam base to be expanded in two phases
A completion ceremony was held on 26 December 2023 to confirm the output of a product that meets the battery-grade lithium carbonate standard. Foreign base: Australia’s Quinana plant (the first lithium hydroxide project) is the first global input. The fully automated battery-grade lithium hydroxide plant, which currently has a battery-grade lithium hydroxide production capacity of 24,000 tonnes/
In January 2024, the shipment began. In addition, phase II of the project, which was started in 2017 at Quinana Base, has been largely completed and is still in a state of suspension.
On the basis of the maturity of the project, a combination of market demand, corporate mobility, etc., has been developed and plans for the construction of lithium II hydrogenide projects have been adjusted. At the investment end, the company now holds a share in sqm 22.16%.
Operating at Atacama Salt Lake, the world’s largest lithium reserve, which currently produces 180,000 tons of lithium carbonate and 30,000 tons of lithium hydroxide per year. Sqm sold about 170,000 tons of lithium salt in 2023, corresponding to +8.42%. Sqm achieved business income equivalent of RMB 52,449 million in 2023, net profit equivalent of RMB 141.36 billion, and
Sqm is expected to increase the sales of lithium salt by the same amount in 2024, producing the first tons of lithium concentrate in the fourth quarter of the year, and the mthholland is expected to produce 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide annually. The lithium industry, as the second largest shareholder of the sqm, is expected to earn a higher return on investment from its rapid expansion of production capacity.
Resources, and resource-side expansion potential, provide solid raw material security for the rapid expansion of the production capacity of middle- and middle-stream lithium salt, and sustain the “buy-in” rating in the medium and long term. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author