Lithium billion (300014.sz) Shen Kajia Company actively deploys upstream raw materials, enhances supply chain security and recommends “buy-in”
According to the company ' s announcement, on 16 February, the company signed a cooperation agreement with the People ' s Government of Yutsi, the Ntje stockholdings, the China Friends Holdings and Yuncianization on the New Energy Batteries All-Industry Chain Project, in which the parties will jointly establish two companies, each engaged in mineral resource development and deep mineral processing; in addition, the company will also:
The power cells, storage cells, and consumer battery products of the company have huge potential for growth. For power batteries, the company has the capacity to produce squares, soft bags, and large cylinder batteries, and the product is cut into BMW and Ping.
For high-quality companies, output is expected to increase; the company's storage capacity is expanding rapidly, and it will be ready for release this year; for batteries, there is a clear competitive advantage in the company's consumption, and the supply of products is inadequate.
The agreement provides for the establishment of two joint ventures in the city of Yushi for the development of mineral resources and deep processing of minerals. Of the two joint ventures, the Yushi municipality, the Entje shares, the billion-latitude Lithium energy, the Chinese friend cobalt industry, and cloudbone shareholding.
In addition, the agreement deals with the shares of Enje, the billions of latitudes of lithium energy, the Chinese friend cobalt industry and the cloudy future.
Lithium primary batteries will lead the construction of new energy batteries, lithium cell partitioning films, iron phosphate and lithium phosphate, copper and other battery-packing projects in Tam Creek, with a commitment of $18.5 billion in one phase.
At the same time, the company will take advantage of the local industrial cluster to further expand the production capacity of power storage batteries and upgrade the company’s capacity.
The company has strengthened upstream raw material layouts: due to the continued rise in upstream raw material prices and tight supply, the company has been active since 2021 in the distribution of battery critical raw material production. In addition to this investment in Yunnanyu Creek, the company has previously locked in the Qinghai Chaidan through equity participation and strategic cooperation.
Some of the lithium resources of Salt Lake and Tibetan Yujika Salt Lake and plans to invest locally in the production of positive materials, including 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide production in Qinghai, are expected to come into production in the second half of this year. In addition, the company also has shares in Entje, Central Electric, Greenmit, etc.
The company actively cooperates in securing the supply of diaphragms, negative materials and nickel products.