Continuous additions to capacity, repurchases highlight long-term development confidence 100 million latitudes of lithium energy (3000014) dynamic appraisals recommended (for the first time)
One hundred and thirty hundred million latitude lithium energy (3000014) has been announced: 1) to buy back no less than 150 million to the World Dot Notification. 3) It is proposed to invest 12.6 billion yuan in 20gwh square lithium and 48gwh power storage energy projects in the high-rise area of the Qingmen.
The company plans to invest 12.6 billion yuan in the new area of Qingmen, to build 20gwh square-powered lithium projects (3.8 billion yuan in fixed assets and 190 million yuan in strength/gwh) and 48gwh power storage projects (8.8 billion yuan in fixed assets and 180 million in strength)
The company's project is the 153gwhh power storage and battery garden at Chengdu, where the company plans 50gwh for Chengdu, the three-dollar soft bag at Huezhou 10gwh, and the joint venture with the forest and ocean energy 10gwh, with other capacity added to the company's capacity.
To date, the company has a capacity of 20 gwh, 2.5 gwh in trigonometry, and 10 gwh in triocle. By the end of 2022, the public division's 10 gwh rectangular is expected to be operational and the company's 20 gwh cylinder project will be launched in 2023.
The company’s clients are of high quality and are now in high-quality customers such as BMW, modern Chia, Daimler, Peng, Jaguar Road Rover, Boshi, etc. In terms of storage capacity, the company has entered the supply chain system of China’s migration and national electricity grids.
In the long run, there will be a long-term positive trend towards a clear and cost-competitive industry, a better company's industrial chain, coupled with excellent partners in the industry chain, and upstream resources.
In terms of goods, in collaboration with Hwa Yu, Greenmi, Dahua Chemical Plus Nickel, Lithium Resources, and in terms of materials from China, China, China, Ntje, Defon, and Bettre, we have a very deep layout. In general, the company's industry is well-defined and will be further strengthened.
Company supply chain security, increasing cost competitiveness, in the case of middle- and middle-size materials, with the State of New Zeus (20 per cent of 100 million latitude shares, 20,000 tons of electrical fluids + 50,000 tons of semiconductor chemicals) and Chinese electricity (40 per cent of 100 million latitude shares, clouds)
The South invested 100,000 tons of negative integration, each of which is expected to yield 50,000 tons by the end of 2022, Engjee (45 per cent of 100 million latitude shares, 1.6 billion flat-water membrane investments and the corresponding coating capacity), Defonami (40 per cent of 100 million latitudes, clouds)
The South invests 100,000 tons of lithium, which is expected to be in production at 2022h2, Bettray, etc. (24% of millions of latitude shares, investment in 50,000 tons of high nickel projects) in a full-scale layout.
Green States has committed itself since 2024 to supply no less than 10,000 tons of nickel annually; and with China and others, to invest 120,000 tons of nickel per year + 15,000 tons of cobalt humid smelting project in Indonesia.
In addition, the company acquired 49 per cent of the Xinghua lithium salt (Lithium salt plus workers) and 28 per cent of the Quinlon (metal lithium production) shares and invested 1.8 billion yuan in a joint venture (80 per cent of 100 million latitudes) to build 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate and hydrogen.
Lithium oxide project, one of which is 10,000 tons. The company, working in collaboration with the Dahua Chemical Industries, has achieved the chain layout of the lithium resource and lithium processing industry, securing the company's lithium resources and pushing back the employee-stocking scheme to show confidence in long-term development.
The company intends to re-subsume its SIP and issue draft SIP 9 with no more than 3300 participants with a total funding ceiling of 180 million yuan. On 3 December 2021, the company awarded 17,570,000 restricted shares to 1,634 employees.
In general, the company values talent, has a strong incentive for its employees, retains its good staff, and buys back to show its confidence in long-term growth. We believe that the company’s industry is well organized, productive, customer, technical, and employee incentives are a multi-dimensional guarantee of long-term growth.
Based on the company's high-quality track, industry's layout is in line with future trends, short-term pressure is good, long-term trends are good, and we're looking at the company's medium- and long-term up-scaling, and we're giving a "recommended" rating.
Risks of policy volatility; lower-than-expected demand downstream; lower-than-expected product prices; risk of deteriorating competitive patterns; less-than-expected expansion and digestion of production capacity; less progress on growth; Dr. Yin Bin: new energy chief. 4 years of business + 5 years of securities + 1 year of fund experience, successively.
As a core member, it covers lithium power cells, fuel cells, storage energy and related industrial chains of listed companies and new energy vehicles.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.