Glossy glass (600660.0.sh) has grown robustly, four seasons have created a record high, surpasses the industry (in terms of vehicle output as compared to 7.1%), four quarters has a record high, sam has lost.
The net profit performance of companies is driven by multiple factors, such as rising costs of raw materials, currency exchange losses and shipping costs. The rise in maritime freight and pure alkaline prices influences the Māori rate and lowers the cost rate.
The impact of the rise in the price of pure alkalis, where shipping costs affect the Māori rate by 0.98 pct over the same year, where offshore operations continue to advance, looking forward to innovative car glass products. On the German end: Aluminium Fysam, acquired in 2019, completed project consolidation in the first half of 2020 and received one in the fourth quarter of 2021.
The secondary end-of-life impact is expected to increase in the loss ring ratio of Sam; at the end of the United States: the second half of the 20 years of the epidemic gradually faded, and in the first half of the 20s and the first half of the 21st year of the 21st year, high-value-added products such as condensable glass and glass upshows accounted for an increase of 3.31 pct, the car estate.
The price of flat rice rose continuously from $152.4 in 2016 to $180.5 in 2021, or 3.44% in Cagr. The radiated glass is now available in such vehicles as apologetic 001 and aigain aionsplus.
"Glossy Glass - 600660 - 2021 Quarterly Review: Performance meets expectations, net interest rate " . "Glossy Glass - 600660 - 2020 Review: Performance meets expectations and profits continue to improve Division performance is expected to maintain a 20% or more acceleration; long-term dimensions, company as global car glass tap, intelligence.
In the light of this trend, car glass is expected to increase from 1 car glass (area) from 4 square metres to 6 square metres; 2) the value of single square metres (plating, insulation, wrapping, hud, light adjustment, 5g communications, etc.) from 600 dollars to more than 2,000 dollars.
The increase is expected to accelerate. Taking into account the epidemic, the lack of core impact of discharges, exchange gains and losses, raw materials and shipping costs, the company ' s growth in 2021 was robust, the loss of sam, the cost of raw materials (-110 million), the impact of rising shipping costs and the price of pure alkali prices, and taking into account the year 2021 gross of comparable caliber companies adjusted to accounting standards.
Implement a question-and-answer process to change the related transportation costs from the original costs charged in the current period to the same base amortization as recognized in the income from goods or services to operating costs; and the day-to-day repair costs of fixed assets associated with the production and processing of inventories from the original costs recorded in the current period to the principle of determining inventory costs.
The company made retroactive adjustments for 2019 and 2020. After the change in accounting policy described above, the impact of the 2021 gross-grade rise was felt, with shipping charges rising by $231 million to RMB, which affected the Māori rate by 0.98 pct; pure alkaline by $107 million to RMB, which affected the Māori rate by 0.45 pct. single q4 cents.
Interest rate due to change in accounting standards and partial transfer of management and sales costs to the cost end of q4 with a different calculus, using the calculus of Māori ratio-sale rate-management rate as the calculus of Māori ratio-sale cost rate-management rate, which has decreased steadily overall in 2021.
Comparable, so here we adjust the sales and management rates for 2020 in accordance with the new accounting policy. At comparable calibre, the company ' s four-time rate for 20.25% in 2021 is the same as the rate of -1.16 pct, in which sales/management figure 8: Changes in the four rates of cost of glazing glass
Four rates for 2020 are based on data adjusted for accounting policies) Fukuyo's car glass business continued to advance in 2021, both within and outside the country. Since 2013, Fyoglass' annual pick-up rate and quarterly pick-up rate fluctuations have been generally consistent with the domestic car market industry, with its rate of pick-up in absolute terms at a basic level.
In 2021, domestic vehicle sales increased by the same amount as in 2021 in the context of the industry chip shortage, European output recovered, and sam consolidated the 21q4 ring growth ratio. Following the acquisition of German sam alumni assets in 2019, the company began to integrate in order to improve its operational efficiency, and by 2020 began to do so.
Six months after the project was consolidated, the loss of sam was guaranteed in the context of the significant impact of the q2 overseas epidemic on the harvest, but was not magnified. Since the beginning of the q3 epidemic, the sam output utilization ratio has improved, the loss margin has shown a downward trend since 2002, with 2104 being affected by one-off withdrawals, and the sam loss ring has increased.
In order to maintain a competitive advantage, companies are investing more and more, and their research and development investment has grown from 155 million yuan in 2010 to 815 million yuan in 2020, and 1.13 per cent in San Goban. Companies have set up smart innovation centres, created smart network innovation teams, and quickly studied them.
Breaking through the core technology of critical car glass formation processes and equipment, glass antennas, plating films, photovoltaics, etc. by developing light-quantified ultra thin glass, plating glass to heat it, up-showing glass, ultra-separated glass, eccentric 5g glass with grid antennas, intelligent panorama glass, etc., to bring full access to users.
New green intelligence, energy-efficient environmental protection, and safe and comfortable driving experiences. In response to the country’s “middle carbon” and “carbon peaks,” Yoyo actively introduced highly automated production lines in the manufacture of innovative products, significantly increasing the efficiency and quality of production while further reducing production energy consumption.
Research and development of innovation and technology leads the company to upgrade its glass products. The company continues to push car glass towards “safe, energy-efficient, environment-friendly, fashion-friendly, intelligent integration”, smart skyscreen glass, modifiable glass, glass-up, glass-up, glass-up, glass-free, light-quantized, plating-heated glass, etc.
The value of the increase in the value of the product has been increasing steadily, and this represents a 3.31 pct increase over the same period in the previous year.
In December 2021, the world's premier transvestite tourist train was officially offline in Hunancian, and is expected to be operational in late 2022 on Integrated Orbital Transport Line 1 in Ligang City.
The front window was designed to cover approximately 5.2 m2, which is the product of the largest orbital front window currently in size, and the side window of the train was equipped with an electric modifiable glass.
Figure 14: The world's premier landscape-wide mountain travel train is officially offline looking forward to the future, with Hud (popular meb/New Wall Platform, etc.), full glass roofs (Texra, Peng, etc.), glass-replacing applications becoming widespread, and the automobile glass industry is expected to increase in the context of electric intelligence.asp
Quick. We believe that light glass with its insulation, sound insulation, entertainment, safety, etc., will give the pan-scenes glass more functionality. The light glass product is fully configured and supplied to the mainstream, the brand-owned electric smart car. At present, the light glass product can be divided into pdlc light glass, the heat of color transformation.

With low fog, automatic radiation of intelligence sensors, insulated UV, and the use of optical game ec electro-continuing techniques to achieve a gradient of color modulus light, it is now in the pattern of polar helium 001, wide-blown aionsplus, etc. The Favour Group has won the “China Quality” award and the third “Golden Series” with a fixed panorama window.
On September 16, the 4th China Quality Congress was reconvened in Hangzhou Long, and the list of organizations and individuals for the 4th China Quality Award was unveiled. The Fukuyo Group was recognized by the Committee for the Recognition of the "Four Ones" Quality Award and won the China Quality Award on October 18.
The Third Gold Series Award for China's New Automobile Supply Chain was inaugurated in Shanghai at the opening of the Third Gold Series Award hosted by the Gael. The Fukuyo Group won the Third Gold Series Award for China's New Vehicle Supply Chain 100-and-forwards. On December 4, 2021 China's Motor Supply Chain Summit and 6th China's Car Supply Chain Summit was held in Shanghai.
The Fukuyo Group has won the 6th Suzuki Award for Production with the Smart Panorama. This is the 6th consecutive edition of the Suzuki Award for heavy weight. Figure 17: Fukuyo's fixed skylight won the 3rd Golden Series Award.
Figure 18: Fulfilled Smart Panorama Winner 2021 bell-winner = Investment Recommendations: Continuous Recommendations for Global Glory Glass on Quality Tracks and Maintenance of Increased Ratings. Industry Opportunities In the Context of Automotive Smartization, industry opportunities revolve around 1) incremental/upgraded parts; 2) Autonomous Rising Productions
Two main lines of the chain are active. Under the main line of incremental/upgraded parts, car glass is naturally captivated (occupying one third of the surface of the car and surrounding the crew), prior upgrades are centred around front-hudization, top-of-the-scenes penetration, and in the medium term, forward car glass is expected to become the mass at the end of the car's ecological application.
According to the output carrier (the amount of information outside the control screen), there is a huge growth space (one-car value from 700-1500-3000+).
The global car glass tap (31% of the city) is far more profitable than the global competitor. Multiple factors, such as company billion in 2021, and shipping costs ( -230 million), dragged companies’ net profit performance in 2021 ($3.1 billion, with similar expectations that the company’s performance would continue at a rate of more than 20%; and its long-term dimensions, with companies acting as global car glass taps.
Pyre; 2) Pyre value increases (curve plating, insulation, wrapping, hud, light modulation, 5g communications, etc.) from $600 to over $2,000. The next car glass, grid connection, opening new horizons, industry asp upgrades, taking into account the epidemic, lack of core impact discharges, exchange gains and losses, raw materials and shipping costs are uncertain and reduced for profit.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject