Shin Yishan identification. Chinese Chinese vehicle (601766.sh) is in a new phase of trade in equipment.
30 August 2024 The company's “double track, double cluster” layout was first successful, and the re-entry of the track operation became a recent growth in the company's active deployment of the “double track” of transport equipment and clean energy equipment, forming the entire vehicle (airline) and
(railway equipment + city regulations and urban infrastructure) rebounded with 63.4 per cent revenue and + 6.9 per cent revenue; non-trading plates (new industry + modern services) grew steadily, with 36.6 per cent revenue, compared with rising railway passenger and freight targets, and company rail operations are expected to grow at an accelerated pace.
\triangleright group of new, high-level revisions is promising. Core rail transport indicators are good and are expected to support capital expenditure: (1) Breakthrough growth in passenger transport: 24
\triangleright January-July, 2,522 million people, 15.7% more than in the same period of history, with high summer data, 1 July-12 August, with cumulative national railways sending summer passengers.
+ 6.1 per cent (2) freight traffic increased for three consecutive months: in January-July of 24 years, the country's railways cumulatively delivered 2,257 million tons of goods, which was positive for the same year, and yoy + 0.1 per cent; of this, the volume of goods delivered in May-July increased by the same year, respectively.
\triangleright group). (2) Major tender: 24 years of two tenders, class IV 268.25, class V 509, group 777.25; of which the second tender, group V 302, ring comparison + 45.9 per cent (3)
In January-July 2024, the senior repair contract for the newly-signed cars in the middle and middle cars was $28,460 million, well over 23 years old, benefiting from the upgrading of equipment, and the accelerated phase-out of old and in-house cars is expected: the phase-out of the new management approach for old railways (advanced draft) states that from 2027 onwards, the end-of-life age has been reached
The old railway burner should be completely out of the rail transport market, with about 0.78 million old internal combustion engines to be replaced; the first seven new energy engines to be distributed globally in China, with three power configurations: “Interim Engine + Power Batteries” and “hydrofuel cells”, covering between 1,000 and 2,000 kilowatts.
There's still room in the overseas market and there's a promising increase along the way: in the next few years, global transit equipment, market demand is divided, Europe is primarily a British, German motor vehicle demand: the Middle East and Africa are the main needs.
Large-scale turnkey engineering; the Asian region is expected to see strong growth in India’s markets. The company has helped with a positive demonstration of the “Yavanta Iron”-based pole project. In the future, the company is expected to continue to take advantage of “one-way” national projects in South-East Asia, the Middle East, and Latin America.
Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment recommendations: The company is the leading equipment in the global trade, while at the same time actively building a new industry, and has built a "double track, double cluster" pattern.
In the short and medium term, the increase in vehicle purchases and high-level tenders for renovations are expected to increase the company’s performance:
In the medium-to-long term, the ratio of moving vehicles to urban track security operations has been rising, adding to the expansion of overseas markets, and companies are expected to maintain a steady and steady increase in the interlocking plates; the new industrial matrix continues to improve and the competitiveness of firms continues to improve, with the prospect of cross-cutting development and enabling companies opening up opportunities for growth.
Less than expected; less than expected recovery of urban track operations; less than expected expansion of companies overseas; new corporate industries competing; global leaders; new industries moving steadily towards a 1.1 “double track, double cluster” pattern to achieve cluster development
The company is committed to building a "double track, double cluster" pattern, which refers to two main directions in the development of orbital traffic equipment and clean energy equipment, and a "double cluster" which revolves around these two tracks, forming the entire vehicle and the core system, zero. In 2015, the Chinese South and the Chinese North were restructured to create a Chinese Chinese vehicle, and the company took over the entire operation and assets of the North and South.
It is the largest, most varied and technologically leading orbital equipment supplier worldwide. Among these, rail equipment covers rail preparation (cargo, locomotive, passenger, cargo) and urban orbital equipment (mega, light track, magnetic float, etc.), with autonomous intellectual property rights for the core product. By the end of 2020, the company ' s main product was capable of producing 547 new units/years of motor vehicles and new motor vehicles.
1530 new 2,300 vehicles per year for passenger vehicles, 5.15 million new trucks per year, 11840 vehicles per year for the total assembly of urban track vehicles (including subways, trams, single tracks, medium- and low-speed magnetic floats).
Figure 1: China’s Chinese-car development history 1.2 Corporate equity structure is stable and the main affiliates under the flag are strong
By the end of 2024, the controlling shareholders in the company were limited companies of the China-China Cars Group, which is a 100%-held company of the State Treasury Committee of the State Council and holds 50.83% of the shares directly in China-China-China Cars Company Limited.
The company has been active in investing abroad, investing in more than 40 enterprises, with more than 20 wholly owned subsidiaries, which have a long history and strong strength. (1) In terms of the business layout, the driving of the car has been leading by four-way shares, the long-staying shares, and the production qualifications of Tangshan and Pujin companies.
The main producers of the locomotive business are stock companies, large companies. The new industry is a major factor in the company’s development, and the company’s business is more comprehensive and has a core set of technologies, such as towing control, igbt, etc.
The total revenue contribution was 59.3 per cent. 1.3 The new industry grew steadily and effectively smoothed the performance track business cycle. Corporate operations were split into four branches, including railway equipment, new industries, urban track operations, modern services, and we divided them into four branches.
Epidemiological factors inhibit demand in the downstream transport sector, and the decline in freight and passenger traffic has had an impact on companies’ transhipment operations, but the growth of off-track operations has stagnated the decline in the transhipment and the overall corporate operating income has declined only marginally in 20-22 years.
The proportion of railway equipment, new industries, and urban track operations is higher in terms of the breakdown of business income contributions. The proportion of railway equipment, new industries, and urban track operations are higher in terms of the breakdown of the business ' contribution of Maori. The contribution of railway equipment was up to 58.3 per cent in 2019, and then declined, with 47.6 per cent in 2023. The contribution of the new industry increased significantly in 2020.
In terms of a breakdown of the Māori rate of operations, the overall Māori ratio of rail operations is higher than that of the new industry. Of these, the Māori rate of railway equipment is around 25%, the urban track is around 20%, and the new industry is below 20%.
In 22 years, the urban track revenue was higher than the engine. In terms of sales, the city track vehicle peaked in 2020 and then fell, while the engine group started to drop in 2016 and recovered on a marginal basis for 23 years. Figure 12: China ' s median track transit equipment revenue fell in 20-22 years and recovered in 23 years (millions of yuan)
2. The start-up of vehicle operations benefits from new construction and security requirements, the transfer of locomotive operations benefits from an old change in policy, the transfer of equipment from the company is expected to benefit from a new build and maintenance of the fleet, and the replacement of motor vehicles is reflected in an old change in policy. Specifically, the start-up of the fleet is driven by passenger requirements and a new route.
New demand is expected to rise, with vehicle fleets and urban track vehicles gradually entering a major renovation cycle as the number of years of operation increases, and demand is expected to rise: locomotive demand benefits from the old policy of switching to old ones, new energy locomotive replacements for old and old ones, engine fleet 2.1: new demand is strong, major renovation cycles are in place
2.1.1 The high-speed iron construction period has passed and the mileage planning has entered a smooth period. From the mileage planning, the high-speed growth period for the high-iron construction is over, with a combined increase projected for 2023-2025: in line with the 14th Five-Year Development Plan for a Modern Integrated Transport System, the national railway battalion is expected to be in operation by the end of 2025.
According to the 2023 Bulletin of Statistics on the Development of the Transport Sector, 159,000 kilometres of the country ' s railways, of which 45,000 kilometres of high-speed railways (including parts of inter-city railways) were operating at a combined rate of 1.9 per cent and 5.4 per cent respectively in 2023-2025.
(3) 2025-2035: According to the Framework for the Planning of Railways for the New Era, the national railway network is expected to be around 200,000 km by the end of 2035, of which about 70,000 km are high, with a compound increase of 3.4 per cent in high iron mileage between 2025 and 2035.
INT is the company’s largest customer, with a revenue contribution of 38 per cent in 2023; INTL’s improved business performance, cash liquidity, is the basis for investment in new routes and vehicles. INTL’s 2023 deficit, with a 24q1 revenue increase, supports capital spending. For 23 years, the track trade industry has operated under the aegis of INT, driven by rising passenger demand and a steady increase in freight traffic.
On 30 April, INT disclosed quarterly financial accounts for 2023 and first quarter of 2024. In 2023, INTL earned $124.5 billion, i.e. + 10.5 per cent, with a net profit of $3.3 billion; 24q1, INT earned $283.3 billion, i.e. 4.2 per cent, and INTL maintained a smooth and efficient business performance.
In January-July of 24 years, cumulative fixed-asset investments amounted to $41.2 billion, compared with +10.5 per cent. Passenger traffic continued to rise, with a strong increase in bid for cars. In January-July of 2024, the country ' s railways had a cumulative transport passenger population of 2,522 million, compared with +15.7 per cent; after the start of the summer, the country ' s railways cumulatively sent 605 million summer passengers, on 1 July and 12 August.
The group, which has exceeded the total annual tender volume for 2023 (group 164), is now in the process of completing the overhaul cycle, which is expected to increase at a high rate.
The three levels of management of the INT, the Railways Department, and the mobile segment are designed to provide preventive repairs with a kilometre cycle, supported by a time cycle, whichever is the first.
In 2007, we began large-scale deliveries, with the 2015-2019 increase of 300 units; based on a rough 12-year cycle of level V repairs, the moving teams will face grade V repairs before and after 2010-2012.
In January-July 2024, according to a new contract announcement, the company signed a new contract for advanced repairs to the van. On 16 August, INT issued a procurement notice for the second high-level revision of the car unit in 2024, in which the fifth-grade tender was set at 302 (first compared to the first).
+45.9% of the batches, Group 146.625 (compared to +20.6% in the first instalment) for level IV amendments, totalling 448.625 (compared with +36.5% in the first instalment). Overall, 24 years of bidding, Group 268.25 for level IV and Group 509 for level V, totalling 777.25. Since this year, the motor block has continued to outbid expectations and industry logic has been gradually validated.
2.2 Automobiles: holdings are generally stable, old internal combustion vehicles are being phased out at an accelerated rate, cargo needs are up, and locomotive requirements are being supported. In January-July 24 years, the national railways cumulatively delivered 2,257 million tons of goods, i.e., logarithm, yoy+0.1 per cent; of these, the volume of goods delivered in May-July increased by 2.9 per cent, 6.1 per cent and 3.1 per cent respectively.
On 5 December 2023, the National Railways (ANR) introduced an updated management approach to the phase-out of old railways, which states that, from 2027, old railways that have reached the end-of-life age should leave the rail transport market completely; and, from 2035, old railways should be replaced by old railways.
The stock of railway locomotives has remained stable, the share of internal combustion engines has declined over the years, and the replacement of new energy locomotives is expected to accelerate. The National Iron Group ' s 2023 statistical bulletin showed that 22,400 railway locomotives are owned nationwide, of which 0.78 million are home-fired, representing a proportional share.
34.7% According to the National Statistical Office, in 2018 - 2023, the country ' s railway rolling stock remained essentially stable at 2.1 - 22,000 units in total; the proportion of internal combustion engines fell from 38.6% to 34.7% in structure, compared with 67% in 2007.
Encourage new energy engines to upgrade. Use technologies such as hybrid power and new energy power to achieve replacement applications for motor vehicles; install a new generation of low-emission low-fueled and high-speed diesel engines to replace trunk cargo vehicles; introduce diesel-powered + power cell integration applications to replace and sequence trunk-line passenger vehicles; and use efficient communication transmission technologies to upgrade the technology of rolling stock.
China’s first seven new energy locomotives have advantages in terms of environmental protection and economic performance. On June 28, China’s car hosted a conference in Beijing to upgrade its orbital transport equipment, a series of new energy engines, for the first time in the world to launch a series of new energy engines.
Sound, efficient operation will effectively address the problems of “oil consumption, high emissions, noise, and uncomfortability” in old internal combustion engines. The series has three power configurations: “Internal combustion engine + power cell” and “hydrogen fuel cell” that cover a range of 1,000 to 2,000 kilowatts of power that can fully satisfy domestic and foreign steel metallurgy, minerals, electricity, coal.
2.3 The urban track: new markets are under pressure and medium- and long-term prospects for urban rail transport are in a steady period of development, with the total size of urban rail transport routes expected to be close to 13,000 km by the end of 2025.
According to the Statistical and Analytical Report on Urban Orbital Transport 2023, published by the Chinese Urban Transport Association, by the end of 2023, 59 cities had opened 338 urban orbital transport lines with a total of 11224.54 km of operating lines and a net increase of 866.65 km. The urban orbital transport construction is in a steady period of development and is expected to develop over the next two years.
In 2023, the country's average per kilometer operating income was $17.61 per kilometer in 2023, an average of $17.61 per kilometer.
The operational cost per kilometer is $34.43 per kilometer per kilometer and +3.36, with an average per kilometer operating income of $0.92 per person, and an average per kilometer operating cost of $1.74. The average operating income and expenditure ratio is only 64.23 per cent, an increase of 4.60 percentage points in the same year, but the level of income that is difficult to cover remains unchanged.
High-level urban track maintenance consists mainly of racking and major repairs, with various modes of maintenance. According to the requirements of the Measures for the Management of the Operation of Equipment at Urban Orbital Transport Facilities, the racking is not more than 5 years or 800,000 kilometres, the rack is not more than 10 years or 1.6 million kilometres, and the overall useful life is generally less than 30 years or 4.8 million kilometres.
By the end of 2023, a total of 51 cities in China had opened 287 urban orbital routes with vehicles of up to 11345 columns, for a total of 67499. By the end of 2023, 5971 urban orbital urban vehicles of 34969 had completed their work.
In cities with early opening of urban orbital transport lines, two or three rounds of vehicle racking have been carried out for some of the routes; in line 14034, some of the cities have completed two rounds of vehicle overhauls. The tender value for the 22-23 block/repair bid is around 5.5 billion. According to modern orbital traffic statistics, in 2023, there was a total of 14034 vehicles.
Twelve cities were awarded for 24 orbital route vehicle racks/renovations, 621/3548 vehicles with a total value of over $5.5 billion. In comparison with 2022, 18 cities received bids for 34 orbital route racks/renovations 771 vehicles with a total value of over $5.5 billion.
The peak period of 23-26 years, 28-31, was a major one. 3. There is still room in overseas markets, with a promising increase of 3.1 global high irons spread mainly in Asia and Europe, with growth potential in “one-way” areas.
In Asia and Europe, we are still the largest market for high iron construction. According to the uic network, for 21 years, 59,000 km of global high iron operations, of which 40,000 km are in high iron operations and nearly 70% are in the world; and in Asia, where 13,000 km are in high iron construction, with 0.41 million km planned and 0.71 km planned in the long term.
A total of 65,000 km, or nearly 50% of the global ratio; Asia, Europe, or Europe, with a total of 108,000 km, or 82.2% of the global ratio, with Europe accounting for 18.4% of the total number of miles.
The equipment sector is expected to benefit from overseas transport facilities. The “one-way” national infrastructure development index rose from 110 in 2020 to 118 in 2023, and capital development gradually improved.
Drawing up, including but not limited to projects such as regional connectivity, cross-border roads, railways and ports related to trade cooperation, the rail equipment industry is expected to benefit from capital projects such as overseas transport facilities, and the enterprises concerned are expected to acquire new development space. 3.2 The trade in equipment is highly concentrated and regional patterns of competition vary.
In the process of expanding China’s overseas markets, China’s main competitors include a number of well-known railway equipment manufacturers from Europe, North America and Asia, which have a strong customer base and supply network in their home markets. Europe’s main competitors include the Siemens Transport Group in Germany and Alston in France; and the major competitors in the North American market include, plus,
In the Asian market, Japan’s Kawasaki Heavy Industries and Japan’s main competitor in China’s medium-sized car, China’s share in South-East Asia and North America is about a quarter of its share, with a competitive advantage.
The main distribution of the continental market is as follows: Alston (39 per cent), Stadler, Switzerland (19 per cent), Siemens (10 per cent), Yoki (7 per cent), Caf, Spain (5 per cent); North American markets are dominated by Alston (31 per cent), China (23 per cent), Siemens (13 per cent), United States ge (8 per cent) and Switzerland (6 per cent), while South-East Asian markets are divided by China (25 per cent),
South Korea’s modern rotum (24%), Alston (13%), Japan Railway (7%), the United States progressrail (4%), and Spain (2%). Although facing trade barriers in the European and American markets, new corporate international business orders have been growing in recent years.
The company signed a new international business order of $58.4 billion, compared to +14.7 per cent. The company's international business order amounted to $112.7 billion, with a further 3.3 upward investment in global rail exchanges. Overseas manufacturers are optimistic about future market prospects. Siemens traffic is expected to grow significantly over the 2024 fiscal year.
In late 24q1, the reserve of orders for the mobility business increased to Euro45 billion, of which Euro11 billion is expected to translate into revenue in fiscal year 2024. (1) Europe: German and British railway operators will continue to invest heavily in rolling stock and advanced railway infrastructure solutions; (2) the Middle East and Africa: tender large turnkey projects.
For example, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates; (3) the United States: is expected to remain strong, particularly as a result of continued investment in railway vehicles, particularly in trunk and light-track transport. (3) Asia: India's market is expected to grow strongly, largely thanks to the movement of main routes (high-speed trains, freight infrastructure, fleet renewal of motor vehicles and large commuters and locomotives)
Investments in urban subways and railway electrification. Overall, the company expects a similar increase in revenues for the 24-year track operation, and as global economic development and the demand for energy savings rises, we believe that there is still much room for improvement in overseas rail markets, especially in high-iron and urban rail transport.
According to the company ' s annual report, the operations are divided into railway equipment (car fleets, locomotives, buses, vans), new industries, urban track operations (city track vehicles plus design and engineering), modern services. Hydrogen energy, multi-industrial whole machines such as seamen, parts and parts products, and the related operations are currently mostly located in Chinese vehicles.
The company, such as Chang Chau (erastals, new materials of the time) and Shandong Chai (windlights) took a relatively simple approach to the predictions of the new industry, due to the fact that the present report was dominated by a trajectories, and financial data were more transparent in view of the fact that the new materials of the time were already on the market in a stock market. In 2021-2023, two companies received a calculation based on their income contribution.
The value of the company is slightly lower for relatively comparable companies. The company's main business is the transhipment and the new industry, and a combination of the following companies were selected to be comparable: China Chase, Time Electric, and Kyong Gai, the three companies projected an average market surplus from 2024 to 2026, respectively.
Studying overseas listed equipment companies such as Alston, Caf in Spain (multi-methodology, not included in the reference). Alstom lost an average of 1.0 x for almost three years, pb; p (ttm) in caf is 130x, relative to the company's historical valuation, and the current valuation is 51.16% since the company merged, relative to the division of p (ttm) 51.16% since the merger.
The company is at the forefront of the global pipeline, while at the same time actively building new industries, and has built a “double track, double-cluster” pattern. With increased purchasing and warranty requirements driving the pipeline, the company is expected to enter a new phase of growth.
In the medium-to-long term, the ratio of moving vehicles to urban track security has been rising, and the company's interlocking plates are expected to remain stable and stable; the new industry matrix has continued to improve and the company's competitiveness has continued to improve, with the prospect of cross-cutting development and enabling companies.
The National Iron Group invested less than expected, the country’s railway passenger traffic grew less than expected, and the volume of freight did not increase as expected. \triangleright is the company’s largest customer, with a revenue contribution of 38% in 2023; and the Iron Company’s operations improved and cash increased.
In January-July, the number of railway passengers increased by +15.7%, a record high; the volume of cargo increased by 5-July, a positive increase in January-July.
The construction of the urban track is financed mainly by local government finances, local fiscal constraints, and investment in the completion of the urban track has declined for three consecutive years. On the other hand, urban track revenues are still difficult to cover. In 2023, the country ' s urban track transport revenue averaged $17.61 per kilometre of operation, at $34.43 per kilometre of operation; per kilometre of operation, at $0.92 per kilometre of operation, and per kilometre of operation, at MOP
The average operating income and expenditure ratio is only 64.23%, an increase of 4.60 percentage points in the same year, but income is difficult. The continued underperformance of the fruit-track business will have some impact on the company’s performance.
Some offshore countries are escalating their foreign security reviews, incorporating national security, infrastructure and high-technology technologies into foreign investment reviews. Some offshore countries are engaging in trade protectionism, affecting the acquisition of export orders, and making the execution of hand orders more difficult.
There is a risk of increased competition in the company’s new industries, and companies face intense market competition in wind and power cleaning and storage operations.
This represents a decrease of 18.47% over the same period in the previous year, mainly as a result of reduced revenues from wind power and storage equipment. The wind power and storage industries, which are the main downstream companies and large-scale state firms, are dominated by open tendering, may have competitions, such as price wars, leading to a decline in the overall profitability of the industry and a loss in cost control capacity that will be key to the competition of firms.
The financial statement forecasts and valuations are aggregated on a reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status or belief in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.