The railway investment regained the momentum, and the transhipments took off the wind.
China’s Chinese train is the leading equipment company in the world’s rail trade, with railway equipment at its core, and the city’s track and new industries having more to offer. In 2023, the company earned 234,262 million yuan, compared to 5.08%.
Revenues and 48% Māori, the new industry contributed 34% and 30%, urban track and urban infrastructure services contributed 22% and 20%, and modern service services contributed 2% and Māori 2%.  Rail equipment: moving group bidding to recover plus high-level repair needs released, profit elasticity gradually materialized.
China’s Chinese vehicle is the global leader in the field of railway equipment, and the company’s railway equipment operations can be divided into four main sections: 1) moving group: short-term observation of the recovery of fixed-assets investment in railways during the post-epidemiological period, start of bidding by the group, design life limits, stock-motivating and upgrading to support long-term development; 2) maintenance of railway equipment: moving
In 2024-2026, the Crh380 series, the Cr400, the time nodes released by the centralization of the requirements of the class 4 repairs, and the projected start-up of the group IV/V repairs in 2024 and 2025, the search for space will reach 656/525 and 566/807, with expected elastic growth; 3) motorcycles: large-scale equipment
The update clearly guides the replacement of the electric locomotives with the old ones, which are expected to be 683 replacements per year, with a continuous optimization of the company ' s rolling stock; and 4) passenger/cargo: the passenger/cargo operations are highly linked to the power requirements, with a further historical high in passenger/cargo traffic delivery in 2023, where passenger/car traffic requirements are expected to take advantage.
Chinese Car (601766): In the first three quarters of the year, the new industry was cut: the layout of the business was vast, and the synergies in the medium- and long-term were gradually scaled up. The return net profit ratio was +37%, reducing efficiency gains.
China’s new industrial sector, which includes wind power equipment, power semiconductors, new materials, electromechanical systems, and new energy buses, has been particularly synergizing. Sun’s company-era electrical power has been growing on the basis of a towed flow system.
China Chinese Car (601766): The performance is robust and closely linked, and the synergies of medium- and long-term business complementarities are expected to be scaled up.
The pace of urban-track construction has slowed slightly since 2020, mainly because of policy guidance to prevent and control the hidden debt of local governments. In a context of weak demand, the Māori ratio of corporate-track operations has been reversed, from 19% in 2020.
Renovation, medium- and long-term construction plans are clear, and future urban track construction is expected to reverse.
Strong growth is still strong, medium- and long-term synergies are gradually released, urban track construction is under short-term pressure but medium- and long-term demand 1, key assumptions, drivers: 1) 14th Five-Year Plan guides fixed-asset investment rehabilitation of railways, and start-up group bidding benefits: 2021-2022 affected by the epidemic, railway fixed-line railways
Under the 14th Five-Year Plan, fixed-asset investment in railways in 2024-2025 will be compensated for by a projected annual investment of $887.8 billion, which will boost fleet purchases simultaneously. The demand for high-level repairs has been released, and market services have been released for profit.
As a result of the increasing holdings of our mobile fleets, high demand for high-level repairs and elasticity in Chinese vehicle maintenance are about to be released. (3) Large-scale equipment upgrades guide the replacement of in-house motor vehicles by electric motor vehicles, which are above-average: our fleets are not growing at a high rate, but the structure of the holdings is shifting slowly, and policies are guiding the replacement of old and in-house combustion vehicles with electric motor vehicles, and China’s medium-car operations are being synchronized and revitalized.
4. The advantages of synergies in the new industry are not negligible: China’s China-China-China-China company-era electrical tractors have developed in synergy with the company’s tracker equipment industry, and Sun’s era’s new wind leaf is closely linked to the company’s wind equipment business, looking at synergies in the long term.
1) In the context of the recovery in investment in railway fixed assets, the investment focus is expected to shift from civil engineering to rail equipment, and to facilitate the company’s railway equipment operations: historically, civil engineering has been an important destination for investment in railway fixed assets, accounting for about 60% of the total. At present, 80% of the railway construction has been carried out, the investment focus will shift to rail equipment, and China’s medium-sized vehicles will be able to achieve a more robust growth rate.
2) The advanced elasticity of the mobile team is expected to be over-expected, with nodes released in 2024-2026 from the Crh 380 series, level V, and the Cr 400 series, level IV, with high logical certainty: we have counted the year-on-year delivery of the model mobile teams, the intensive delivery of Crh380 in 2014-2015, the intensive delivery of cr 400 in 2019, the current release of the time-five and four stages, and the post-market space to be expected.
China’s central railway equipment performance is the most central driver of the share price. In the short term, railway fixed-asset investment, which drives the recovery of motor cars and the release of high-level block maintenance, is the short-term core driver.) In the long term, the country’s first batch is close to the design life limit, and will look forward to the need to renovate/modify them in the future.
Chinese cars: China-made “National Business Cards” and the important “Map” of railing construction 1.1. From the introduction of technology to self-innovation, 20 years of breaking the fog of high-iron manufacturing, China-China’s journey of development is the journey of China-China-high-iron to self-controllable.
Five major lifts were opened, railways were introduced from Siemens, Bombardy, Alston, and Kawasaki Heavy Industries, and our high-speed railway era began. In 2008, China was listed as a plush, in 2009 as a share, in 2009 as a share, in 2010 as a passenger, and in 2010 as Chinese high iron entered the 350km/h era.
In 2017, when the car was launched, our high iron was launched into a self-controllable era. In 2020-2022, when we were affected by the epidemic, the company's railway operations were frustrated. So far, the motor tender has been restored to a high-level overhaul, and China's cars have re-danced.
Figure 1: China’s China Cars Group holds 50.83% of the shares in China’s Chinese Cars Company Limited. As of 4 September 2024, China’s Chinese Cars Group Limited held 50.83% of the shares in China’s Chinese vehicles and was the company’s first major shareholder.
In addition, Chinese cars are also listed through the China-China Electric Motors Research Institute Ltd., which holds two new companies in the electrical and contemporary age. Figure 2: China’s China-Change Equity Structure (as of 4 September 2024)
1.2. Intra-repair operations are vast, with a clear division of labour among the subsidiaries operating efficiently The company ' s operations are divided into four main sectors: railway equipment, urban rail and urban infrastructure, new industries and modern services. Railway equipment is China ' s core vehicle industry, accounting for 41 per cent of revenue in 2023.
Maintenance of railway equipment, locomotives, passenger/cars. Urban track and urban infrastructure received 17% of revenue in 2023, with major products, including subway/light track, magnetic floats, urban transport planning, urban transport engineering packages. New industry is another major pillar of corporate income, with 38% in 2023, with major products including wind power, power semiconductors, new materials, motor power.
Modern services accounted for 4% of revenue in 2023, including financial and logistics operations and trade-related operations. Figure 3: China’s China’s Chinese company, which has a clear division of labour and a high level of efficiency in its operations. China’s core subsidiaries in the field of transhipment equipment
In China, where China has a joint venture with China’s Joint Insurance Holdings and China’s Foreign Trade Finance Leasing. China’s cars also hold indirect shares. Two listed enterprises, Time Electric, are mainly engaged in orbital transport electrical equipment, power semiconductor separation devices, industrial transformers, new energy motor power systems, and the new materials of the era are engaged in auto parts, wind blades, new materials, etc.
Corporately, each subsidiary has clear business objectives, efficient operations and synergies.
China Foreign Trade Financial Leasing Company Limited 1.3. Corporate operations continue to be stable, costs are managed with a robust profit margin; operating income is stable as a whole; net profit returns to the recovery process.
Billion yuan, a 3.1% increase in the same year, is mainly due to the recovery in the performance of the main railway equipment. The net return profit fell in 2021, mainly due to the slowdown in capital investment in the railway during the epidemic, the collapse of company railway equipment operations, the return to recovery since 2022, the return to the net return profit of 4.2 billion yuan in the first half of 2024, a 21.4% increase in the same year, and the main increase in the gross.
Railway equipment and the new industry, which are the main pillars of corporate revenue collection, have recovered in recent years in terms of the Māori ratio of the main operations. Sub-operational structure, railway equipment and the new industry account for a larger share of total revenue, with 42% of railway equipment revenue in 2023.
For example, in 2020-2022, railway equipment contracted in proportion to the impact of the epidemic, and the share of income from the new industry increased steadily. The urban track operation was influenced by national policy guidelines, with revenue shrinking after the approval of the city track was slowed down in 2021. With regard to the Māori ratio of sub-operations, the Māori ratio of railway equipment reached a low of 23 per cent in 2021.
And it is expected that the decline in the Māori rate for wind and power operations will slow down the overall Māori rate for the new industry; that the Māori rate for urban track operations has steadily increased since 2019, and that the quality of operations has continued to improve. Māori rates and net interest rates have remained largely stable and cost-side controls have been good since 2021.
1.4. China’s Chinese car is a high-quality dividend asset, with a steady increase in dividends over the past seven years, and has always valued shareholder returns. The total cash share of the company rose from $4.3 billion to $5.7 billion in 2017-2023.
With the action programme guided by “Rewards”, future corporate cash dividends and dividends are expected to increase.
The rail equipment industry is located in the middle of the rail-crossing industrial chain, with vehicle-related investments accounting for about 15%.
The entire car manufacturing chain, which includes railway operations and security monitoring and maintenance. The whole car manufacturing chain is located in the middle of the railing industry, and the Chinese car has a greater advantage in the whole car manufacturing chain.
The cost of construction is 22% as compared to 39%. The largest proportion of equipment manufacture is the whole car, 15%, the signal, 6%, orbital engineering, electricity systems, and construction preparation, 2% each.
The construction of the “eights and eights” has progressed by 80%, and the rail capital investment focus is expected to shift towards rail transfer equipment. According to the Xinhua Agency, by 2023, the country's main roadway to the “eights and eights” high-speed rail network had been built, and the railway infrastructure had matured. Civil construction and engineering accounted for about 60% of the investment costs in the rail transfer industry, and in “eights and eights”
In the context of the growing maturity of the eight-way construction, it is expected that the future ratio of investment in civil engineering will gradually decrease, and that investment in railway fixed capital will shift away from the turn-over equipment plate. The continued improvement of the railway network will also require corresponding vehicle running lines, which will lead to an increase in the demand for vehicles.
Figure 12: Cost per link in the orbital transport industry chain (%) “Eight and eight” construction progress (%) “Sixty-five” planning guidelines for improved profits with the National Iron Group (NLG) and expectation of faster investment in fixed assets in railways
Under the 14th Five-Year Plan, an average of 88.7 billion yuan is expected to be completed in 2024-2025. According to the 14th Five-Year Development Plan for the Modern Integrated Transport System, the total investment in the 14th Five-Year Fixed Assets of the Railway is expected to remain stable at the same level as the 13th Five-Year Plan.
165,000 km. Over the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan, the cumulative investment in fixed assets in railways was 3.9 trillion yuan, an average of nearly 800 billion yuan a year. The completion of fixed capital investments in railways affected by the epidemic fell below expectations in 2021-2022, and capital investment is recovering.
The return of passenger traffic led to a profitable recovery by the Iron Company, which supported the railway capital expenditure plan. In 2021-2022, there was a sharp drop in passenger traffic in the country affected by the epidemic, a significant loss by the Iron Group, a return in passenger traffic since 2023, and an improvement in the company’s operations. In 2023, the Iron Group earned $1.25 trillion, compared with +10 per cent, a net gain.
The realization of the benefits and the realization of a net profit of 3.3 billion yuan was an increase of $72.9 billion in comparison to the previous deficit of $11.1 billion in 2024, the continuation of the Iron and Iron Group, which is a major player in the investment of fixed assets in railways and in the procurement of equipment for the transhipment, and the reversal of the profits of the Iron and Steel Group is a key element in the smooth running of the railway capital expenditure plan.
In terms of rail density, most countries along the “one-way” are lagging behind the country. According to world bank data, average rail density along the country is calculated by the length of the average rail in one unit of national territory.
Countries along the road have a much lower rail density than ours. As the strategy along the road accelerates economic development in the countries along the road, prompts both trade and the development of railway industrial chains, the demand for passenger transport is releasing, and the demand for overseas rail transport markets is wide.
Infrastructure development and energy transformation, and the further release of development needs. 2.2. The competitive patterns of the transhipment equipment industry are clear, and China has a significant Chinese advantage in the global rail equipment chain with fewer players and a clear competitive pattern. On a global scale, there are transhipments in place.
The number of companies with the capacity to build a full-car fleet is small, and companies with the capacity to build a full-car fleet are scarcer, and the pattern of competition in the entire equipment chain is clear. The global tradable equipment market has shown a three-pronged dynamic: China was first in the world in 2021-2023, with Alston joining the Bombardy pipeline as the second in the world, and Siemens in the second place.
China’s basic track equipment operations are solid, with more than 50% of the world’s cities. According to sciverkehr, China’s market for the global rail transport equipment industry was the first in 53% of the cities in 2020.
Pompadi (11 per cent), Alston (10 per cent) and Siemens (8 per cent). The main reasons for China’s leading global market position are: 1) China’s investment in railways is a global leader, and China’s railways depend on China’s market base; 2) the country’s railways along the way are in high demand, and our high iron overseas construction is experienced and equipped.
In China’s market, China’s competitive advantage is more pronounced. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, China’s railways produced more than 65% of all rolling stock in 2022.
In 2021, China won 85% of the Chinese bid for an Iron Group truck. China’s share of the Chinese train is higher in the domestic rail exchange, and the performance of the company’s railway equipment plate is highly correlated with the Iron Group’s bidding.
In terms of profitability, the Māori rate of China’s Māori Tänder was stable at around 23 per cent in 2018-2023, the Mäori rate of Siemens Tän Tän equipment from 11 per cent to 8 per cent, and the Mäori rate of Alston Trail vehicles from 18 per cent to 13 per cent.
The Kawasaki heavy-trading business has lost several years, and in 2021-2023, the Māori rate has barely been restored. China’s Chinese car has won a strong advantage over the industry’s followers in terms of both the size of the harvest and profit margins.
Figure 22: Comparison of the Māori ratio of track-over operations of four companies (%) Comparison of company-track equipment/traffic vehicle operating income) 2.3. View the growth space of company-driven fleets and maintenance operations in the context of the recovery in investments in track-transit equipment
The company's railway equipment operations can be broken down into five main sections of the moving car, locomotives, buses, vans, and the subsequent market. We split the company's railway equipment revenue based on the annual report's disclosure of the vehicle collection and the structure of the various vehicle-type maintenance orders disclosed in the contract announcement.
The split-up project includes only the income from the sale of vehicles and does not include the maintenance income, and the maintenance income from each vehicle is consolidated into the railway equipment repair and conversion project. The railway equipment collection for the motor vehicle fleet averaged about 25% between 2018 and 2023 (2021 and 2022 with a slower pace of bidding for the purchase of the disease-affected vehicles, compared with the motor vehicle fleet revenue).
The market is another important pillar of China’s Chinese railway equipment collection.
This rise to 34% in 2023, with 2024h1’s share of income rising further to 48%, and has increased rapidly in recent years. There are now clear requirements for overhauling all types of vehicles in operation, with future improvements in vehicle holdings and gradual progress in the maintenance cycle, and there is still much room for elasticity in the post-market operating income.
After the outbreak, the motor team tendered back, and China’s medium-sized group recovered in revenue. In 2018-2024, the motor team tender went through a backlash, with a sharp contraction in tenders for the disease-affected groups in 2021 and 2022. In 2023, the first tender planned to purchase a 165-group 350 km/h high-speed unit, up from the year 2023.
Company-driven car fleets share the bid, with a slight delay due to the delivery cycle. According to our calculations, the average price of the single car fleet has stabilized at around 15 million (low vehicle value and high head value) and the average price of the eight-column fleet is about 120 million (350 km/h model standard group cost about 170 million yuan and 160 km/h model).
The average price of the standard group is about $80 million, and the sale price is high, so the company’s revenue from moving cars depends mainly on the volume of moving car sales. The start-up group collects back to the recovery zone after construction in 2022, and against the background of the 2024 call for tenders and further acceleration, figure 26: 2018-2024h1 China’s sales revenue for moving cars (millions of yuan)
Start-up group purchases are highly related to, but more resilient to, railway fixed asset investments. On the basis of China’s medium-sized high-iron sales, the average unit value of the fleet is 120 million yuan, and we can get the value of INT’s investment in railway fixed assets for 2018-2023. A comparison of moving group purchases with the investment in railway fixed assets shows that moving group purchases and the investment in railway fixed assets
It is highly relevant, and the elasticity of start-up group purchasing investments is greater than that of railway fixed assets, which account for about 4-5% of non-epidemiological investment in railway fixed assets, compared to 1-2% during the epidemic. In the short term, the "145" plan is expected to lead to a high increase in fleet purchasing.
In 2024-2025, our annual fixed-assets investment in railways was approximately $882.9 billion, and in 2023, we invested 4 per cent of the fixed-assets investment in railways. On this basis, we forecast the active-cars investment in 2024-2025, which, under pessimistic, neutral and optimistic assumptions, accounts for 4.7 per cent/5.2 per cent/ 5.7 per cent of the fixed-assets investment in railways.
With the large-scale introduction of high-speed train-absorbing technology in 2004-2006, the country began to build and operate autonomously, officially entering an autonomous and manageable era.
We've been able to measure the delivery of the different models of 2007-2024h1 and find that the development of the mobile fleet in the country can be divided roughly into three phases: the first phase (2007-2010) is in the crh series and the annual load is in the 100-200 standard group; and the second phase (2011-2017) is in the crh380 series, in which the drill group is in the mainstream.
The year 2014 and 2015 are the peaks of the drops; in the third phase (2018-to date) the mainstream manufacturing group is the cr400 series with fully autonomous intellectual property rights, of which 2019 was the peak of the shipment.
"Monday" calculation, assuming that the length of time between the bidding and delivery is on average about six months, in line with the delivery cycle)
At the current time point, the first shipment of the crh1/2/3/5 series is close to the design life limit and is expected to be gradually released over the next three to five years, as well as renovation needs. Assuming that the start-up time of the start-up is 2027-2030, it can be assumed that the start-up period will be 2027-2030.
Refurbishment/refurbishment requirements for the 121/99/65/130 standard group. Refurbishment requirements for the moving group will be an important pillar in supporting China ' s medium- and long-term performance. 2.3.2. Railway equipment repairs and modifications: advanced revised singles for the moving group, with repair operations expected to take advantage of the momentum
The company ' s maintenance orders for the previous year largely matched the revenue from the maintenance business, with a relatively high share of moving cars. We counted the number of purchase orders for the maintenance of vehicles of all types in China ' s 2018-2024h1 vehicles from the maintenance business for the same year. The sum of the purchase orders for the year was found to be roughly the same as the annual income from the overhaul of the Department ' s railway equipment (except in 2023, where the difference between the purchase orders and the maintenance business was large, not the same)
According to the structure of the 2024h1 maintenance order, the number of high-level repairs in the moving group was highest, contributing 73 per cent of the maintenance income, while the ratio of motor vehicles, buses and trucks to cargo was approximately 27 per cent in total. The first/second procurement tender for the 2024 high-level repairs in the moving group was launched in January and August, respectively.
It involves 56 level III repairs, 269 level IV repairs and 509 level V repairs, corresponding to -19 per cent/+138 per cent/+371 per cent respectively, and a faster rate of increase in level IV/V repairs. The value of stage III/IV/V repairs as a whole was 5 per cent/10 per 20 per cent, while the concentration of high-value level V repairs required led to a rapid increase in the number of orders for medium-sized vehicle fleet maintenance in China in January-July 2024.
A total of $39.1 billion has been ordered for the maintenance of railway equipment, exceeding the total number of maintenance orders for the entire year of 2019, which is an all-time high, and it is expected that after the completion of the second round of high-level repairs, there will be a release of the new signed high-level amendments. (Note: only tender procurement and procurement through open competitive negotiations are included, not included.)
The high number of bids for advanced repairs by the mobile team was the result of a centralized delivery of the past moving team. According to the 2024 series of advanced repairs by the mobile team and the Crh 380 series, this feature of the maintenance demand structure was the result of a centralized delivery of the motor vehicle fleet.
The application of the maintenance rules clearly indicates that the start-up group has implemented preventive repairs based on a walk-km cycle, supported by a time-cycle (first-to-first-be) and that, given that most of the moving teams operate at high loads, the completion of the walk-km cycle is usually earlier than one to two years of the time-cycle, the peak of the combined delivery of the above-mentioned two-wheeled fleets corresponds to an increase in the number of tenders for the fourth and fifth stages of the current round.
In the context of the higher expectations of the 2024 bid for high-level repairs, the demand for class V repairs is expected to continue to rise in 2025. The time cycle is largely accompanied by a walk-km cycle, which is mostly high in the country, so that the senior-level repairs are about one year shorter than the prescribed cycle.
We've measured the high-level repair needs for 2024-2030. On the basis of up to 500 units in 2024, we can expect more than 800 units in 2025, mainly in the crh 380 series. It is expected that in 2029-2030, the high-level repair needs for the motors will be raised again.
The first advanced cycle of the cr 400 series should be introduced. 2.3.3. Motorcycles: holding up but increasing at limited speed, microstructures are slowly changing up the country's fleet, leading China to a steady distance from its middle-car business.
In this context, corporate locomotive operations have also been relatively stable, earning about $22 billion annually, and only in 2020, falling in the amount of money affected by the epidemic.
(Note: The revenue from the sale of locomotives represents the revenue from the maintenance of motor vehicles cut off from the camps.) According to the report, the share of electric motor vehicles in the country is increasing, while the share of domestic combustion motor vehicles is shrinking, and this trend has been increasing gradually since 2008.
The Motion Program, which specifies the 30-year age limit for the end-of-life of old railway burners, proposes to accelerate the replacement of the old burners by replacing them with electric/clean fuel engines. With the help of national policy guidelines, the country’s motorcycle retention structure is expected to be optimized, and the demand for electric engines is expected to increase faster, leading to rapid growth in the company’s locomotive operations.
According to the Chinese Central Cars 2023 report and our calculations, in 2023, the proceeds from the sale of motor vehicles amounted to 22.25 billion yuan, with 883 items sold, corresponding to a unit price of about 25 million units. The combined internal combustion vehicle was upgraded to a unit price of 2.3.4. Passenger/car: demand space is closely linked to rail delivery, and the demand for new passenger/cargo traffic is long-term good.
In the case of buses, there is a slight pressure on their revenues. In the case of buses, following a small surge in company bus sales in 2019, a significant drop in passenger traffic during the outbreak has led to a major disruption in passenger traffic and is now in the process of recovery.
(Note: The revenue from the sale of passenger cars is the revenue from the maintenance of passenger cars in the truck camp.)
The impact of the epidemic on railway passengers has been significantly reduced, with rapid rebounds in 2023, with railway passengers reaching 3,855 million in the year, a record high. Our railway passenger vehicle holdings need to be kept in line with railway passenger traffic, accompanied by an increasing number of railway passengers, which is expected to increase continuously at a rate of 1-2%, and Chinese medium passenger traffic.
The railway bus holdings structure has also changed slightly, and soft car penetration is expected to bring about replacement demand. Similar to the transformation of locomotive structures, the railway bus holdings have undergone minor adjustments.
The rail cargo volume is stable, and the demand for the truck is more certain. In 2023, our total rail cargo traffic reached the 5 billion-ton mark, while railway cargo holdings also crossed the 1 million mark during the same period. Overall, the size of our rail cargo is more certain, and the cargo vehicle holdings are better synchronized.
3. Urban track and urban infrastructure: short-term pressure on urban track investment, passenger traffic recovery + long-term regulations 3.1. Increased approval of urban track construction plans, a decline in urban track investment since 2020. The pace of urban track construction has slowed slightly since 2020.
In 2020, the construction of our urban track was at a fast-growing stage, with the annual completion of investments in urban track construction increasing from $162.8 billion to $6.286 billion, and cagr = 16%, with new operating miles growing from 258 km to 1234 km, cagr = 19% during the same period. But construction slowed down after 2020, with investment in urban track construction falling to $5.214 million in 2023, and new urban track construction.
Operating miles have fallen to 937 km. The slowdown in the construction of the urban track is mainly due to national policies tightening the planning and approval of the urban track, with the aim of preventing hidden local government debt. 3.2 Corporate urban track operations have experienced a slight decline in revenues, but vehicle unit prices and Māori rates have improved.
The company’s urban track business is highly relevant to the urban track investment. The company’s urban track business section deals mainly with urban track vehicles, urban transport planning designs, and urban transport engineering packages. The company’s urban track revenue is also on a downward trend after China’s urban track construction slowed down in 2020.
The upward trend in revenues from the lump-sum project is evidence of the company’s successful vertical extension of the urban transport industry chain. 10,000 yuan/cars increased to 7.1 million yuan/cars, and the combined Māori rate for urban track operations increased from 17 per cent to 21 per cent. 3.3 The return of urban track passenger traffic to medium- and long-term planning is clear, and urban track construction is expected to reverse.
The return of passenger traffic is expected to reduce local government debt pressure. In 2023, the epidemic brought an end to the rapid rehabilitation of our urban passenger traffic, which has returned to more than 2.5 billion passengers a month. The return of passenger traffic is expected to reduce the recovery period for urban track investment and relieve local government debt pressure.
In the medium-to-long term, large-scale urban metro plans are the backbone that underpins good urban-track investments. According to China's Urban Transport Association, in 2023 the country's urban-track transport lines amounted to 11224.54 km.
Of these, 8543.11 km of the metro line is the most important type of urban track, with the city's fast track ranked second in 1454.86 km. First-line and second-line cities are the main contributors to the city's rail construction needs, which, according to our statistics, are still far from medium- and long-term planning objectives.
Local governments ' debt burden is gradually reduced and urban track construction can rejuvenate. (2018-2035), Environmental Impact Assessment for Nanjing City's Third Plan for Urban Orbital Transport (2023-2028), Environmental Impact Assessment for Shenyang City's Fourth Plan for Urban Orbital Transport (2025-2030), Environmental Impact Report for Hangzhou Metro Line 3, Environmental Impact Report for Engineering Line 2, Orbital Transport for Suzhou City
4. New industries: Relying on the main industry is extensive, with a large number of flower openings showing synergies 4.1. Wind engine and spare parts: wind-loading machines bounce back from the bottom, with the advantage of the entire industrial chain of stroke wind and wind, with company wind and power operations receiving approximately $30 billion in size, linked to the overall temperature of the wind and wind industry. 2023
China’s wind and power industry is much more resilient and resilient than China’s wind and power industry as a whole. Looking to the city, under the guidance of a two-carbon context, China’s wind and wind power needs are real.
Wind power is a “top-up iron,” and technology co-opts the firm’s strong edge. There are many technical similarities between wind power and motor vehicles, and the technology and core components of the engine can be transferred to wind power.
In the case of high iron brakes, the dynamic energy of the wheels is converted into electricity through electric power, adjusted by transformers, pressure-pressureers and finally fed back into high-voltage grids, which is the same as the rationale for generating electricity from wind equipment; with regard to core components; with the ring box nails, which were used exclusively for railway vehicles, the Chinese car pushed the technology completely to the wind chamber and the wind chamber.
Towers, with a market share of more than 80%, provide a secure and non-maintenance-free connection. The movement and flexible use of mobile vehicle technology gives companies a strong technical advantage in wind powering equipment.
Parts and components are caught with the whole machine, and the company’s wind and power chain is mature. Spare parts performance is the key to determining the integrity of the entire product, and China’s entire industrial chain in the wind and power sector is strongly supported by the future growth of the company’s wind and power operations.
China’s Chinese cars are well-developed and competitive in their entire industrial chain in the field of wind and electricity. The competitive advantage company’s wind-loaders have accelerated, trying to drive the industry upstream.
By 2023, China was ranked 10th in the China Central Wind and Wind and Wind, and by 2023, China was ranked 8th, confirming that the company was accelerating its entry into the forefront of the industry. From spare parts to wind, the competitive advantage of the engine is the company’s key pillar of the future to speed up the race to catch up with the industry, and the future is expected to be higher.
4.2. Power semiconductor: Started with a car-trailing transformer, extending horizontally to the wider power-driven power-control stage. The power-drilling semiconductor and transformer business was operated in China’s Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese company Sun’s era. In 2008, electricity was purchased, dynex was officially introduced into the power-drilling semiconductor industry, and in the initial phase of the operation, the main action was in the field of the towed transformer system in China.
In 2021, on the nodes of wind power generating industrial transformers and new energy vehicles generating electric power systems, Chinese cars were listed independently of electricity in the era of fragmentation, and their operations expanded horizontally to a wider extent.
The electrical control stage, power semiconductor separation devices, industrial transformer products and new energy motor power systems began to be phased in, starting to evolve into a base plate of transhipment equipment (mainly electrical equipment such as towing transformers), with emerging equipment (power semiconductor separation units, industrial transformers, new energy vehicles powered) as the backbone of growth.
Figure 53: Revenue from electrical sub-operations and product matrix for the period 2018-2023 (millions of dollars)
Three-phase power exchange, which drives the motors to run. The new power car power system is based on the motor motor towed current system type, which, like the power cell output, requires a direct current transformer that can drive the umagnetic synchroniser/exchange assortometer to drive the car. The technology at the bottom of the igbt is the same, but the high voltage application is more difficult, and the electrical product of the time is from now on.
With the company’s vast technological reserves, watch the new energy vehicle penetration drive the company’s power-driven semiconductor splits and the new energy vehicle power-driven system’s operational load. The new energy car-driven market has more than 100 billion ceilings, and the electrical future of the time is promising.
The market size of the motor power system is $115.9 billion, and is expected to rise to $203.3 billion in 2025, with higher ceilings. In mid-2023, the market for the new energy car power system in China was 5%, ranked 6th, and already occupies a seat. The trend of accelerated penetration of our new energy vehicle is clear, and the electrical economy is expected to build on it.
4.3. New materials: At the forefront of material development and development, and in synergy with railing equipment and wind and wind power operations, China’s new Chinese vehicle materials business is run by new material from the time of the City’s Sun Company, and is oriented towards five main areas.
This can be divided into five main areas: orbital transport, industry and engineering, wind power generation, automobile products, new materials, 2023, new materials products that have a clear synergy with Chinese cars.
In the field of wind and electricity, the second-largest wind leaf film in the country’s cities in 2021 was produced by the research and development of new material of the time. The business of new material of the time achieved a backlash against China’s car-owners, but also extended to income generation in areas such as automobiles, industry, and so on, with significant synergies.
Figure 57: Structure of the new material products of the era 4.4. Mechanical and electrical systems operations: Major equipment packages are used for inter-orbiting, with a small number of independent and off-site companies covering the development and development of key systems for orbital transport and multi-industry equipment.
The Ministry of Industry and Industry is a member of the Enterprise Company, Tianjin Equipment Company, Nanguchi Mechanics Company, Quantico Company, Dalian Company, and Dalian Power-Training Company, six companies. The products include towed power transmission systems, network control systems, brake systems, cooling and heat exchange systems, etc., which are mainly related to company backbone railways and inter-city railways moving cars and cars, and cities.
Some of these products are supplied independently to third-party customers in the form of components. Mechanical and electrical operations are an important part of the company’s orbital traffic operations, and Chinese cars have an autonomous knowledge of all of these products.
Towed electrical transmission systems, hooks, shock relief devices, gear transmission systems.
Remote control systems, brake systems, ventilation cooling systems.
4.5. New energy passenger cars: The new energy bus business is operated by a first-tier company, which is based on a torque-drive system. The new energy bus business is run by a first-tier company, which was established in 2007 as a high-quality vehicle development and manufacturing specialist of the China-China Car Group, which combines high-quality domestic and foreign resources.
By 2023, China and China had been patented for 1,350 authorized inventions related to electric cars, sponsored and participated in the development of 30 national and related standards, and received seven awards for scientific and technological progress at the national and provincial levels.
In mid-2023, the country ranked third in the sale of new power buses. According to China’s bus information network, in mid-2023, the number of new power buses sold in mid-2023 was 3507 in mid-2023, the third in the third place, after the Woo-toon bus and Biadi.
Looking ahead, large-scale equipment upgrading policies are expected to bring about new demand for new energy buses. In July 2024, the National Commission and the Ministry of Finance issued a number of measures to strengthen support for large-scale equipment upgrading and consumer goods for old ones.
The circular clearly states that it supports the renewal of new energy buses and power cells, and that the replacement of new energy buses and power cells, eight years old and older, is subsidized by an average of $60,000 per vehicle. The policy is expected to boost the demand for new energy buses in the country, keeping in mind the scope for growth in the performance of medium-sized vehicles.
1) Railway fixed-assets investment recovery led to the start-up panel bidding: fixed-capital investment in railways affected by the epidemic slowed down in 2021-2022, railway fixed-assets investment is expected to recover better in 2024-2025 under the 14th-Year Plan, and railway fixed-assets investment is expected to rise by over 80 per cent against the backdrop of “eight-and-eight-way” construction progress
The focus is expected to shift from civil engineering to railway equipment, and corporate motor fleet revenues are expected to take advantage of it. A large-scale operation is expected each year, and a large-scale run of the cr 400 series in 2019, taking into account the country’s heavy loads, with a reasonable four-to-five repair cycle of 5-6 years-10-11 years, the current time period.
Focusing on the needs of the Crh380 series, level 5 repairs, and the Cr400 series, level 4 repairs, the company's railway equipment repairs, and the retrofitting operations are expected to yield an increase in the volume of orders. 3) Large-scale equipment upgrades of combustion engines into electric engines are expected to accelerate delivery: large-scale transport
The programme of action for the upgrading of equipment specifies the 30-year age limit for the end-of-life of old railway burners and proposes to accelerate the phase-out and replacement of the old burners with electric/clean fuel engines. With the help of national policy guidelines, the country is expected to accelerate the optimization of its motor vehicle retention structure and to accelerate the demand for electric engines.
(a) Rapid growth of company locomotive operations. (1) Railway equipment: railway equipment is the company's main business, leading to the recovery of fixed-assets investment in railways.
In the context of the renewed growth momentum in wind-loading machines and the rapid growth in demand for new energy vehicles, a large number of split operations have been added, and business revenues from the new industry are expected to maintain a strong growth momentum.
(3) Urban track and urban infrastructure: short- and long-term urban track construction, but in the direction of medium- and long-term planning, the trend remains unchanged, corporate urban track and urban infrastructure operations are reversible in the next cycle, and modern services: corporate finance provides systemic financial solutions for industrial expansion and structural optimization.
Logistics operations are moving towards industrial intelligence, expanding the diffusion of industrial intelligence logistics in the chain of medium-sized vehicles industries, and modern service operations are expected to provide better synergies with corporate ownership. We expect that, comparable to companies, corporate ownership includes railway equipment, wind power, new materials, power semiconductors, urban track and rail.
Urban infrastructure, with a wide range of hunting plates. We have chosen China Express (6880009.sh), control technology (688015.sh), and thinking controls (603508.sh), similar to the company's business and business model, as comparable companies.
We have benefited from a recovery in the acquisition of motor vehicles, a concentration of advanced repair needs, a three-fold logical build-up of electric motor vehicles to replace in-house burners, which is expected to enter the upper route; a boom in new industries, wind power, power semiconductors, new materials, electromechanical systems, etc. Multi-point flowering: longer-term certainty in urban track and urban infrastructure operations.
Competition in the wind power sector has intensified in recent years, and the wind power plant’s profit space has been held. If the wind power plant fails to meet expectations, competition in the wind power industry’s main plant will deteriorate further, and the company’s wind power business camp will become more competitive.
Urban track construction is less than expected: urban track construction is highly relevant to national policy guidelines and local government debt health, and corporate-city track business revenues may be depressed if local-government-track investment is not as expected. With the approval of the China Securities and Supervisory Board, East Wu Securities Corporation Limited has become eligible for portfolio investment advice.