Mid- and high-end alcohol is growing rapidly and profitability is increasing.
In the semi-annual report for 2019, the Cemetery of the Liangzhou State achieved 80.13 yuan in operating income for the reporting period, i.e. +24.81 per cent for the same period; net profits attributable to listed companies, i.e. 2.750 billion yuan, i.e. +39.80 per cent, equivalent to eps1.88 dollars. 19h1 revenue increases were higher than the year-round growth center goal, with high-end middle-end security targets achieved.
\triangleright Up to 12 months/lowest year 2019 is the year of victory over the three-year sprint of the company's 13th Five-Year Strategy, based on the deliberations of the company's board of directors
In its 2019 Productive Framework, the company will strive to achieve a 15-25% increase in its operating income on a year-by-year basis, with a 20% growth centre. In the first half of the year, the company’s real business performance was close to guiding the year’s growth target. Of this, $4.13 billion, or 30.47%, was achieved in high-end alcohol;
The profit end of 19H1 is beautiful, and the price increases are expected to run through the year 19H1, with companies achieving a net profit of 2.750 billion yuan, compared to +39.80%, with profits growing at a much higher rate than income. The core of the net profit performance is that of the grossly stable Māori rate.
The 19h1 Māori rate is 79.85%, a significant increase of 5.07ppt in the same year, from a significant increase in the share of medium- and high-grade alcohol and a significant increase in the Māori ratio in the medium alcohol business. One is that we judge structural upgrading + accompanied by price increases as the central reason for the increase in the Māori Māori ratio of medium-grade alcohol.
During the second half of last year, and since the beginning of this year, the 60 editions of the specials and wines series have raised the dealer's settlement price several times, while at the same time cost investment has guaranteed the rapid growth of the scaffolds, 60 editions of the specials and the old ones, leading to a continuous increase in the structure of the wines.
The tenth generation; with multiple price increases on the domestic group of products in 19q3, we conclude that price increases in the second half of the year will continue to drive the company’s Māori ratio to improve. The overall cost rate is stable, and the projected cost of sales is slashed to the middle.
The increase in the cost of expansion is more pronounced, and we judge that the cost of selling 19h1 is mainly inclined to the marketing activities of the medium- and scaffolding-age series. The double 124 engineering of the special series and the tens of thousands of branding experiences that foster consumption, with the growth of medium-sized alcohol being higher than the growth of high-end alcohol.
The economic downturn has dragged demand, the pace of performance was not as fast as expected, food security issues, etc.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Association of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking to be objective, impartial, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.