Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco
Billion dollars, 26,01 per cent more than the previous year, and 1,235 million dollars in net return to the mother, 35.98 per cent more than the same year.
The sales revenue was $4.313 billion, an increase of 30.47 per cent and an increase of 0.53 per cent in the Maori rate. High-quality white wine, a rise of $2,223 million, a rise of 35.14 per cent, benefited from a rise in the price of the special, and a 5.03 per cent increase in the Māori rate.
By the end of June, most markets in the country had achieved 60 per cent completion rates, with Anhui, Chuan gross market value/flow (millions of dollars) market placements being more consumer-oriented and sales costs slightly higher
Since the beginning of the year, the cellar has managed the marketing of the market fees, eliminated the channel promotions, and 2019 q2 in terms of cost.
A steady upturn in prices and a steady release of performance. A sales cost rate of 21.67 per cent, mainly a portion of q1 advertising costs not confirmed and the period of account incorrect - 209/05/30
It is expected that sales costs will be more flat throughout the year. An administrative rate of 4.9% over q1 increased by 1.25 percentage points compared to the administrative cost of 2019q2 is higher than the administrative cost of Q1 (000568).
Growth, the continued rise in net interest rates. The net flow of operating cash in 2019q2 was $1,145 million, and the net operating cash flow increased even more during the same period last year under the low base, indicating good corporate repayments.
The pre-receivables were sufficient, and the medium-autumn call was guaranteed 1.392 billion yuan, an increase of 107 million yuan, compared with the previous year's pre-receivables, a decrease of 293 million yuan, showing greater market confidence.
So far, the company has completed the Mid-Autumn Repository Billing layout, shifting the focus of sales from distributors and channels to consumers. On August 2, the cellar introduced its Mid-Autumn Billing Policy, reducing the quota of 30% for the months ahead, while raising the unplanned and planned price by $30 in August.
On the one hand, the policy shows that the company wants to keep the price up while spending it during the season; on the other hand, the price-raising policy also encourages the dealer to complete the mortgage and the mid-autumn task has been completed ahead of schedule.
And the price of the five grain fluids rises, and we judge that the state cellar policy mid-autumn is expected to give further impetus to the state cellar terminal, and we think that the company's year-round revenues are expected to fall to the target ceiling, and we judge that sales are expected to reach $16,077 million in 2019, an increase of 23.14 per cent, and a net profit of $4,485 million for the mother, a comparison.
Macroeconomics were hit hard by the trade war, high-end overall consumption of white wine was down, and the company appeared at 9 North End North Street in Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report