Xiangzhou old cellar (000568).
The company's main business model is the design, production and sale of specialized white wine products.
The development, production, and sale of a series of white wines, such as the old cellars, has a net profit of 2.750 billion yuan, compared to +39.80 per cent. Of this amount, 19q2 has earned 3,844 million yuan, and the cellar 1573 is identified as the top brand of white wine in China.
The same ratio +26.01% and the net profit from maternity is 1,235 million yuan, compared to 35.98%. The increase in revenue is in line with expectations, and the 100-year-old cellar wine, the old cellar special is positioned to be more profitable than expected.
Business and feasts are made of the first brands of wine, the old Qingzhou, the headlines and the second of the first brands covered by the public market.
The advantages are mainly in terms of access and control. Companies have an advantage in terms of access, with salesmen accounting for 25.6% in 18 years, the highest proportion in high-end white liquor companies, and
According to grass-roots research, companies have a higher yield on sales terminals, and dealers have a higher rate of increase than industry. Debt payments and cross-stock holdings: 18 years of full-blown “Eastwards to South” battles in the Cedars of Kyongzhou, with successful sales failures in East and South China.
The advantages of the 19h1 company channel are reflected in the fact that high-school liquor is released with the help of the channel, with revenues of 4,313 million yuan in the first half of the year, 2,224 million yuan in the lower middle and 1.384 billion yuan in the lower middle, and confidence in the control of sales prices, and the frequency with which the prices of the country's customers, 1573 and the specials, have been made since the beginning of the year.
The price scale is historically high, raising overall profitability, with the first half of the year having a higher, medium-size alcohol-rich rate, which is more visible at both the harvest and the profit end, and the company has been very active in promoting the old Qingzhou special, occupying the middle price belt market (200-400 yuan) and raising the waist, with first results.
The company uses the core product of the medium wine special to open up the middle market and strategically uses it to create the state 's old cellar brand, while the logic of the special + cellar 1573 continues to be fulfilled. At the top of the high-end wine market, the country ' s 1573 guests are still following the low-end strategy, the top half.
Yearly price increases give companies room for further price increases, which are frequent in three quarters. We believe that high-priced alcohol users continue to invest in the company for a long time, and that companies will take full advantage of channel advantages to keep up with their vibrancy, and that high-quality alcohol growth will be sustainable in the future.
Research assistant Jang Dong-shek, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the old cellar in Liangzhou: The price of the medium wine is up, and the high-quality wine will be the ultimate measure of the company's value enhancement.
The firm’s management commitment to stability and development highlights the need to safeguard its development. The company’s management team is well-established and well-constructed, with greater commitment to the development of channels, laying the foundation for the development of high-school products. According to the distributors, since 2019, the company’s reorganization of low- and middle-level dealers has been stronger, its control over channels has been further strengthened, and its cost controls have been strong, with 19H1 sales costing 19.20%.
It's smoother than 18H1 and it's smoother. The middle-sales are positive, and there's a lot of experience in end control, branding, sales and sales, and according to the strategic layout of the company, the future high-end wine cellar, 1573, is expected to make further use of it.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the price of medium liquor has risen, and that high-quality alcohol will become the ultimate measure of corporate value.
Research on materials, retail trade, social services, light-work paper, agro-forestry fisheries, textile clothing.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.