• The company released its 2019 mid-year report, and the company achieved revenue of $8.01 billion, a year-on-year increase.
24.8 per cent; net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, 2.75 billion yuan, an increase of 39.8 per cent for the same year; collection of 2019q2 for the national cellar superb; high growth in income and profits; income of 209h1 company ' s high-end wine (the national cellar series) was 4.31 billion yuan, an increase of 30.5 per cent for the same year;
According to research, after the spring break, the company dropped out of the q2 vault, and by the beginning of August it had completed 70% of the year’s work. Against the backdrop of the continued expansion of high-end alcohol, the price of the huts has been rising, the cellar has re-opened the price double-track system, and introduced the upscaling terminal “smelting reward” system.
The price of the cellars is expected to increase continuously with a number of control policies: in the first half of the year there was a rapid increase of $2.22 billion in income, a 35.1 per cent increase in the same year, of which the second high-end special 60 performed well in the line of purchase, pre-arranged the Oyang Woo Sword.
Over 30% of the increase; the old-word feature benefited from two consecutive price increases in the first half of the year and an increase in market penetration rates, which boosted income growth, while a strong foundation was laid for a significant increase in the profitability of the Māori rate.
Zhang Xing Xin’s alcohol rate is 79.9%, a 5.1 percentage point increase over the same period last year, broken down by the fact that the 60-point special is the main reason for the company’s increased profitability. The company’s cost rate for the first half of the year was slightly raised.
The main reason for this increase is the increase in the cost of the company, which is 24.7 per cent over the same period, and the increase in the tax on consumption, which is 1.9 per cent to 14.2 per cent for the 19q2 tax and the surcharge over the same period last year.
China International Center, 15th floor, Hengsheng, 1000th Street, Shanghai and Land Gate Road, and Fuhua, Shenzhen Fukuda District, the 6th tax-free trader.
Tsengdu China Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving the report and does not have a direct business relationship with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.