In the semi-annual report issued on 28 August by the Cemetery of Liang County, the company achieved operating income of $8.01 billion (+24.81 per cent) during the reporting period, resulting in a net profit of $2.750 billion (+39.80 per cent) for the mother and $1.88 million (+39.80) for the ps.
The growth in the second quarter was 26,01% higher than expected. In addition to the 1573 high growth in the state cellar, which is the main reason for the accelerated growth in the second quarter of the year.
In the first half of 1573, the price of the goods was raised several times, while the “down-south-east” movement continued, with faster growth in the first half of the year in South-East China. Channels such as the 60th edition of the special, which led to the uplifting of the old word, the whole of the special, remained growing faster. The wine in the cellars has been adjusted considerably this year, but has increased slightly since the beginning of the year.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved an overall positive trend. Overall, the company ' s high-end alcohol revenue increased by 30.5% in the first half of the year; The cost rate remained generally stable, with product structure optimization driving the Māori rate and net interest rate increases. In the first half of the year, the company achieved a Māori rate of 79.70%, an increase of 4.79 pct, mainly due to product structure optimization: gross
High interest rates of medium- and high-end alcohol (Māori rate, 91.6 per cent, 82.6 per cent) as a proportion of the same income increased branding and sales cost increased by 0.64 pct to 19.20 per cent, although management cost decreased by 1.00 pct to 4.53 per cent as a result of higher internal management effectiveness.
The rate is roughly the same, reflecting a better cost-control capability. To benefit from the optimal product structure, the price increases are on schedule, with three-quarter performance certainty increasing. In early August, several distributors issued a supply notice for the cellar, with a 30% reduction in the quota for August-September and a 30% reduction in the quota for the other side.
And we think that this policy, which seems to be a “controlled counter-price”, actually speeds up the company’s delivery: according to research, distributors have previously formed higher prices, and so a lot of goods have been imported in preparation for Mid-Autumn, the Chinese-Congregation season and the Middle-Autumn season before the price increase is announced.
In addition, the cellar is actively following up on price increases, but in the form of “slow paces” with moderate price hikes and increased willingness on the part of distributors to make advance payments. We believe that three quarters of companies are on track to achieve a full increase in volume prices, greater certainty in performance, and greater assurance of the achievement of year-round goals.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment