Runze Science and Technology (300442.sz) project delivery has progressed steadily, with the positive layout of IRCI ' s net profit growth of 21% in the third quarter of the year. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved $2.68 billion in revenues.
(+34.8% year-on-year) to achieve a net return of 1.120 billion yuan (+36.5% year-on-year); three quarters low-power engine remodelling and up-to-date cycles to influence short-term profit performance. The company is a park-level data centre business, with profits growing at a slower rate than income growth in the third quarter, mainly as a result of the initial upswing and low pace of project delivery
The company delivered two traditional data centres at the end of June, with two new ones at the end of August, including a single case with a high power of 10.5kw traditional and a liquid cold building. The initial load ratio dropped by 1.9 pct. At the same time, the company took the initiative to speed up the upgrade of the low-power machine cabinets and make a profit.
There is also some impact, with some low-capacity cabinet upgrades already completed and the lease back on board. Project delivery is progressing steadily, with a sufficient core resource reserve. Corporate project delivery is progressing steadily, planning to deliver two to three data centres in four quarters, including one building in the corridor a12, Foshan and Huezhou projects.
The company ' s 220kv transformer station is now in the commissioning phase and is expected to complete power delivery by the end of the year, with power supply expected to exceed 1,000 mw for subsequent development; the second phase of the project outside the gallery area, with a 37.7 per cent increase in reserve energy consumption compared to the end of last year, and a sufficient core resource reserve.
During the reporting period, the company completed the delivery of half of its pure liquid cold intelligence centre, with a build-up rate of more than 70 per cent over two months, while the company deployed computing modules in a number of machine rooms in the Mirang and Lake Peace areas, in addition to testing of home-grown chips and fine-tuning of hardware and software.
The company has actively promoted the aidc layout, initiated construction in the corridor b area, completed the aidc design programme, and has a high-speed network link.
The build-up was not as fast as expected, and competition in the idc sector intensified. Investment proposal: a downward adjustment to 2023 profit projections and maintenance of an “uptake” rating
Taking into account the slow pace of project delivery in Fushan and Huezhou, the combined impact of the week-long loading of the new delivery cabinets and the impact of the low-capacity re-engineering of the machines, and the downward projection of the company's profits in 2023, it is expected that the company's project delivery will progress steadily, with the active layout of the IQC and the maintenance of an “uptake” rating.
Figure 1: Rainsee technology collection and acceleration (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Rainze technology single-season collection and acceleration (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Rainze technology net profit and increase (in millions, per cent)
Figure 4: Net profit and rate of increase for lune technology single season (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate for lune technology (in %) Figure 6: Cost rate during lune technology (in %)
By the end of 2022, the company’s galleries had been officially operationalized in some 46,000 units, and about 70,000 containers in a district were about to be fully constructed.
It will be delivered officially in 2023; the construction plan for the corridor b area will also be launched in 2023, with a total of 9 numbers planned, with a total of 60,000 flight cabinets at the Centre; (2) data from the Long Triangle (over-the-plan of 50,000 aircraft cabinets), the Great Bay Territory of Hong Kong (both Huaizhou and Mount Fuo, with a total of 60,000 aircraft cabinets planned), and the Chengjian Economic Circle (planning of 30,000 aircraft cabinets)
The Centre, which is nearing completion of the first phase of construction, will also be formally delivered in 2023; (3) the Land State project plans for 14,000 hangars and the first one will be completed in May 2023, taking into account the short impact of low-capacity re-engineering due to the delay in delivery of the short-term projects in Fushan and Huezhou than previously anticipated
On the cost side, assuming a steady and steady decline in the overall cost rate, with financial costs, average interest rates on loans expected to remain stable and interest costs controlled as a result of the expansion of corporate financing channels. Investment proposal: A combination of new delivery cabinets, taking into account the slower progress in project delivery in Fushan and Huezhou,
The author assured that the data used in the report were from compliance channels; the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, and that the results of the analysis were based on the results of the analysis.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author