\triangleright performance meets expectations, and new project construction is delivered on a full scale. \triangleright achieved business in the first three quarters of 2023. \triangleright
The net cash flow was $1,825 million, an increase of 38.26 per cent. Since this year, the company’s multi-terrestrial projects have begun to deliver, with the Ping Lake data centre phase beginning, and the Fushan and Hue State data centres in Grand Bay, Chongqing, where the centre is about to complete a phase of construction, scheduled to be delivered inland in 2023.
s01052111003 Lake Ping, Fuoshan and Huixiang, Chongqing and Lanzhou, forward-looking in the five core areas, six power nodes of the National Arithmetic Hub, 56 data centres, approximately 290,000 aircraft in the master plan layout
The \triangleright decrease of 9.5 pct is expected to be due mainly to the increase in the total number of cabinets and the short-term climb rate; the increase in inputs from local delivery of sales costs; and the decrease in R & D costs by 0.4 pct over the same period.
The smart business cold center is being delivered, and the aidc is officially sailing. The company will gradually take stock of the low-power machine cabinets in the \triangleright 3-quarters: performance meets expectations and the computing market is high.
Upgraded to accelerate the promotion of high-secret and liquid cooler applications and benefit from the rapid growth depth of the Centre and the Centre - 2023/04/25 - to form integrated computing centres that integrate data centres, the Centre and the Centre.
3. Rainer Science and Technology (300442.sz) Initial Coverage Report: Campus-level Idc Leadership Enterprises, with significant benefits in the data economy - 2023/03/06
Investment proposals: The idc industry is growing rapidly in the context of the accelerated penetration of new technologies such as the ai. The company combines methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produces the report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. The report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.