Giant shares (600160.sh) Giant shares (600160) - Refrigerants Up, Price Center Up, Company
The refrigerant industry is moving upwards, prices are moving up, the company's main products are rising in volume, and performance is bright. Practice No.: s0300518807002 The year-on-year growth is still significant and the company's year-round performance is bright and clean. On the price side, supply and demand patterns are high.
Sustained optimization, increased prices of raw materials, significant upturns in prices of refrigerant products such as r134a and r22, 18 years of " megapolymization of shares of [UNTC] equalized refrigerants (excluding taxes) 22,073 yuan/ton for the year, +22.78% for the year; fluorinated polymers achieved parity
(600160) Reported rate: Refrigerant Refrigerant Stable Methane Chloride Surgery Average packaged material averaged $10,282 per ton compared to +7.1 per cent for major raw materials averaged $2410 per ton for the same period,
From 2018-08-26 vs. 37%, hydroxide without water, $10115/t, +20.77%, the company is self-produced with hydrofluoride.
(60160) Three-quarter reviews - less than ten thousand tons, higher than 8.4 per cent of the year ' s value of the company ' s main products, yielding $4.37 billion in refrigerants, higher than 32.4 per cent in the reporting period.
1.9 billion F-based feedstocks, +25.8 per cent, while other non-refrigerant products are operating with sustained improvement, with revenue and power consumption stimulus for cars expected to drive the company ' s downstream demand for refrigerants (600160) - Acquisition Consortium Research Institute
Indoor air conditioners, refrigerators/ cabinets, and vehicle air conditioners are the main downstream areas of company refrigerant products.
In a recent visit, the head of IDRC said that measures would be put in place this year to promote the consumption of hot-spot products such as cars, domestic electricity, etc. Automobiles, refrigerators, air conditioners, as the company’s main downstream refrigerant product, are expected to yield demand.
We have stressed on several occasions that the refrigerant industry, after several years of production, has achieved a remarkable improvement in the current supply and demand pattern, with a high concentration of industry, a continued upward movement of product prices, a fully adjusted and new platform ' s fluorinated industrial block, is worth re-entry into investors ' eyes. Non-refrigerant business performance continues to be released, and the fluorine industry is expected to continue to move upwards.
The sophisticated materials project is coming to fruition, and the electronics company, a joint venture with the major funds, is expected to generate sustained investment returns, and the assets of the research institute of the conglomerates are further improving their research and development capabilities, and the company’s life cycle attributes are gradually weakening.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.