Giant shares (600160.sh) Giant shares (600160) - participation in the Integrated Circuit Investment Corporation, continuing to expand the industry chain.
The company ' s participation in the integrated circuit industry development company of Zhejiang, Inc., which invests in the integrated circuit industry and related areas, holds a 6.67 per cent share in the company.
The company, as the leader of the domestic HFC industry, continues to expand its industrial chain beyond the deep-dry refrigerant market, and continues to do so in the area of high-value-added import substitution, such as new fluorinated materials, electronic materials, etc. In late 17, the company co-financed the establishment of China-Multi-chip technology (39% of the company’s holdings) by five investors, including the National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund.
E-materials are key to the industry. The market space is large, but the rate of national production (600160) is three-quarterly.
Low is an important short-term constraint on the national production process in our industry. Companies have been plowing e-chemicals for many years, with a high level of adrenaline and low performance expectations, corporate resistance cycles, a very strong technological reserve for wet chemicals, a medium core in a joint venture with a major fund, and positioning them as domestic e-material platforms.
The company then acquired the assets of the company's scientific research institute in November last year, and the Zhejiang Giant Technology Centre Ltd. and Zhejiang Giant New Materials Research Institute Ltd. further strengthened the stock of the "United Chemical Industries" mega-stocks.
The company’s powerful moats in the field of high-value-added fluorinated industries’ fine chemical products. The financing of this venture, the integrated circuit investment (600160) – the firm of the research institute of the acquisition group – reflects the strategic layout of the company’s continued extension of the industrial chain.
Assets, which are expected to be further strengthened in the area of high-end fluorinated chemical precision products. The market for integrated circuits continues to grow in size and import substitution space is huge.
208-11-19 Integrated circuit industry is at the heart of the information technology industry and a strategy to support economic and social development and safeguard national security
However, the Chinese (600160)-refrigerant industry’s integrated circuit industry continues to differ significantly from the world’s advanced levels in terms of technology and high-end product applications.
Upwards, the price hub, the corporate sector, is now heavily dependent on imports of integrated circuit products, which are classified as the largest imports with crude oil.
As well as achieving synergies with the development of the main industry, IRIS is expected to take advantage of the opportunities of the IEC industry to explore new business opportunities and foster new growth points, and by participating in equity, we have repeatedly stressed that the refrigerant industry has been producing capacity for several years and that the current supply and demand patterns have been significantly optimized.
With high concentration, the product price hub is expected to continue to move upwards, undergoing full adjustment and embarking on the new platform’s fluorinated industrial plate, which is well-known and worthy of re-entry into investors’ horizons. Non-refrigerant business performance continues to be released, HFC precision materials projects continue to be produced, and large funds’ joint venture electronics companies are expected to generate sustained investment returns and yield concessions.
The Institute's assets have further improved its research and development capabilities, and the ICI has been able to foster new growth points, corporate week, research team sales, sound of Zhou.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.