Reverser taps are strong, storage operations are growing faster - Sunshine Power 2020 performance forecast points, light-voltage converters are rising, taps are strong
\triangleright domestic light-voltage aircraft of about 48.2gw in 2020, which is expected to be more than 120gw globally. Benefiting from the second half of the year, the aircraft will continue to warm, the end demand will be strong, the company's products will be in short supply, and it is expected to be more than 30gw in 2020, the same as
On the other hand, benefiting from improved overseas channels, the United States has a strong market share, with more European and South Asian markets growing in number, a continuous increase in the chaining ratio, continued optimization of the structure of the goods, leading to higher profits, and an average Māori rate of nearly 35% expected for the inverse. With the opening of Sunshine Industries Park II and the expansion of Indian factories, it is expected that by the end of this year,
With the advent of a mandatory package of policies and the introduction of local subsidies in some provinces and municipalities, the economic traps are becoming more and more clear, and the new loaders are increasing.
Highly similar, the company has a clear product and channel advantage, and is expected to replicate the pattern of photovoltaic inverters in the future. We expect the company to generate more than 1 billion reversibles in 2020, an increase of 85% compared to the previous year, and a subsidiary with equity incentives, with a robust pepc business.
On 30 December, the company issued a public announcement stating that the Pec subsidiary intended to implement equity incentives by means of a build-up of equity, which targeted some directors, executives and core technical (operational) personnel, and that the equity incentive was to be funded at $570 million, or 23 per cent of the total equity, of which the total core manager was to be funded at $1,779 million, or 7.25 per cent of the total equity.
Waves and technology valued an average of 63 times in 2021, maintaining a “recommended” rating, taking into account the company’s industry elite.
The overseas epidemic is expected to last longer than expected, the photovoltaic industry is growing less than expected, and industry competition is expected. Corporate financial statement data forecasts aggregate vouchers, Dong-woo securities, and Chinese securities, joined in August 2020.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.