On the evening of 2 February, the company issued a 2021 release to no more than 35 targeted shares.
The number of shares released does not exceed 30% of the total stock of companies listed prior to the release. In the evening of 25 January, the company issued a performance forecast for 2020.
Based on the company ' s production capacity and performance throughout the year, we expect the company to deliver about 15gw in 2020, a photovoltaic reverse transformer, Cao In-hyun o4, beyond market expectations.
The ratio of counter-changers abroad is more than 60%, and the Māori rate is expected to remain around 35%. The public 100gw new energy generation equipment manufacturing base project, which adds 70gw photovoltaic reverse equipment, 15gw wind currents, 15gw storage power transformer capacity, and the project achieves post-partum investment
Over 100%, overstretched, far from being able to meet market demand, expansion is being forced to increase scale effects and further increase global market share. Overseas markets have continued to deepen for many years, and the distribution of channels continues to deepen.
As the low-carbon economy is becoming a global consensus, new energy sources are opening up new opportunities for dynamic growth. Corporate deployment of overseas markets has been under way for more than a decade, with significant advantages in downstream certification, brand value, and customer channels.
In the first three quarters of the year, over 70% of the profits from overseas operations were donated, and the ratio of the commercial counter-carriage was 5 to 10 percentage points higher than the national average. The company raised about 498 million yuan plus the global marketing service system, proposed by the company.
The establishment of the Global Impact Service Centre headquarters in Shanghai and the construction of new marketing sites in Germany and the Netherlands, as well as the upgrading of existing regional marketing networks in Europe, the Americas, Asia and the Pacific, Southern Africa, the Middle East, and the country’s six largest regions.
Enhancing marketing and customer service capabilities and branding influence will ultimately lay the foundation for companies to increase their market presence and sustainable development. Corporate core competitiveness is prominent, and the expansion of R & D centres will enhance competitive advantages.
The company’s strong position at the technical level with regard to electronic power conversion equipment stems mainly from the company’s long-standing interest in R & D, with a high level of investment in R & D over the years, and one third of its employees being R & D personnel. About $650 million of the company’s targeted additional funding will be used for the expansion of the dry company’s R & D innovation centers.
In order to continue to open up markets, companies need to have a strong technological innovation and transformation capacity to design, deliver high-end products that meet the real needs in the field of electricity generation from new and international sources, thereby further enhancing our ability to take into account the company ' s over-expected delivery of reversibles in 2020, as well as the planned expansion of production.
The world’s light-voltage machines are not as predictable as expected, the international trade situation is changing, industry competition is increasing, etc. The author is independent and objective, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to engage in a diligent and professional approach.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.