Sunshine Power (300274) 20 years of performance forecast.
The research assistant Wong Xiaowo, who accelerated the outbreak to sea + the domestic loading of machines, has seen a significant increase in the city’s share: the company’s year-round reversals are expected to be about 35gw, 17.1gw in 19 with a 100% increase + and the city’s share has increased significantly by 10 to 24% over the same period.
The major reasons for the significant increase in the number of companies moving out of the market over the past 20 years are: (1) the epidemic has accelerated domestic reverse agents, and the industry has gone out to the sea: this year ' s epidemic has had a very high degree of resilience, with an annual export of 73.8gw components, an increase of 11.4 per cent, and an increase of approximately 95gw is projected for the year, an increase over 20 years, but the epidemic has had some impact on overseas manufacturing enterprises, accelerating the country ' s growth.
Reverse transformer leads to the sea; (2) firm ' s product competitiveness adds up to the layout of channels: company products are competitive and have continued to be distributed for many years, and corporate overseas sales have continued to grow at a high rate since 16 years, growing from 1.2gw in 16 years to 23gw+ in 20 years; (3) domestic loading is exceeding expectations: 20 years of domestic loading, with 48.2gw added throughout the year.
About 60% long, with companies benefiting fully from it as domestic inverters.  Overseas inverters are over-expected growth, driving a rapid increase in profitability: by way of structure, overseas accounted for about two thirds over 20 years, and outgoings 23-24gw, which increased by about 160% over the same period; o4 countries accounted for about 64%, and about 10-11gw, which increased by about 80%.
The main reason for this increase is that companies have deployed global channels early on, while Europe, America, and other markets such as the United States, South-East Asia, Europe, and Australia have seen significant growth this year. The benefits of overseas exports have been balanced, both domestically and internationally, and global invertors have been crowned: epidemic-accident patterns have been concentrated, companies have been developing in a balanced manner, both domestically and abroad, and vice versa.
(a) Globally, the company has produced 35gw in 20 years, measured by the global loading of 143gw, with 24 per cent of the company ' s stock, up by 10+pct, ranking as global top1; (b) overseas, with 23-24gw overseas for 20 years, and in the long run, as a result of the intense drop in forced storage policies and the closeness of the economic trap of storage, as well as the global photovolt penetration rate after price parity.
The importance of storage to smooth power generation is underscored by the fact that the storage sector is expected to continue to grow at a high rate over the next three years. The company’s solar energy system, which has been in the top of the country for four years in a row, will benefit fully from future eruption growth in the storage industry.
The deployment capacity will exceed 5gw, the global capacity of the storage capacity will be more than 5 times higher than that of 2.7gw in 19 in 25 years, and the capacity of the Chinese battery storage system will be 6.5gw in 2025.
The build-up has expanded and has accumulated more than 12gw, with companies accounting for the second largest share of global markets in 19 years, with a long-term guarantee of 1, Sunshine Power (300274) rating: equity incentives, reverse + storage energy
▪ Flying development of the transformer: the company transformer covers 1,500 to 10,000kw power levels, including full power wind transformers, long-range boosters 2020-12-31 and double-dip wind transformers, with full coverage of the country ' s mainstream wind turbines, and a new 3mw to 10mw multi-electric sub-flux has been developed
2 Sunshine Power (300274) Three Seasons, equipped for a number of mainstream plants in the country. This year, wind-loading machines are exceedingly expected, the mainframes are being procured to release the transformers, and the D.D. is ahead of technology due to years of accumulation, and 20 years of wind-volculator operations are on a leap forward, and are expected to be out by 2020.
Reported reviews: O3 performance was expected to be large, with total reversals, currents, storage capacity, etc. 20o3 being the peak for wind and electrical transformers, with a drop in the 20o4 ring ratio.
The energy conversion global leader 2020 - The epidemic accelerated the sea + the domestic loading of aircraft, with a significant increase in the share of the city: the company’s year-round forecast for reverse transformer operations was about 35gw, 17.1gw in 19, a 100 per cent increase + and the city’s share increased significantly by 10 to 24 per cent.
Of these, q4 came out with 16.5gw, or nearly 100%. The major reason for the significant increase in the share of companies outing the market over the past 20 years was: (1) the epidemic speeded up domestic reversors to the sea: this year, with the impact of the epidemic, the capacity of overseas operators was extremely resilient, and the number of component exits throughout the year was 73.8gw, an increase of 11.4%, which is expected to be about 95gw, up from 20 years ago.
Overseas manufacturing firms have had a certain impact, accelerating domestic reversibility; (2) firm product competitiveness and canals; dots: company products are competitive and have been deployed overseas for many years, companies have been selling overseas since 16 years. Domestic loadings are exceeding expectations, 48.2gw have been added throughout the year, increasing by about 60 per cent compared to the same year, and companies act as domestic reversors.
Overseas reversors are over-expected, driving profitability up: by structure, overseas accounts for about two-thirds of the year, around 80% of the year, and overseas exports are significantly above market expectations. The main reason for this increase is that companies have pre-positioned their global channels, while Europe and the United States market broke out this year, with companies in markets like the United States, South-East Asia, Europe, and Australia.
Accommodative growth. Accompanied by a high increase in overseas output, a higher rate of structural optimization, which measured about 34% of the total Māori over 20 years. Balanced development at home and abroad, global reversor coronation: a concentrated pattern of accelerated inverters, corporate internal and external balance, development, revariator coronation: 1) Globally, the company has delivered 35gw in 20 years, measured at the global loading machine 143gw
The company’s share of the market is 24%, with an increase of 10+pt compared to the same year, ranking as the global top1; 2) overseas, the importance of the company’s 20-year sea photovoltaic penetration rate, and its ability to smooth power generation, is highlighted, and the storage industry is expected to grow at a high rate over the next three years. The company’s solar storage system, which has been installed for four consecutive years, will be the country’s number one and will benefit fully from the future eruption of the storage industry.
Growth. According to the research agency Hismarkit, the global storage energy market will overcome the adverse effects of the epidemic, more than five times as high as 2.7gw per year; China ' s battery storage system will deploy 6.5gw in 2025.
Second, a steady growth rate of 20 to 40% per year will be maintained over the long term. The transformer is a flying leaper. The company transformer covers 1,500 to 10,000kw power levels, including full-power wind and double-dip wind transformers, full coverage of the country’s mainstream wind engine, and has developed more than 3mw to 10mw.
A three-digit flat transformer, equipped with a number of mainstream plants in the country. This year the wind loader was exceedingly anticipated, the host company let the transformer go, the company took the lead in technology because of years of sedimentation, 20 years of wind transformer operations were able to leapfrog, the wind transformer was delivered about a quarter ahead of schedule, 20q3 was the peak for wind transformers, and the 20q4 ring was down.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board