Research assistant Wong : On the evening of 2 February, the company issued a plan for an increase in the amount of 437 million shares to no more than 35 specific clients, raising a total of no more than $4,156 million, and raising funds for the year.
The company plans to build a new 100-gw annual energy generation kit within three years, with the addition of 70gw light-voltage inverters, 15gw wind currents, 15gw storage, and flow-changer capacity. The purpose of this expansion is to: 1) address the problem of capacity bottlenecks: 20 years of light-voltage reversal in the company.
35gw, wind-reverse transformer 10gw+, existing capacity bottlenecks are evident, with a projected 50gw+ for 21 years of photovoltaic reverse transformer, and a high growth in output guaranteed by an extended output.) Strengthened leader: 20 years of company 35gw, this expansion has enhanced the scale effect, while increasing market share and strengthening corporate industry leadership.
▪ Strengthened R & D capacity and accelerated penetration of overseas distribution channels. This is an addition to the new R & D innovation centre and the Global Marketing Services Building project, which means: 1) Strengthening core competitiveness: Reverser products need to be continuously adapted to downstream needs Reverse product strategies, products need to be updated and replaced in a timely manner, new R & D centres introduce advanced R & D equipment, and absorb
Bringing up high-end research and development talent in the industry to provide strong security for the company’s new product development and technological upgrading, and keeping technology at its core. 2) Accelerating the expansion of overseas channels: 65% of the global inverter market + more than twice the country’s profitability.
More than 120 countries and territories, including Germany, Italy, Australia, the United States, Japan, and India, have been overseas for about 23-24gw, or two thirds of the total, for 20 years. The construction of this global marketing centre has helped to speed up the development of channels, accelerating global penetration, and enhancing the ability of companies to deliver overseas.
In the short term, there has been a general increase in the number of stockhouses in the industry over the past 21 years, with an aggregate of even double the number of hand orders. In the long run, with the intensive landing of forced storage policies and the close proximity of economically viable storage points, as well as the increase in global photovoltaic penetration after price parity, the importance of storage to smooth power generation has been highlighted, and storage is expected to work.
The industry will continue to grow at a high rate in the next three years. The company’s Sunshine System has been installed for the first time in a four-year period, and this sub-enhancement of storage reversors is a sign of firm corporate commitment to the prospects for storage and development, and, as an intra-industry champion of storage, will benefit fully from future eruption growth in the storage industry.
Performance forecast rating: performance is in line with expectations, with a significant increase in the city ' s share of the population, in Long Island 2, Sunshine Power (300274)
Q: Equity incentives, retrograde + storage capacity 3, Sunshine Power (300274) Quarterly: q3 Performance Supermarket Premium
In the evening of 2 February, the company issued a plan for an increase in the number of shares distributed to no more than 35 persons.
The company plans to build a new 100-gw annual energy generation facility within three years, with 70-gw light-voltage inverted equipment, 15gw wind currents, 15gw storage energy.
The company ' s current expansion is intended to: 1) address the production bottlenecks: the company delivered 35gw in 20 years of photovoltaic converters, 10gw+ in wind converters, the existing capacity bottlenecks are evident, and the 21-year photovoltaic reverse transformers are expected to deliver 50gw+, which secures a high growth in output. 2) Strengthened flagship status: the company delivered 35gw in 20 years, at the global loading rate of 143gw
The market share of companies is measured at 24 per cent, with an increase of 10+pt compared to the same year, ranking as the global top1, with the scaling-up effect of this expansion, while increasing market share and strengthening corporate industry leadership.
Strengthened R & D capacity and accelerated penetration of overseas distribution channels. This is an addition to the new R & D innovation centre and the global marketing service system project, which means: 1) strengthening core competitiveness: Reverser products need to be continuously adapted to downstream demand.
End-of-life R & D talent, which provides strong security for the company ' s new product development and technological upgrading, and maintains its technology core. 2) Accelerating the expansion of overseas channels: 65% of the global reverse market + overseas, with more than twice as much profitability as within the country, and the importance of strengthening overseas channels.
More than 120 countries and territories, including Asia, the United States, Japan, India, and around 23-24gw, or two thirds of the total, have been overseas for 20 years. The construction of this global marketing centre has helped to accelerate the development of channels, global penetration, and the intensification of corporate overseas shipments.
In the short term, there has been a general increase in the number of stockhouses in the industry over the past 21 years, with an aggregate of even double the number of hand orders. In the long run, with the intensive landing of forced storage policies and the closeness of the economic turning point for storage capacity, as well as an increase in global photovoltaic penetration after price parity, the importance of storage to smooth power generation has been highlighted, and the storage industry is expected to be able to do so over the next three years.
It will continue to grow at a high rate. For the fourth year in a row, the company’s solar energy storage system has been installed as the country’s first ever, and this targeted expansion of the storage capacity Reverser is a sign of firm corporate commitment to the prospects for storage and development, and will benefit fully from future eruption growth in the storage energy sector as an in-house energy leader.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board