♪ Aireyehospital asia china ♪
I'm sorry, guys, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, guys, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
♪ Growthacclelerationledbyconsolation, marginexpansionunderway researchanalyst aierreportedreveue/coreprofitofrmb1.4min2q17, representingoy
Growthof 39 / 41 % recoverively, vs.31 / 25 %forrevenue/corefitgroveth recordedin1q17.Excluding the CONTRIBUTIONFROM9newhospitalsandaw weatribustrustrustrustrapidamp-upoftheprofibilityofnew
This is the first time I've ever seen you before, but I've never seen you before.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
46 per cent/38 per cent (29 per cent) in2q17, comparedwith 36 per cent, 26 per cent, and 32 per cent (1q17), individually.
It's not like it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
2q17, comparedwith 47.7% and 19.5% in2q16.weatributethegmincrease toimprovedservicemixascustomers witchtohigh-aspexcimertieries. the 220bpsopmimprovementwasdrivenbysmoothamp-upofofhospitalsand
15% net marginin2q17vs.7%in1q17. ourptisbasedon25xev/ebitdaof2018eebitda.webelleve25xisjustified
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm going to do it, because I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Bloomberg: 3,00015ch companyprofile aiereyehospitalgroupco., ltd.isachina-based
The company'sservices includeopthalmocacediagnosis, opthalmocacerealization, pharmacetalstributionandmedicaloptory.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Jackhu, phd source: copanydata, deutschesecritiesestemates importantdiscustures
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got the information, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's going to do this, but I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it.
It's not like you're the only one who's ever been in a state of emergency.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
04/11/2017 buy, targetpricechhangecny43, 00jackhu, p.d buy, targetpricechangecny28,70lincyiu**
Quintyratingdispersionandbankingrelationshipships equityrateringkey buy: basedonnacurrent12-monthviewoftoralshare-holder
Return (tr=percentagechangeinshareprircorent pricetoprojecedtargetpriceplus pro-jeceddividendyeld), shell: basedonacurrent12-monthviewoftalshare-hold
I'm sorry, werecommendtainvestorssellstock.hold:wetakeanutralviewstock12-montthsoutand, badthistemehrizon, donottrecommendeotherabuy
Newlymissedresearchrecomprehensionsandtargetpricises supersededively publicizedresearch.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about.
"Deutschebank") ...though theinformationhereisbelievedtobereliableandsbeenobtainedbrompublicsours believedtobereliable, deutschebankmakesnorepreformatsacuracyorcompletences.hyperlinkstothird-partywebsitesinthisreportoredforderconvenionly.deutschebankneotherothersethershecontentnor
Ifyouusetheservicesofdeutschenconnectionwith apurchaseorsaleofcustytisdiscussedinthis report, orisincludedortiscuscussedinothercommunition(oralorritten)fromadeutschebankanalyst, deutschebankmay
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it, but we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
The frequenyofchangesinmarketconditionsansandinbothgeneraland companypanyspecificconomic prospecetsmakeit difficulttoupdateresearchtechdefinedintervals.updatesalesedhesolediscriptionofthecoverageanalyconcernedorof thereseanchdepartmentmentmentmentandassuchthemajorityofreportsarepublishedairguardintervals.thisreport
I don't know, it's providedforformationforpurposonlyanddoesnottookintoacaccounttheparticularinvesmentofmentobjectives, financial situations, orneedsofindividualcolients.itisnotanofforacitationofanoffertobuyorsellanyfinancialinstruments orparticipateinanyparticulartringstratey.targetpricesareinotherlyimpresociendaprodactoftheanalyst’s
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know if you're the one who's been there.
Instrumentationistinacurrencementor'Scurrence, acheenexchangamentsmayadversely affecttheinvestment.pastpermanceisnotcerissariindidicativeboutureresources.unlessotherwiseindicated, préces
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm talking about, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'd like to thank you for your help, macroeconomic development softenasormostophostosociated with exposurestoinstrumentsthatpromise topayfixedorvariableinterestrates.foraninvestor whohoislongfixedratestratures (thatreceiving thesecashlows), incorporatedinterestratesnaturallyft thediscountfundfundorsapplied to theextecuted cashflowsandtuscausealos.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(including changesinstalenttypesovenvestors), changesintaxpolicies, currenceconvertivity (whochmayconstraincurencyconversion, repatriationofprofetsand/ortheliquidationofpositions)
Tomacroeconomicshocksmaybemitigationby indexing thecontracted cashflowation, to specied interestrates–thesearecommoniumglingmarkets.itismportanttonotehattheindexingsmayy by consultation - lagormis-measuretheactualmoveintheunderingvariablestheyareintendtedttrack.thechoiceofthe
I.e., couponsindexed to atypicallyshort-dated interestraterferenceindex)reexchedforfixedcoupons.itissoimportanttoacknolleddge thatfindinacurrencertiffersfromthecurrenceinwhochcouponsarenamedalisfrisk.naturally,
It's not like I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it.
Including theirtaxposition, theirregulatoryenvironmentandthetureofthetropotherassetsandliabilities, andassuch, investors shouldtakeexperteglegalandfinciandracidvicevesforesteringintoanytransactionssimilartoorororinpiledby the contentsofthispublication.thesislosinfuturestradatingoptions,forignordommestic,canbesubstantial.asa
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it.
Nomerousmarketfactors, includingworldandnationalconomic, politicalandregulatoryevents, eventsquityand debtmarketsandchangesininterestrates; and (ii)currencesmaybesubjecttovalactionorizationimposed exchangeconstrolswhochcoulldaffect the Valueoftheturrence.investsinsecuriuschasads, WHOvaluesareresa
Affectioned by thecurrenceofanunderingsecurity, emergencyassemmecurrencerisk. unlessoverlaw providesotherwise, alltransactions shouldbeexecuted through thedeutschebankencyintheinvestor's'somejurisdiction.
I don't know, gm.db.com/equitiesunder the "discussionslookup" and "legal" tabs. investorsareslonglyensourcedviewviewthis information information. deutschebankag, itsbranchesandafiliatedcompanies)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Whorecapableofevaluatingvendently, bothingenalandwithregardtoparticularizations and investmentstrategies, andwhounderstandthatdeutschebankhasfinaninterestsintheofferofionofofictsproducts healthcaree
irenehospitals.ifthisnotthecase, orifyouareanioraorotherretailinvestorrethisdirectlybromus, weask thatyouinformusimusimmediately.
I don't know if I'm the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's in the middle of it, but you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's the one who's in the middle of it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Asstockbroker.researchchanalysedirection numberisishin0001741.deiplamayhavevevedmedministrativewarnings Fromthesebiforbreachesofindianregulations.japan:approvedand/anistedbydeutschecritiesinc.(dsi).registrynumer-registerasafincial.
Instrumentsdealerbytheheadoftekanantolofintainmentbureau (kinsho)no.117.memberofassociations: jsda, type iifinncialinstrumentsFIrsassociationthefinanfuturesassassociationofjapan.commissionsandrissksinvolved instocktransactions-forstocktransactions, wechargescommmissionsandconsumptionsbymultiprintingthe
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Productsandservations.productsandservicescarrythesoriskostrosestoprincipal and otherlossasaresultofchangesinmarketketand/oreconomictrends, and/orflacturingsinmarketvalue.before decidingonthepurchaseoffinancianproductsand/orservices, customssould carefulreadshelevantdisclostures,
"Molody's", "standard&poor's", and "fitch"mentiedimenthisportarenot registeredtratingagencesinjapanlesjapanor" nippon"iscipicaldesignativedinthenameoftheity.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.

Singapore: bydeutschebankag, singaporebrandeurdeutsegritiesasacialimited, singaporebranch (oneruffles quay#18-00southtowersingapore048583, +65642380001) whichmaybecondicatedrespectofanymattersarirising from, orinconneactionwith, thisreport.whoheethisportissuissoorpro Mulgaedinsingaporeapersonwhoisnostan
Accrectediteinvestor, expertinentvestorinstitutioninvestor (asdefinedtheaplicablesingaprelawsandregulations), legalresponsiabilitytosuchpersonsforitscontents.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Helthcare aiereyhospital construstruedasarecommendationstotrainsuchsecurities/instruments.deutschecuritiesasasialimited, tiipeibranch
qatar: deutschebankagin theqatarfininancióncentre (registeredno.00032)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
kingdomofsaudiarabia: deutschececurisaudialarbialcompany, (registeredno.07073-37)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, dubaifinaservicesauthority.australia: retailclientsssoouldobtaipyofaproductdiscoverstatestatement(pds)reatingtoanyfincialprodactreferredtointhishisreportandconsidertheepdsbeforemakinganydecisionabouthetheothertoacquiretheprodact.ples
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what to do.
Headopacrearch headofamericasresearchresearch
♪ Globallheadofeconomics globalheadofequiresearch anthonyklarman ♪
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ Globallheadof headofema headofapac ♪
♪ Globalheadof debtresearch equityresearch ♪
I've got a lot of work to do. I've got a lot of work to do.
I'm not sure if it's true, but it's not true.
I'm sorry, and qisresearch internationalations deutschebankag
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Deutschebankplace filehongkong 2-11-1 nagatacho
60329 frankfurtammamain internationalcommercecentre, sannoparktower
1austinroadwest, kowloon, germany
Longkong japan australia
1 Greatwinchesterstreet londonec2n2eq
♪ uninventingdom ♪