Company evaluation report  Insurance industry new business values are under pressure and non-car insurance premiums are higher
Wuping was affected by a high tax return base for the same period in 2019, with net profits falling in 2020, with companies earning $42,22,182 million, an increase of 9.5 per cent, compared with 24,584 million net returns.
Business fees and commissions are taxed for policy benefits that lead to a high performance base. Millions of yuan is an increase of 16% from the end of the previous year. The value-in-value increase is mainly due to the expected return of the underlying value, the impact of the new business value and the contribution of the difference in return for investment.
The negative growth of the new policy premium and the decline in the value of the new business, the company’s nbv performance, the impact of the new crown epidemic, the company’s traditional proxies, growth of staff and basic management patterns, the negative growth of the new insurance business and the pressure of the new business value growth.
The SLIP realized income from insurance operations of $211,952 million, a decrease of 0.3 per cent in the same year; an insurance agent, a new policy premium of $29.35 billion, a decrease of 26.7 per cent, a decrease of 13.7 per cent, a decrease of 4.93 percentage points; and a new business value of 38.9 per cent, a decrease in the ratio of new personal operations.
The company ' s product structure continues to be optimized, and the value of new businesses that contribute to the risk is maintained at a high level. In 2020, the company ' s traditional insurance operations earned $95,864 million, an increase of 14.5 per cent, representing 45.23 per cent of the total cost of the insurance, an increase of 5.85 percentage points; among them, long-term health insurance
The premium income was 46,106 million yuan, an increase of 5 per cent over the same period, representing an increase of 21.75 per cent, or 1.1 percentage points over the same period, in the value of the company's new business operations for its individual clients.
There are a number of measures to promote the upgrading of marketing chastity and a steady increase in the value of new businesses. The cost of the insurance coverage is still profitable, the cost of the non-car insurance insurance premiums is rising faster, the combined cost rate is rising, and the insured is earning more.
Insurance coverage achieved operational income of $147,734 million, an increase of 11.1 per cent, of which motor vehicle insurance and non-motorized vehicle insurance achieved operational income of $95,670 million and $52,064 million, respectively, an increase of 2.6 per cent and 30.9 per cent, respectively, compared with the increase in the combined cost of non-car insurance, which affected companies.
The combined cost rate is higher. In 2020, the combined cost of corporate production insurance was 99%, an increase of 0.7 percentage points in the same year. Of this, the combined cost of vehicle insurance was 97.9%, the same rate was equal; the combined cost of non-car insurance was 101.9%, an increase of 2 percentage points in the same year.
The company’s share of non-car risk income increased by 5.34 tactical asset allocation, actively allocating long-term public and local government debt and prolonging the asset length, against the backdrop of expected future market interest rates. At the same time, strengthening the credit climate
By the end of 2020, corporate bond investments were managed as a whole. External ratings aa/a-1 and above were 99.8% and aaa a 93.1% for non-public market financing instruments.
External credit rating aa+ and above amounts to 99.9% and aaaa to 94.9%. Investment suggests that the company's life insurance business should make every effort to build a new engine, deepen the “product+service” model, focus on the qualitative upgrading of the agent corps, and contribute to steady value growth.
We're looking at the future of the company, and we're personally committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and it clearly and accurately reflects our research views. Any part of my pay is over.
It has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.