During the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved $24,246 million in revenue, an increase of 21.95 per cent over the previous quarter, and a net return to the mother ' s share of the marine oil suit (60108.sh)
Two hundred and sixty-three million yuan, representing an increase of 42.04 per cent in the same year; 1,991 million yuan in net profit from withholding and later return to the mother, resulting in a gradual recovery in the demand for uniforms and a combination of production operations. q3 q3 in 2022, while the company was still affected by recurrent epidemics and higher prices of raw materials, its performance improved steadily.
Quarterly steady progress has been made in the operation of the company's four main plate drilling wells, oil field technical services, ships and property exploration services. (1) Drilling services: 2022q1-q3, self-introduction, semi-submarine drilling platform operations, respectively.
Impacts. (2) Field technical services: technological equipment such as “single” and “sealight” developed by the company continues to contribute to the company's performance, with increased operations on all lines of operations in the 2022q3 oil field technical services. (3) Shipboard plate: the fleet of 2022q1-q3 operated for a total of 39963 days, an increase of the same year
8.1 per cent of calendar day usage is 90.8 per cent, resulting in a similar level of usage due to an increase in the number of equipment. (4) Survey plates: the excess impact of the production capacity of the property exploration industry continues, with 2022q1-q3 Company II km2, a decrease of 28.0 per cent, compared to the same period; 1259 km2 of submarine cable operations, compared with the same period
A 6.6 per cent decrease; the company actively promoted seafloor node collection operations, which contributed to an increased capacity for oil and gas exploration, with a cumulative completion of 648 square kilometres, or 43.0 per cent increase over the same period.
In October 2022, China and China made a major breakthrough in overseas markets, and the company signed with the Middle East’s leading international oil company, China and China and China, which are spending more on oil capital.
A long-term contract for drilling platform services, with a total contract value of about RMB 14 billion. This marks a new stage in the deepening of cooperation between companies and international oil companies in all areas of oil and gas field exploration and development.
It also marks a global recovery in the internationalization of the management capacity and the quality of services provided by the world's leading oil companies. 2021.11.03 China Sea oil capital expenditure remains high, providing a strong guarantee of service orders. q1-q3 China Sea oils in 2022
2022.03.27 Capital expenditure of $68,693 million, an increase of 20.59 per cent over the same period; q3 middle-sea oil capital in 2022
Dhu, China and China have launched six new projects at home and abroad, with a total of 6-1 oil in domestic waters.
South-East Region and Ledong Gas Field South Block Development Project, offshore production of Brazil Mero Phase I, Indo-Ni 3m, and Guyana liza II. China Sea oil continues to have high capital expenditure guaranteed to the public Sinda Securities Company Ltd.
The steady growth in the performance of the Division has facilitated the company ' s acquisition of more orders.cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th House of the City Front Street in Beijing City West.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We forecast net return profits for companies in 2022-2024 to benefit from their competitive advantage and industry climate recovery, respectively, and growth in corporate performance in 2022-2024 is expected to accelerate, maintaining a “buy-in” rating for companies.
Risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risks in oil prices; rebound demand recovery less than anticipated \triangleright risk; upstream capital expenditure less than expected risk; geopolitical risk; exchange rate volatility risk.
B.A. in Economics and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for research on the chain of industries such as crude oil prices, oil mining, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment assessment for the petrochemicals project of the Chinese firm Xinda Asset Management. 2021 Hu Xiao Yi, assistant research assistant in the petrochemical industry. Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined in July 2022.
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Science in Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.