In the third quarter, the company collected $14,401 million in the first three quarters of the year.
RMB, 47.99 per cent increase in the same year, net profit return, 45.73 per cent increase in the same year to 1,457 million yuan increase in the same year in the middle q3 battalion, 30.12 per cent increase in the same year to $6.2 billion increase in the same year in the same year and 14.57 per cent increase in the same year in the same year in the same year.
12 months max/minimum ($) See, cabinets/cloths (excluding accessories)/ closets (including accessories)/cargo/baskets/other industries
Review: Half-yearly report forward-looking indicators, medium- and long-term cabinets, company q3 grew by 12.7 per cent to $2.19 billion, and we estimate 5.1 per cent of the increase in q3 service in the bulk-contribution cabinets, with a total of around 4 per cent in the closets.
Europa Home (603833) 21H1 Express Retail Services contributed about 3.7 pct. We estimate q3 cabinets to 20 operations to increase by 5.3% on a year-on-year basis.
It's basically made up of guest singles. Foresight q4, we think that the 20-end acceleration ring ratio will be slightly slower in Europe (603833), but we've maintained the double-digit growth judgement throughout the year.
21q2preview: q2 is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, with cabinets operating in the first half of the year focusing on three core strategies: 1 continued cabinet development path - 2021/07/18
+Strategy, revenue from complementary products such as cooking and electricity continues to rise, and the value of retail passenger manifests continues to grow, and we expect a 5 per cent increase in the value of net retail (excluding plastics) passenger manifests in cabinets; two companies are moving forward to activate retail distributors to work with local appliancers, and we expect to do so for 21 years.
See, the volume of sales generated by the whole suit is expected to rise to more than 15%;3 the “cook-to-cook” model is advanced in depth, the old changes in the kitchens are dug and the retail performance of the cabinets is growing steadily. The competition in the Europa cabinets has continued to rise over the past year, far beyond the two positions of competitors.
In the case of closet operations, 21q3 increased by 35.4 per cent (excluding accessories) and by 44.84 per cent (including accessories). The split channels show that the closets contribute 4.2 pct in bulk, and that the whole of the business brought about by the mansion, the company q2 is expected to grow by about 30 per cent over the same period, with a soft-forming business caliber, clothing, clothing, etc.
The 2c is about 42% higher than the previous year. The new shop brings about about 4% elasticity, corresponding to 30.2% (free of software) and 39% (free of software).
In addition, q3 is expected to pull up about six pcts, with a year-round growth of upholstery and a similar breakthrough in the main feeder business, q4 is expected to contribute to higher income growth. In the home-made business, the company is expected to achieve a high rate of growth under the pull of the closet and upholstery business.
Long, we expect at least double-digit growth throughout the year. At present, more than 200 brand-a-brand homes have been opened, and the Euros have been rebranded to form a two-wing drive, with a unique flat model that is expected to generate more than 50% more complex growth in the Europeans during the next two years.
Europa reports three-quarterly reviews: higher income expectations, faster growth in the closet business, 3 billion dollars worth of loans to build a Chinese production base. The company plans to issue 3 billion dollars worth of loans to build a Chinese production base.
In the five central north-west-south-east radiation bases, the company’s order delivery capacity and timeliness are expected to rise further, with a reduction of about 3.5% of the ps in debt swaps.q3 Māori rates are influenced by the price of raw materials and income structure, and Māori rates are comparable.
The decrease of 5.4 pc, q4 will ease the Māori rate compared to the first half of the year as Europa increases. In terms of cost, the q3 marketing/management/research and development (R & D) rate will change from the same rate. In terms of cash flows and forward-looking indicators: corporate business cash inflows increased by 27.43 per cent over the same period.
Net operating cash flows declined by 33.4 per cent over the same period, and advance receipts increased by 73 per cent/per cent, far above the industry average, showing certainty of subsequent performance growth.
• Three-quarter European quarterly reviews: higher income expectations, faster growth of the closet business Chart: quarterly splits and forecasts of Europa households
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report