Europa Homes (603833): Retailing channels are excellent, and it's important that the new product is dynamic.
The company is a modern integrated whole-house integrated home in the country, customized whole-houses such as closets, holistic baths and custom wooden doors.
In terms of individualized design, R & D, production, marketing and revenue distribution, 1) the first three quarters of retail operations generated $11,466 million, i.e. +50.10 per cent, of which installation services. The company owns the base for the manufacture of international home-based products.
On the ground, the whole cabinet is the backbone of the industry, which includes house-wide customization, closets, baths, wooden doors, walls and +43.92 per cent; of this, q3 earns $1.046 billion, +33.06 per cent.
The company has taken the industrial wind and developed a more sophisticated model, and this year it has successfully embarked on a fast-track development, a fast-growing income: while the company owns the largest number of outlets and a strong distribution team in the industry, it has a strong edge in traditional distribution channels, and the combination of new and old channels has made retail operations fast on a q3 base.
In the bulk of business, with the overall slowdown in the industry and the increased pressure to pay back, the company is still able to grow faster, and relies on agent models and rigorous client screening to achieve a comparable rate of turnover of receivables and high-quality growth.
The company is considered to be productive, cost-controlled and marketable, and to be able to sustain change in its channels, maintaining a pre-eminence in its total equity/flowa (millions of shares) and always superior to the industry. And, with the improvement in the renovation of its stock, zero.
The share of sales in the circulation b/h unit (millions) has increased, and the company’s flagship is expected to expand further. The basic dish of goods remains dynamic and the border has opened up space.
According to the income breakdown, 1) cabinet operations generated $5.395 billion, or +30.63% of the year; with q3 revenue, the company is working hard on the whole-cook custom model, successfully taking advantage of the opportunities at the back retail end of the block, and q3 has increased the double-digit number of cabinets, further consolidating the title of champions.
The expansion of house-wide customization continued to increase, while the company advanced the integrated sales model of the cabinet + accessories + door wall system, with a sustained increase in the number of wooden doors and other accessories and a rapid increase in income. Moreover, the development of cleaning, bulking, and retailing of residential services will continue to boost the baths, wooden doors, and so on.
The company is building on the basics of goods such as cabinets, closets, etc., and continues to drive the development of other goods, expanding the boundaries of goods and opening up the space for future development.
-3.32 pct, mainly due to rising prices of raw materials and changes in product structure. The ratio of low-māori woodgates and appurtenances does decrease the overall Māori ratio, but the ratio of sales to this category is s1480521080005.
The changes in product structure have had less impact on net interest rates because of the low demand for large, low-cost investment and space for price increases. Corporate size effects continue to be shown, with net interest rates of 14.67 per cent in the previous three quarters, a slight decline of 0.23 pct compared to the previous three quarters.
The Europeans are expected to increase their share at a faster rate, as price hikes drive down overall profits in the industry, or will lead to a contraction in SME operations. We believe that firms’ cost controls are strong, they have significant advantages, and they are expected to increase their profitability in the future.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: We think that companies can build on the advantages of traditional distribution channels in the process of changing the channels for customizing the furniture industry, maintain pre-eminence in such channels as dressing, bulk, etc., and maintain a high source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
Quality growth, and based on niche cabinets, will continue to drive the rapid growth and widening of the boundaries of other goods. Channel innovation and product expansion are mutually reinforcing, driving companies to grow and will continue to strengthen their homes (603833): retail outlets are highly superior and new products are becoming more dynamic.
The source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, Liu Tanda, Chang-jae.
The research assistant gives an overview of Shen's own research views.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Europole residence (603833): Retail outlets are highly superior and new products are dynamic and do not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice they contain. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute an offer or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.