In the 21st quarter, the sales of the newspaper closets were the first to keep up with the growth of all channels.
28 October 2021 \triangleright Public Release of Convertable Corporate Bonds: proposed to issue Convertable Corporate Bonds
\triangleright totals not more than $3 billion, and net funds are being raised to invest in the Euroside Smart Manufacturing (Wuhan) project and the EuroInnovative Design Building project, after deducting distribution costs.
Market data: On 27 October 2021 q3, the company ' s revenue and net return profits increased by 30.12 per cent and 14.57 per cent respectively, larger than during the same period in 2019.
Long. In a single quarter, the company achieved an operating income of $6,202 million, an increase of 30.12 per cent and a relative growth of 47.79 per cent for 2019q3 and a net profit of $1,068 million for non-repatriation, an increase of $470 million from the beginning of the year and a sustained increase in performance in the fourth quarter.
In the reporting period, the company ' s Māori ratio fell by 3.32 pct to 32.72% on a net basis.
(-1.94pt); financial cost rate - 0.54% (+0.03pct). By category, kitchens, closets, Europa residences (603833.sh): The company is actively moving forward with the strategy of keeping people on the move, achieving a rapid increase in the revenue of cabinets and non-seller cabinets.
The net interest rate of 2021h1 has risen significantly, the income from the cabinets has increased sharply, and the overall sale of the closets has risen significantly over the first-ever advantage of the traditional kitchen.
In the first three quarters of 2021, the company generated revenues of 53.95, 57.36, 693 and 837 million yuan, representing an increase of 30.63 per cent, 50.53 per cent, 38.11 per cent, and 72.49 per cent, respectively. The company ' s performance in non-seller products is constantly improving.
The central position of the two main core categories of production (clothboards) takes full advantage of the core advantages of marketing, manufacturing, channeling, etc., of ITC section 28 on 69 West Street, Taiwon City, and of the progressive development of access operations and agents in house-wide customization (clothing cabinets)
In Beijing, the integrated marketing model of the Nucleus + Complementary + Wall System opened up a new route for industrial sales, 7th floor of the intercentre.
In the case of closets, the company activated retail dealers to work with local companies, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., and advanced the whole kitchen custom model, dug the old kitchen and pulled zero.
\triangleright, pe 27.44, 22.41, 18.84 times. Europa, as an absolute leader of nine of the custom-made furniture companies, continues to run the average for profit and growth.
A strong and bright report card. Locally, product lines such as company closets, guard baths, wooden doors, and sub-names O'Pari, O'Phoney and Māori have achieved over-expected growth, a steady rise in the Māori rate, accompanied by the continued opening of engineering channels and plastics channels, and a high growth space for future non-record product lines.
On the whole, the level of net interest rates for companies has risen year by year and has risen to almost a decade, maintaining a “buy-in” rating in 2021, taking into account factors such as the release of benefits, the increase in efficiency driven by information-based construction, and the reduction in costs.
Macroeconomic growth has fallen short of expectations; property regulation policy risks; market diffusion has fallen short of expectations; raw materials \triangleright price volatility risks; dealers manage risks; large-scale business return risks, etc.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.