The Centre for the Study of Consumer Upgrading and Recreation
The gold flow continued to rise with a high volume of dress and closets, with net operating cash flows in the first three quarters of 21 years equal to between +37.8 and 2.94 billion yuan, and company advances at the end of the three quarters to +2.44 billion dollars in contract liabilities, compared to +72.9 per cent and 4q performance.
Retail outlets continue to grow strongly, and the closet category has become an important growth driver: by way of segmentation, firms are growing rapidly, and the contribution of cleaning channels is expected to increase further. By product category, the company ' s 3q closets/cloths/1.
Of these, the stand-alone closets, although 66 were closed at a net rate of 3q, mainly as a result of the upgrading of the shops, the opening of 34 to 2430 clothing stores, the rapid growth of the one-stop shop upgrades and the further opening of the Wei/Jumen shop, with 3q openings of 113/96 to 703/947 respectively.
q1 High-Quality Growth, A Full-Screen Proficiency Bonus contributed to a decline in the Māori Ratio, with a clear optimization of the cost ratio: The same ratio of 3q Māori in companies - Step-by-step - a quarterly review of Europa households.
5.5 to 33.3%, mainly due to higher prices of raw materials combined with higher promotion subsidies in order to capture the share The 3q distribution/large channel Māori ratio is equal to -6.0 ptt. In terms of cost rates, the effect of company size is 4.
Further, the overall regulatory excellence, the 3q sales cost rate - 0.2 to 6.5 per cent, the administrative cost rate - 4q growth rate, the more pronounced the Matthews effect - in Europe, strong retailing capacity will drive companies to continue to grow robustly: the company is now in the pipeline, in the product mix, in the product mix.
Brand labels, etc., are already well advanced, the company's retail outlets have grown by more than 80% in the last three quarters, and the company's efficiency at the front and back is increasing as the caxa software matures, and the retail advantage is expanding.
Inevitably, the bulk-channel growth contribution has declined, but the company, thanks to its strong retail capacity, continues to raise its share in the retail market, which is sufficient to support the firm to continue to grow robustly, and the alpha attribute is expected to be highlighted. Moreover, the Euro-Grates industry is now well under way, with 400 companies installed as of the end of September.
Successfully opening up the strategic high ground where companies are expected to take up industrial development in the future, opening up further opportunities for growth. New business expansion is not working well; there is increased competition in dress-up channels; and completion is not as fast as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment