U.S.A.R.C.C. Curities (00250.sz)
In 2016, the company achieved a net return profit of $857 million, an increase of 41.6 per cent.
High-quality assets with zero dollars, cut into auto air conditioning and heat management, and built a new performance growth point. 223 million shares were distributed to the three greens, 100% of the three-bladed assets were acquired, and the price of the transaction was $2.15 billion, or about 16 times that of 2016. The three-butter zeros were the leading car air conditioning and air conditioning.
Heat management system component suppliers, with clients covering globally renowned manufacturers such as Fareo, Mahler, and Esdac, with global supply capacity of the main product boom valves and receptacles. Meanwhile, the three-sprayed drive-by drive has further expanded the new products of the new energy car air conditioning and heat management system, and has been successful.
In 2016, Triple Zero realized a net profit of $134 million, and promised a net profit of at least $169 million and $208 million for 2019.
And for America’s first-largest market-marketed car factory, now owns motors, modelx and model3, with 25,000 vehicles delivered in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 69%, which is a remarkable performance. The three-loaded zero has now been certified by the Tesla level-I supplier, obtained the product’s quality of supply and signed a strategy with it.
Cooperation agreement. We believe that Tesla's production is very high, followed by a global order of about half a million model3 for the main vehicle, that a trial exercise was opened on 20 February, that it was expected to be produced in July, that it was officially produced in September, and that it was expected to reach 400,000 in 2018, and that the company, as a Tisla level-I supplier, was able to sell 400,000 vehicles in 2018.
Traditional refrigeration unit operations have grown robustly, assets have been injected into Tesla's high-quality bid, new profits have been built and sales of air conditioners have fallen short of expectations; Tesla sales have fallen short of expectations; and M&As have not progressed as expected.
The company is the world's leading manufacturer of refrigeration control units, mainly for refrigeration and air-conditioning refrigerators and components, coffee machine dishwasher washing machine washing units and components. The main product includes cut-off valves, four-way valves, electron expansion valves, electromagnetic valves, etc.
Microchannel switches, dishwasher coffee machine washing unit components, among which electronic expansion valves, iv. switch to valves, microchannel heat exchangers, etc. have the world ' s highest market share. Refrigeration units, microchannel converter operations, coffee machines, dishwashers, etc.
Overall performance increased steadily, benefiting from a high rate of domestic air-conditioning sales in 2016, with revenues of $6,769 million in 2016, an increase of 9.9 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of $860 million, a steady increase in profitability and a steady decrease in cost during the period.
The annual decline of 0.3 percentage points was the result of a gradual increase in the sales cost rate, which remained largely stable with the increase in the size of the collection, and a gradual decline in the financial cost rate.
Shareholdings 43.76 per cent and stockholdings 11.59 per cent of the company ' s shares, while Trihu Group holdings three two, injects high-quality assets and zeroes, and is expected to benefit fully from a model3 volume of output 2.1, injects high-quality assets and zeroes, and collects funds to ease production pressure.
The company proposes to supply the three-flower green energy distribution unit at a cost of $9.62.  the manufacturer of high-quality air conditioning and heat management system control components.
The main products are currently used in the passenger vehicle market. In 2016, the swelling valves and the receptacles became the top-level global heat management system manufacturers. The three-piece zero farm car air conditioners and heat management systems.
In 2016, the ratio of revenues to the top five clients in the top five automobile air conditioning and heat management systems was 44.18 per cent, of which Fareo, Mahler, Air Conditioning International, Esdac and Korea erae.
There are more affiliates, and there is a global layout. The three-blond downstream customers are global parts and components manufacturers, supply the current globalization, have a large number of subsidiaries, and are basically global. In 2016, zero overseas revenues were close to domestic income, with 48.17% of revenues, up from the same year in 2015.
In terms of exports, the main export market is the North American and European market, and the Japanese and Korean market is the Japanese market.
To a lesser extent. At present, the triflame zero-growth valve product has been certified by Honda and has been successfully expanded to include customers such as Nissan, Honda, Toyota, Mazda, and Modern Chia, and is expected to enter into a solar-style support system, with a further increase in city occupancy.
In response to energy-saving reduction trends, the temperature-reducing valves are expected to grow rapidly. The temperature-resilient valves are used for car-rate tanks, for oil temperature control valves, to enhance the lubricating effect of internal transmissions, to reduce friction, to reduce wear and tear, to achieve energy-saving and to extend the life of the auto-records, and are expected to become fuel vehicle markers.
At present, three-flash zero-moderated valves are used mainly for automatic blockage, and have already generated $7.616 million in 2016, an increase of 161 per cent, through U.S. general use, Ford certification, and are expected to grow rapidly as the trend towards energy-saving emission reductions accelerates.
Electronic expansion valves are used primarily in new-energy vehicles, compared to traditional thermal expansion valves, which are better suited to meet the requirements of new-energy cars for battery heat management, heat pumps, air conditioning cooling range, accuracy. The company ' s electronic expansion valve product began to be small in 2014.
Bulk production, and then bulk production, in 2016, was awarded a paceaward prize that is known as a pole of innovation in the global car zero component industry, marking the three-flower zero electron expansion valve, which is at the top of the world, followed by the rapid growth of new energy vehicles and the electronic expansion valves.
In order to reduce the pressure on production capacity, and to ensure that subsequent performance increases, companies plan to raise 1,322 million yuan in non-public funds.
Performance is expected to increase steadily. In 2016, the three-flash zero achieved an operating income of $904 million, corresponding to 2.2 Tsla, creating a high-quality Tesla manufacturer.
Tesla increased its delivery by the same 69 per cent in a quarter, leading the United States electric vehicle market. Tesla delivered 25,000 electric vehicles in a quarter, an increase of 69 per cent over the same period, and performed well. Models delivered 135,000 vehicles, or 54 per cent, and the new model Modelx, or 46 per cent.
During the same period, about 40,000 electric vehicles were sold in the United States during the first quarter of the year, a 46 per cent increase over the same period, and Tesla delivered about 104,000 vehicles in the United States market, with a 26 per cent market share, leading the American electric vehicle market, of which Models, with about 0.61 million, was at the top of the sale list in the United States.
The market value is higher than Ford, more generic, and highlights investors’ interest in Tesla’s future prospects. The total market value of Tesla is now greater than General Motors and Ford, making it the country’s first-largest-market car company.
For US$ 700 million, US$ 4.6 billion, US$ 9.4 billion, shows a high degree of investor recognition of Tesla’s potential for future growth as a powered, automated leader. Model3 is produced, building Tesla’s model.
According to Tesla, after the official delivery in July, the model3 will be “mass production” in September, with a node in the fourth quarter raising capacity to 5,000 vehicles/weeks.
In 2018, it continued to rise to 10,000 vehicles/weeks.  became a Tesla-level supplier, fully benefiting from the high growth in Tesla sales.
According to the company announcement, a portion of Tesla’s orders were received in April-May, and the company is expected to benefit fully with the volume of model3.
In 2017-2019, Teslamodel3 was delivered with 50,000 vehicles, 400,000 vehicles and 600,000 vehicles respectively, and the value of the three-flash zero product was $2,000.The current net interest rate for the three-flash zero-traditional business was about 15 per cent, assuming a three-flash supply for the years 2017-2019.
Figure 23: Prospectively benefiting fully from volume model3 output, high performance elasticity, traditional mastery expected to improve, steady growth of 3.1 air conditioner sales continued to warm and refrigeration units were expected to grow steadily
The company’s main products are cut-off valves, quadrupling valves, electromagnetic valves, electronic expansion valves, etc. The company’s main products are at the forefront of the market, with four swaps exceeding 50% of the market share of the valves and 30% of the cut-off valves, with electronic expansion valves, four switch valves, etc.
In terms of air conditioning, the air conditioning industry moved to the inventory stage in 2015.
The same sales went down, but the industry started to warm up as the air conditioning industry moved to the end of its inventory, the demand for upstream components began to rise, and the company's air conditioning products were expected to benefit fully. The total refrigerator sales remained above expectations at 3.2 microchannels.
Microchannels have significant advantages and high replacement potential. Microchannels for heat exchange are used as replacements for traditional copper caps, flaps, and are now mainly used in air conditioners, heat pumps, refrigeration. Compared to conventional heat exchangers, they have a 30% reduction in volume, a 50% reduction in weight and a reduction in refrigerant recharge.
30%, and 100% recoverable aluminium, have the advantage of heat exchange efficiency, space saving, cooling, and pressure resistance. According to industry online, the current penetration rate of microchannel heat exchangers in the air conditioning heater collar area is only 6.4%.
In 2015, the company injected three micro-channels of green energy under the banner of three micro-channels for heat exchange assets into micro-channels for heat change. The company's micro-channel operations are now being deployed in China, the United States, and Mexico, with the United States market playing a major role, with the global market accounting for more than 30%.
At the same time, microchannel operations have committed $110 million in profits for 2015-2017, breaking through the capacity bottlenecks, and their performance is expected to increase further. The company ' s microchannel business has grown faster in recent years, at 100%. To ease the pressure on production, the company has set to raise an additional $400 million for the three-channel microchannel.
The project for the construction of a microchannel for heat exchange production line in Mexico, the project for the renovation of 800,000 new annual heat exchange technologies, and the replenishment of operating funds for the three-channel microchannel have been steadily moving forward, with the prospect of further development of the microchannel operation.
With the country’s ageing population, artificial upgrading, and the rising demands of the younger generation for quality of life, dishwashers are expected to become the next blue sea market. Currently, less than 1% of domestic dishwashers have penetration, and there is much room for penetration compared to developed countries.
In 2012, the company acquired a dishwasher and a dishwasher. The company acquired a dishwasher, a dishwasher, a washing machine and coffee machine parts, which account for about 70 per cent of the total revenue of the camp.
The company made a series of restructurings and restructurings of the company, which closed down German factories and retained Austria and Poland after the acquisition of Avico.
In the domestic market, the Shanghai factory was transferred to Lake Shao. After years of consolidation, Javico has now lost and in 2016 has actually grown considerably, looking at its subsequent steady growth.
Figure 32: Avico's performance has improved steadily 4 - Profit forecasting and investment proposal  Refrigeration business module: air conditioner to stock completion, industry to warm and upstream parts to demand
The company’s air conditioner products are expected to benefit fully. Refrigeration operations are expected to take place in 2017-2019. Microchannel operations are expected to take place: fund-raising projects are being phased in to ease the pressure on the mini-channel heater production and to benefit from other electrical control systems and components such as coffee machines, washing machines, etc.: integration has begun to yield results, Avico
• Three-channel zeros: yield from the beneficiary Teslamodel3 and the opening up of domestic customers. A robust growth of traditional refrigeration unit operations is expected in 2017- , assets are injected into Tesla's high-quality labels, and new profit growth points are created.
▪ Unexpected sales of air conditioners; less than expected sales of Tesla; and less than expected M & As. Analysis of rating ratios in the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the fundamentals of the enterprise, judging the results of a comparison of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years with the average value of the firms listed in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.