The purchase of the three-brand zero is approved and will open up a new growth space.
• Participant: construction of the San Jiahua auto spare parts project.
Once the \diamond acquisition is complete, the electric car heat management system will open up future growth space for listed companies.
With 14.44 million zero-inflated valves and 9.38 million liquid receptacles, respectively, sales amounting to 376 million, including cooling air conditioning, battery heat management, power control cooling sub-systems, and active management programmes based on heat pump technology are becoming the mainstream of the industry. Three zeros have become important customers such as Faleo, Mahler, etc.
Global suppliers and long-term partners have been successful in exploring the entire drivers of Tesla and Biadi. Maintain a “strongly recommended” rating, taking into account the determination of short-term performance growth and the uncertain risk of acquisition.
3-F3-Acquisition of 3-O3 from Refrigeration Air Conditioning to Automotive Heat Management System 207-04-13 3-F3-Insight Report - Refrigeration Masters
Jian, Group Electric Motor Heat Management is an important point of view, and a 100% equity trading scheme for the purchase of three-flash zeros: $2.15 billion for a transaction, and the company intends to issue a non-public share to the Zhejiang Green Energy Industries Group Ltd. (Small Greens) to buy it.
It held 100 per cent equity in the Zhejiang Three Flowers Car Parts and Components Ltd.; the transaction price was 21.5 per cent of the related company equity control relationship (pre-transaction) and after the transaction (without consideration of matching financing), the total equity of the company increased from 1,801 million shares to 2,032 million shares and three shares controlled.
At the same time, private share-raising through price inquiries does not exceed 1,322 million yuan for the construction of three zero-value items; the issuance price is not less than 90 per cent of the average value of stock transactions in companies listed 20 trading days before the base date.
Performance commitments: The combined net profit from 2017 to 2019 is not less than $620 million. The profit commitment period for this transaction is three consecutive fiscal years from the date the transaction was completed. Three steam zeros and 264.42 million. If the transaction is completed in 2017, the consolidated statement for the profit commitment period 2017-2019 is attributed.
3. Three-flower car parts: electric car heat management system opens up future growth space 1. Traditional car refrigeration air conditioners: core control component expansion valves and receptacles are globally competitive. Three-flash zero conventional staple products are car air conditioning heat expansion valves and receptacles.
The core components of auto-air conditioning, which are used in the refrigeration flow regulation and refrigerant storage, filtering and drying of air-conditioning systems, have now become the leading global supplier of the global heat-inflating valves and receptacles, with Japanese binoculars, tgk, Eghoff, Germany, among the world ' s major competitors.
As the demand for refrigerant regulation scope and accuracy increases, the company’s electronic expansion valves began to gain global recognition. In 2016, the company produced 130,000 electric expansion valves year-round, and the three-spray zeros won the 2017 Gas from the electronic expansion valves.
The Car News Paceaward Award for Innovation is now a global certification supplier and long-term partner, such as Faleo, Mallebé, the first and second largest clients of the company in 2015 and 2016, with a combined sales ratio of more than 30%.
In 2016, for example, 14.44 million and 9.38 million, respectively, were sold for sales of Benz, General, Tesla, Biade and Gilly, with sales of 3x4 million zero-growth valves and 9.202 million yuan, with a ratio of 48.0 per cent and 25.8 per cent respectively; the electronic expansion valves were sold out.
Figure 2 III Zero Main Camp Structure (2016) Table 3 Three Flower Automobile Parts Current Core Product Figure 3 Three Automobile Air Conditioning Inflated valves and liquid receptacles
As early as 2012, the Sanhua Group, in association with Hangzhou, where the Chinese Academy of Science is based, set up the Joint Research and Development Centre for Central Science Research Institutes - Three-Four New Energy Automobile Air Conditioning, a United Nations-known university research institute and automobile manufacturers to develop electricity.
In our view, electrical car air conditioning and heat management involve multiple subsystems, such as battery temperature control, cabin space, modem, electrical and controlled cooling, which address at least two key issues, namely, the conventional temperature control of the cabin.
The electrical car air-conditioning system is not only related to the microclimatic function of space travel, but is also responsible for whole-car heat management. Figure 4
The conventional car refrigeration is usually cooled by a belt-drive compressor, which heats with engine residual heat. Electric cars do not have engines, and all the energy in the whole car comes from batteries, so it usually cools with an electric compressor, while heat production has different technical options, and the pttc heater is the option.
Heating, but low heat efficiency at ptc, which consumes a lot of electricity. The energy consumption of the air-conditioning system has a significant impact on the mileage of electric vehicles, so that the energy efficiency is higher, so that the cooling/heating heat pump technology of the single system can be used as a map of the new energy vehicle air-conditioning system.
Table 4 compares electric car air conditioners with conventional vehicle air conditioners, and then focuses on the battery heat management system (betterthermalmanmentsystem, btms). Lithium ion batteries have a significantly reduced power multiplier and capacity in low-temperature environments, while the temperature increases during large-time discharges.
Given the performance and safety of the battery, thermal management of the battery is required to keep the temperature within a reasonable range. Bats are usually cooled by wind and liquid cooling, which, although easy to achieve, changes in the temperature of the battery, and liquid cooling for heat exchange via cooling fluids are expected to be mainstreamed.
Figure 6 Lithium ion batteries with different temperature discharge properties, Figure 7 Lithium ion batteries with different multipliers of discharge temperature escalation curves, Figure 8 passive conventional liquid cooling system map
Figure 9 A map of the active conventional liquid cooling system uses the 2011 version of Chevroletvolt as an example, the installation of 18 kwh lithium cell modules, 288 cell units and the introduction of liquid active temperature control systems for thermal management.
Table 5 Chevranwalanda Technical Parameters ( Battery Section) Chevranvolanda Battery Heat Management System, which has a total of three modes of operation as shown in the following graph: a-Heating mode: Control valve switch to position a, heater heater cycling coolant;
b- Refrigeration mode: control valve switch to positionb, air conditioner compressor activated, battery refrigerating fluid heater cooled; c-regulating mode: control valve switch to positionc, cooling fluids are replaced by radiator and then reflux to the power pump;
1. Corporate revenue structure and quarterly trends: determined high growth in the first half of the year Main operations in 2016: $4.06 billion for the refrigeration unit, a 3.5 per cent increase in the same year and a 34.2 per cent Māori rate; Figure 14 Trends in net profit and Māori rates for companies (as of 1q17)
A simple mock-up of consolidated financial statements: per share of proceeds is generally stable Assuming that the company successfully completes the issue of equity acquisitions and is accompanied by the collection of funds, of which: 1. Acquisition of assets: issue of 2.3.6867 million shares;
3. Three-channel zero performance: a simple assessment of data and commitment performance against the draft acquisition report;