
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm not going to do it.
I don't know what to say, but I think it's a good idea.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
Airpods/twssSegment.weestimateairpodsshipwillwillgrove 45/22% Yoyto94mn/115mninfy20e/21e, andgoerekwillgainshainpresentation shareholdingstructure
I'm not going to be able to do anything about it, but I'm going to do something about it.
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
vr/arsegmentwillregainmentwith 82 per cent/40 per cent yoygrorowthinfinty20/21e, backed bybynewprodactcyclofclusque 2andsonypsvr2.in answer, goertekrecentlyannouncedtozerm4bnconvertiblebondto
Xvr/arproductsand source: bloomberg 5mnar/vropticalmodules, whochwillhelpboostsharegainanddrive
12-mthpriceperformance upgradetobuywithnewtpofrmb46.werevisedupourfy20-22eeps by 27-51%, mainlyesterfectourmoreposiveviewviewpods
I don't know, I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Source: bloomberg launchesofairpodstudio, homepod2andoculusquest2in2h20e. auditor:ruihua
I don't know what you're talking about.
Source: Bloomberg, cmbis financialanalysis expectrevenue/netprofittorowat 36%/35% caprduringfy20-22e
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Marginupsidegivenstrongconsumerdemandandcancellationofin-boxesearchphonesin iPhone12in2h20e.ourfy21/22epsare 19/13% aboveconsus.ourtpof rmb46isassedon40xfy21ep/e, in-line1-sdaboveits5-yraveragep/e, ingeven 35%
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it for me, and you're going to have to do it for me.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm not sure that's what you're talking about.
Well, therearchanalynchorisprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatect to the securities orissuerthattheanalystcoveredinthisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressedaccuratelyreflefectorherpersonviewsaboutthesubjectsecurities orissuesueswas,is,orwillbe,directlydirected
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Outperform mark-perform underperform
I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America, and I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America.
Importantdiscussions doesnotprovidindividuallytailoredvesmentadvice.thisreporthasbeenpreparedwithoutregardtotheindividualinvestives, financial position orspecialrequirements.pastperformanceehasnoindicationoffutureperformance, dactuatedventsmayifferrealfrommet wichiscontainedin
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedbythecmbis, solelyforpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsofcmbis and/oritsaffiliate(s)tohomitistrebuted.thisportisnototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanycecurityoronyinterest insecuritiesorierintoanytransaction.neith and bisnoranyofitsaffialates, shareholders, agents, curatives, directors
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, methodswhencompiling.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) arepersonsfallingwithinarticalle49(2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies, unincorporated effects, etc.)oftheorder, andmaynotberovidtoanotherperson wofoutthepriorwrittenconsentof bis. forcipientsofsixthdocumentedstates.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
rulesintendtedtoensuretheanalysisnotaffective 15a-6undertheus, securitiesexchangeactof 1934, asamended, andmaynotfurnishedtoanyotherpersons.eachmajustitutionalinvestors
I don't know, by sacceptanceherofrepresentsandandagreesthatshathaltshaltshattyorprovidethisiporttoantherson.anyu.s.recipientofthisportwishing tofectanytransactiontobuyorselsecuritiesbasedontheforformation provividedthisitreportdosoldsolythroughau.s.-registeredbroker-dealer.forcientsofthisdouridinsingporeinsingaporeins.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.