Intelligent wear continues to erupt, producing two wangs of q3 over-expected growth -- Gore shares published the semi-annual 2020 report, q3 over-expected, moving up to a “strongly recommended” rating.
The company released its semi-annual report for 2020, and in the first half of 2020 it achieved operating income of $15.57 billion, returning to its mother and son, leading a sophisticated manufacturing capacity and strong R & D capability to wear electronic caps.
In the context of dynamic development, the output of the company's products continues to increase, the product structure continues to optimize, and the "parts plus finished" will continue to fly on both sides, with strong manufacturing and innovation capabilities driving long-term growth The company can provide solutions for the vertical integration of precision zero components and smart hardware whole systems, smart sound
The area of whole machines and smart hardware can work with clients to develop products through “odm”, “jdm,” etc. It is a powerful manufacturing and innovation capability that has enabled companies to secure and continue to benefit from the global supply chain of top technology companies, with corporate revenue growing by 49.5% in the first half of the year, and company product boundaries continuing to exist.
Growth drives companies to grow over the long term, with an increase of 25.09% in revenues from smart acoustics in the first half of 2020, and 26.32% in revenues from sophisticated zero-component operations in the first half of 2020. The combination of endogenously powerful intellectual manufacturing capabilities with global superior customer resources, with a wide demand for new smart hardware, will contribute to long-term growth in corporate performance.
• Consumer electronic innovation, a new decade of growth in the emerging intelligent hardware market, a negative overall growth in mobile phone products affected by the epidemic in 2020, but what can be seen is that innovation in consumer electronics has never broken, new consumer electronics such as tws headphones, vr/ar, smart watch bracelets, etc.
Goods are fast gaining popularity, andfuturesource projects global tws shipments to 186 million by 2020, an increase of about 63.1 per cent over the previous year; idc projects global vr/ar product exports to 7.1 million by 2020, an increase of about 23.6 per cent over the same period; and idc projects global smart watch shipments in 2023.
The tws headphones will grow, and the precision of the manufacturing will reach 131.6 million. The company, as the core manufacturer of global intelligent hardware, will benefit fully from the new casting and growth of 2020-07-08.
We have also seen a client as a global mobile phone leader in the roll-out of a price-free version of the mobile phone product and the forthcoming release of a 5g mobile phone, which is expected to bring a new consumer boom, and the company will benefit fully as a core manufacturer. We are firmly committed to seeing the company as a consumer of electronics in the new decade.
Long-term growth and competitiveness.