Gore shares (002241), benefits from the high profile of the tws industry, and vr innovation continues to release tws productive capacity to drive growth.
\triangleright q2 achieved operating income of 9 billion yuan, i.e. 16% year, ring + 41% year, net profit of 490 million yuan year, i.e. 52% year, ring + 66%. The company ' s 20h1 growth was mainly due to smart acoustic plates (tws headphones, smartphones), precision components
\triangleright is currently one of the leading suppliers of airpods, and the high growth of q3 is due mainly to the increase in orders, the release of capacity, and the success of the slopes.
vr/ar opens up medium- and long-term growth space, and according to idc, the global volume of vr products will reach 7.1 million in 20 years, compared to 24%, and brands will gradually roll out new products to drive industry development.
Industry is at the forefront, and we believe that companies underestimate and maintain a “recommended” rating. Disease control is not as high as expected, trade friction between Central America and the US is escalating, and downstream customers are delivering less than expected.
1. Gore shares (002241) Quarterly Review: o3 deductions were not expected, benefiting tws, taking over the company ' s strategic landing
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.