Gore shares (002241), electronics q3 guide over-expected growth driven by consumer electronics, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: company disclosure of mid-2020 performance, with company 2020h1 revenue of $15.57 billion, an increase of 14.7 per cent over the same period; net profit return of $780 million, an increase of 49.1 per cent over the same period, and a ceiling on reported performance; non-net profit deduction of $740 million, an increase of 76.8 per cent over the same period, while forecasting a significant increase in performance of 2020q3.
14.7 per cent of the net profit from the return to the mother is 780 million yuan, an increase of 49.1 per cent over the previous year. The net profit is increasing at a faster rate than the rate of the increase in the harvest.
The high profile of the tws headphones industry and the rapid growth of the smart watch industry are expected to continue to benefit the company. According to the international research agency ' s headphonesmark report, the year 2020 is the year 2020.
The ball tws real wireless headphones forecast a volume of 186 million shipments, an increase of about 63.1% over the same period, and the global smart watch volume is expected to reach 110 million in 22 years, according to the Trendforce data. The company adheres to the “zero-plus-finish” strategy, actively layout the smart hardware product.
The company has id, optical design/optic components, electronic circuits, structure/distribution, acoustics, none.
Lines/radio frequency, software, automation, etc., one-stop odm/jdm service capacity, working on a long-term basis with large clients such as Sony, Samsung, Huaieng, Apple, Ocuulus. idc projects that the global Vr virtual reality product in 2020 will yield 7.1 million items, an increase of about 23.6 per cent over the same period.
Hardware product opportunities are expected to continue to benefit simultaneously and beyond overall industry growth levels. The net return profit over the next three years will maintain a complex growth rate of 46.7%, given the firm's strong industrial chains in the field of tws headphones and ar/vr, and the firm's enhanced implementation of “part parts plus finished products” in the area of acoustic light power.
Strategic layout, where firms are expected to continue to grow steadily, with synergies, long-term positive corporate development, for the first time covered, with a “holding” rating, and where friction leads to falling demand in the sector, increases the risk of competition in the industry.
Company 1 is a pioneer in precision processing and smart manufacturing in the field of acoustic light power. The company was founded in 2001 and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2008. The company’s main business is classified as precision zero, smart acoustic whole-office, and smart hardware. The main products of the sophisticated zero-component business are micromics, miniatures.
Sound speakers, loudspeakers modules, antennas, mems sensors and other electronic components, etc.; smart acoustic whole-officers, products such as wire headset, wireless headphones, smart wireless headphones, smart sound products: the main products of smart hardware business are smart home video game parts, smart enough to wear electronics, virtual reality/enhanced reality products, industrial automation, etc.
Products, etc. Corporate products are widely used in consumer electronics. Companies have the ability to provide their customers with a wide range of technology-based products, such as uniacrylic, optical, wireless communication, and so forth. They can provide customers with an integrated solution to acoustic optics, optical, mems semiconductor, with innovative competitive advantages.
Corporate business structure: The company’s current main business is three units: smart acoustic whole machines, sophisticated zero components, and smart hardware. Camp 1 million yuan, a decline of 8.4 per cent in the same year, accounted for 23.2 per cent of the total revenue: Māori account for 940 million Māori, Māori gross, 17.6 per cent Māori, and Māori account for 2.6 per cent of the other business.
Trade friction affects increased competition in industries with weak consumption. Scenario 1: Smart acoustics: mainly tws headphones (including apples and Anders) and soundbox operations. More than 10,000 benefits, more than 2,000-60 million tws headphones in Andres, and orders keep growing at a high rate. Apples and Ann.
In the course of the competition, the less experienced white cards will be phased out in the market, which will benefit brand manufacturers, and the market concentration will increase slightly, so the overall Māori rate for 2020-2022 is expected to be at the level of scenario 2: precision zero components: mainly loudspeakers and mems microphones, which is expected to be 2020-2022.
Assumption 3: Smart hardware operations: mainly consisting of vr/ar, game machine accessories and smart watch/handring operations.
We've chosen as comparable companies the same sophisticated, bluesy, intelligence-based, trust-based telecommunications as sophisticated manufacturing industries, 40 times the average of 20 years, 30 times the average of 21 years, and companies, as industry leaders, should enjoy a certain value premium.
Multiply, the net return profits over the next three years will maintain a complex growth rate of 46.7 per cent, and, given the firm position of the company's industrial chains in the tws headphones and the ar/vr domain, the firm's enhanced implementation of the strategic layout of “part parts plus finished” in the area of acoustic light power, it is expected that the company's performance will continue to grow steadily, with synergies, long-term positive corporate development, first coverage and “holding” rating.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.