Sound, light, electricity plus precision, high growth in power performance 21 August 2020 Gore shares (002241.sz)
In the first half of 2020, the company achieved a revenue of 1.57 billion, an increase of 14.7 per cent over the previous quarter; the corresponding q2 quarter received $9.10 billion, compared to the \triangleright precision and zero-component operation, which received $4.97 billion in the second quarter, an increase of 26.3 per cent over the previous quarter; and the Māori rate of 26.2 per cent, an increase of 1.49 pt over the same period.
In the second half of the year, we expect that the impact of the epidemic will de-escalate, global smartphone sales will recover, and the release of new 5g products from large clients will provide strong performance support for companies’ sophisticated zero components.
In the case of tws headphones, the company ' s current number of tws headphones has increased significantly compared to 2q19, and the rate of success has stabilized at a higher level. Thus, while the total delivery of tws headphones in the first half of the year was temporarily hampered by an overseas epidemic, Gore ' s output and production levels have shown good results by comparison.
Increased volume, increased linear automation and worker proficiency, and improved tws headphones are gradually accelerating, while learning curves for the next generation of new headphones will become shorter. We expect companies to have less pressure on their new upwards next year, mature linears to be stable and tws headphones to perform year-round. For smart sound boxes: according to Canalys, in 2019, the number of deliveries from the big headphones, amazon and google, was 37 million, 24 million, with 30 per cent and 19 per cent of the city ' s principals, respectively.
Liu Chilai’s research assistant has a price range of $100-200 and a cheap version of $50-60. It is expected that the company’s big clients will soon launch new products and move into the mainstream price range, such as head-selling maazon and google, and smart soundboxes are expected to be in the forefront of the industry, leading to further growth in the company’s audio business.
Smart hardware business, 1h20th Battalion, $3.61 billion, down 8.4 per cent; Māori rate, 13.7 per cent, up by 1.82 pct. For ar/vr, compared to other consumption, Gore shares depth report: Parts + Products goes hand in hand, hits electrons, ar/vr's special features are in sensory growth, which greatly enhances the consumer's perception of visualization as game ecology and hardware products mature in the future, vr.
The company is expected to contribute to the high growth of the vr business, based on the partnership of parts and whole machines.
The company’s governance structure is much better, decision-making is more efficient, and the cost of downgrading is more visible.
The company has built industry-led precision manufacturing capabilities in the areas of acoustics, opticals, mems microelectronics, and has an innovative competitive advantage. Through cross-circle integration techniques, vertical integration of sophisticated zero components such as acoustics, optical, microelectronics, and structural components provides “one-stop” smart manufacturing services from id design, research and development, testing to automated production.
Qualitative customer resources translate into an inexhaustible drive for the company’s continued rapid growth. It is clear that we see that the company is able to continuously capture the power of consumer electronic innovation, build a one-stop sophisticated manufacturing platform for “part parts plus finished products” and maintain \triangleright for the company.
Figure 1: Gore ' s share income and profit performance Figure 2: Gore ' s share profit performance Figure 3: Gore ' s share period cost
Figure 4: Gore share R & D costs, Figure 5: Gore shares collections and operating cash flows, Figure 6: Gore net profits and operating net cash flows
Figure 7: Ghor stock holdings Figure 8: Ghor share accounts receivable Balance sheet units: millions of dollars profit statement units: millions of dollars
Fang Jing, Xian University of Electronics and Technology, has been a successful student for nearly five years in the semiconductor industry, with experience in overseas work, such as instruments in Texas, familiarizing with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. Pacific securities, Li Xiaoqing in 2018, M.A. from Wuhan University, South-West securities in 2018, Sindha securities in 2020, and electronics studies. Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, and Sinda securities in 2020.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.