The company's mid-term development plan and the 30gw battery expansion plan are expected to further strengthen the industry.
The medium-term development plan is ambitious, and the photovoltaic production of dragons is new: the company has issued an announcement setting out the 2020-2023 development plan for the high-purity crystal silicon and solar cell operations, with a view to increasing capacity-building, and by 2023 the company will have produced some 22-229 million tons of excess silicon production capacity and 80-100gw photovoltaic battery fragments.
The dual upgrade of silicon production capacity is expected to lead to a breakthrough in electronic-grade products: according to the plan, 2021-2023 amounts to 40-80% for more than 85% of the material, and plans to acquire the capability to produce electronic-grade polysilicon. The multi-crystal silicon production costs are controlled at 30-40 thousand yuan per ton, with cash costs of 20-30 million yuan per ton.
The price of silicon hits the bottom in the medium term, and the season is expected to rise: after a period of concentration of low-cost new production capacity, only about 50,000 tons of additional production of silicon between 2019q3 and 2020h1. There are currently no multi-crystal silicon manufacturers outside the company that have announced plans for subsequent expansion, and the company's new capacity.
In addition, the South Korean firm Oci is preparing to minimize the solar-grade multi-crystal silicon capacity in Korea, which may result in a small contraction in the subsequent market’s efficient supply. With global photovoltaic demand remaining at a relatively high rate in 2020, we judge the current price of silicon.
At the bottom of the medium term, there is a prospect of an increase in the rate of installation in 2020. Battery tablets continue to expand at a pace that further magnifies the technological advantage of cost: companies also announce investments in 30gw-efficient solar cell energy per year, with one phase of the 7.5gw project to be implemented in 2021.
In terms of battery technology and cost, the target for the non-silicon cost of a perc battery is $0.18/w, while this extension provides for a follow-up change in the value of the perc product, which will also take root.
According to the development process of the hjt technology, its industrialization is being promoted in due course, using the market price collection on 11 February 2020 as the standard policy risk for the photovoltaic industry; the pace of expansion is not as expected; the risk of excess production capacity for photovoltaic manufacturing; and feed.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy business Agroforestry and Fisheries: Feeding
The medium-term development plan for Li Kollen is ambitious, with a new photovolt production of dragonheads, and the announcement issued by the company on the night of 11 February to develop the 2020-2023 development plan for high-purity silicon and solar cell operations.
On the basis of the currently available more than 80,000 tons of crystallized silicon, 20gw photovoltile batteries, and in combination with the combined technical, cost and management advantages of the high-purity silicon and solar cell industries, the company intends to increase the construction of high-purity silicon and solar cell capacity, which will form approximately 22-290,000 tons of silicon and 80-100gw light-voltage cell capacity by 2023, and the implementation of the development plan is expected to further consolidate and enhance public capacity.
Silicon-based energy technology has increased both ways, and is expected to make a breakthrough in electronic-grade products, about two to three times the size of the production capacity of 80,000 tons in 2020. At the same time, technologically, the company currently uses single crystallization in silicon production capacity.
The share of materials has exceeded 85%, and subsequent companies will be able to roll out N-silicon in a timely manner, based on market demand. In the medium term, the ratio of single crystals to companies will remain at over 85%, with a 40-80% ratio, while further technological breakthroughs are planned to capture the capacity to produce electronic levels of multiple crystalline silicon. The cost side is planned to contain the cost of multisilicon production at 3-40.000 yuan ton, and the cash cost at 20-30 thousand ton.
And technology indicators and cost levels are expected to be further optimized by technological advances in the industry, and silicon prices are expected to hit the bottom in the medium term, and the season is expected to rise.
After a centralized release period of low-cost new domestic capacity prior to 2019q3, 2019q3 went straight to 2020h1 with additional capacity of only about 50,000 tons. There are currently no multi-crystal silicon manufacturers other than companies that have announced plans for their subsequent expansion, and the company ' s capacity remained at 80,000 tons in 2020, with new capacity released in at least 2021.
According to the national media, businesskorea reports that Korea’s multi-crystal silicon companies, Oci and HANhua, are in a state of loss because of cost limitations, or are concerned to leave the multi-crysilica market. According to Oci’s latest financial information, Oci is planning to shift some of Korea’s multi-crystal silicon capacity to the production of electronic-grade multiple silicon, while minimizing the solar-scale multi-crysilica capacity in Korea.
With global photovoltaic demand remaining at a relatively high rate in 2020, we judge that silicon prices are now at the bottom of the medium term, and are expected to rise in the 1990 season. Batteries continue to expand at a pace that further magnifies the technological advantage of costs.
At the same time, the company announced an investment in 30gw high-efficiency solar cells and accompanying projects in Chengdu County, which will be implemented in stages. The total investment is expected to be 20 billion yuan yuan, of which approximately 6 billion yuan will be funded by the People ' s Government of Chengdu and the People ' s Government of Kimdong County through the State-owned Investment Corporation.
The extension project is planned to be implemented in four phases: one and two will each invest $4 billion in the construction of a total of 7.5gw each for a 15gw high-efficiency solar cell project, and three and four will each invest in a total of 7.5gw each for a total 15gw high-efficiency solar cell and ancillary projects. One phase of the 7.5gw project will be launched by March 2020 and will be completed in 2021, with follow-up projects to be implemented in accordance with the municipality.
In terms of battery technology and costs, the company is developing and validating perc+ and Topcon technologies, and this extension project has left behind a follow-up technology.
In the context of this expansion, the company will also promote industrialization in due course, in accordance with the process of the development of hjt technology. In addition, the level of automation of the new production will increase and the production process will continue to be optimized.
Compatibility with 210 large size silicon tablets is expected to contribute to a sustained decline in nonsilicon costs. According to the company’s medium-term development plan, the company’s perc battery nonsilicon costs target is 0.18/w, with some room for optimization relative to the current level.