Tonway shares (600438.sh) Building silicon, battery-plate dominance, building an annual 30gw high-efficiency solar battery and an announcement of an accompanying project.
Our analysis and judgment, Zhao Teng Fai, has a clear cost advantage for silicon, which will accelerate the elimination of production from the industry. The company now stands at 80,000.
Tons of high-purity silicon, which is controlled by planning and future production costs of silicon at 3-40.000 yuan per ton, cash costs are controlled at 20-30 thousand yuan per ton, leading the industry, and providing a good basis for expansion. On the other hand, small silicon plants in the country are phased out as competition increases in the industry, and Vuck, Oci, etc., are produced abroad.
We can also announce our exit, our future backward capacity will be cleared or trended, and the company is expected to continue to rise with a cost advantage, and the pattern of competition will continue to improve. The 30gw high-efficiency solar cell project will be launched and costs will continue to fall.
20gw high-efficiency solar cell capacity, which is announced to be invested in 30gw high-efficiency solar cells and associated projects in Chengdu County with a total investment of 20 billion yuan, with a 7.5gw phase to be launched by March 2020 and completed in 2021, with follow-up projects to be based on market demand
In the next 3-5 years, production will gradually be completed. According to the plan, the cost of the company ' s perc non-silicon product is below 0.18/w. The cost of new technology non-silicon products will continue to decline.
In the current mainstream production of p-perc batteries, there is also an emphasis on new product technology areas such as perc+, topcon, hjt, where the test line in hjt is 400mw, and corporate products will be compatible with all 210 and below. We believe that with companies in hjt,
The layout of large silicons has deepened, or is expected to accelerate technological change in the industry, with a forward-looking layout in which companies have a clear cost advantage, the capacity of this planned production has expanded significantly, the potential for silicon production, and the dominance of the battery sector. At the same time, as demand in the industry has recovered, companies continue to move down and gain.
1) The risk of less than expected for photovoltaics; 2) the risk of a significant drop in product prices; 3) the risk of less than expected output; 4) the risk of less than expected financing.