The Center for Resources and Environmental Research has a strong cost-consistency expansion and a silicon cell tap, and the company has released multi-crystal silicon and battery silicon expansion plans, which will be achieved by the end of 2020-2023, respectively.
The 30-gw battery film project, which will be launched by March 2020, will be launched in the first quarter of 2020, with a strong and substantial expansion of production with cost advantages, and a strong leadership position: the new company Leisan, Silicon, each achieves a cost target of $5/4/30 million and maintains a Māori rate of more than 30% at the current price level.
“The low profit point of the photovoltaic business is too high, and the production of the Oci Korean factory has been shut down, marking the start of a new wave of high-cost domestic and foreign productivity exits, and the market share of the crystalline silicon will be rapidly concentrated in the five leading Chinese enterprises with significant cost advantages, expanding production to the end of production.
The company expects that the cost of its single crystal perc battery not silicon will be further reduced with the release of new capacity 3.
$/w. With security cushions based on cost advantages highlighted on mainstream products, the company takes the lead in the higher battery-acting field, where the new product will choose the perc+/topcon/hit route with full-compatibility 210 mm 4.
All the sizes of the silicon silicon silicon and below, while increasing the city’s rate of occupancy while maintaining advanced production capabilities, leading the industry’s technology, 5.
The high cost of silicon production, represented by Oci Korea, is phased out, taking into account that the supply and demand of silicon is expected to improve marginally and overall tight in 2020-2021 in the next 1 - 1.5 years or no new production capacity, and that prices are expected to rebound, and we judge that the price of crystalline secret material will run between 78,000 yuan/tons in two years.
The company’s profitability in silicon operations is expected to improve continuously. Eastern hopes that 80 million tons of capacity will progress in the commissioning process, and that the subsequent use of silicon raw materials by silicon companies will be variable factors from the supply side and demand side, respectively, that may influence the price of the clinker.
The supply and demand dynamics of the battery will be significantly better in 2020 than in 2019, and the Māori rate of head capacity is expected to return to marginal capacity (second-line + technological change) in a state where there is a partial exit: 2) global photovoltaic demand growth over and over again.
Increase in the share of single crystals, and increase in the supply of and demand for perc battery tablets; 3) decrease in the contribution cost of the upstream single crystal silicon tablets: 4) increase in the efficiency of battery conversion to further spread the nonsilicon costs.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment