Large-scale planning for the expansion of production, the strengthening of leadership - Tungwee shares (600438) tracking reports: in recent days, companies have issued plans for the expansion of production, with multi-crystal silicon capacity to reach each of them by the end of 2020-2023
Tungway Group Limited, additional production capacity of 3.5-7000 tonnes per year for silicon, new production capacity using a completely new design concept, single-transita share (million shares)
Silicon, the cost of which is expected to decrease from the existing 5/4/30 million yuan/tonne to 4/3/t20,000/tonne. According to businesskorea, Korean multi-crystal silicon manufacturer Oci plans to close the market value of a share in circulation in February of this year (millions of yuan)
At its 52,000-ton plant in Korea, it and Han Hua are considering withdrawing from the market, and Vuck has plans to stop in the first half of 20 years of his 50,000-ton capacity in the United States. Overseas capacity is expected to withdraw, 100,000-ton capacity, China imports nearly 140,000 tons of polycrystal silicon in 2019, and domestic high-cost capacity.
As the production capacity of single-crystal silicon enterprises is not fully accounted for downstream, there is a significant shortfall in the supply of silicon in 20 years, possibly accompanied by price increases. Battery plates continue to expand significantly, with multiple technologies and future prospects: the company’s battery production at the end of 19th year.
20gw has become the world’s absolute leader in the battery chain. This is planned to add 15-20gw to the battery capacity each year, and all silicon silicons of 210 mm sizes and below of the new line, which has been further strengthened. The company’s cost control capabilities have been significantly higher than those of its peers.
Newly produced energy is expected to reduce non-silicon costs further to $0.18/w. On the selection of the technology path, perc goes three ways: perc+, topcon, hjt, and keeps the technology moving closely. Data cut-off date: 12.02.
(600438) Three-quarter review of silicon material will be fully planned, and the silicon and battery world leaders will be further consolidated and moved up to the “buy-in” evaluation.
Full production, battery profit at the bottom (600438) semi-annual review _aaa_ battery film contribution less than expected, equity pledge risk, etc.
As the epidemic continues, most of the country's silicon-producing enterprises, especially in developing countries.
The Xinjiang plant is facing a shortage of raw materials for silicon powder. On the one hand, due to the severity of the disease, staff members are restricted from returning to work, and the silicon mill has a lower rate of start-up; on the other hand, there is a problem with the supply of silicon powder, owing to the lack of inter-provincial traffic and logistical barriers; on the other hand, there is a problem with the transport of silicon powder.
The company operates uniquely. The factory of silicon is located in Mongolia and Sichuan Lai, where downstream customers of the browsing produce are also concentrated in non-epidemiological areas and are less affected.
Two, single-crystal silicon is about to expand the production cycle, silicon is out of production more than expansion, not fully counted, with a new production capacity of 58gw in 20 years. More than two years have passed since silicon plants began to build new capacity, with 47gw silicon and a silicon stick in Lungi alone, 20 years later, and a large increase in downstream silicon production will increase for silicon, especially.
The domestic silicon expansion peaked in 19 years, with an additional capacity of about 60,000 tons in 20 years. The domestic silicon production peaked in 19 years, with more than 150,000 tons of new and larger businesses and 500,000 tons of domestic silicon production.
The Silicon branch projects an additional 60,000 tons of silicon production capacity in the country in 20 years, mainly the 40,000 tons that the East wants and the 20,000 tons that Xinjiang has changed. The overseas silicon has announced a cut-off of 520,000 tons, and there is a cut-off plan for 50,000 tons.
In February of this year, China’s multi-crystal silicon manufacturer, 001, scheduled to shut down its 52,000-ton plant in South Korea, is planning to leave the market in conjunction with Han Wah, and Waque’s 50,000-ton production capacity in the United States is also planned to cease in the first half of 20 years, with overseas capacity expected to withdraw 100,000 tons. In 2019, China’s multi-crysilium imports were close to 140,000 tons, with a marked trend towards national production substitution.
High-cost domestic production capacity is expected to exit successively, leading to tight supply and demand. In 2020, there was a limited expansion of domestic multi-crystal silicon production, while overseas production, combined with some of the country’s lagging capacity, continued to withdraw, and prices are expected to recover this year as the multi-crysil silicon market is supplied.
Three, monocrystal replacement multi-crystals accelerate, backward production exits, monocrystal replacements accelerate, promoting single-crystal silicon consumption. As the photovoltaic market continues to grow, efficient batteries gradually dominate the market. The market share for single crystal batteries has increased in recent years, and the market share for single crystal silicone in 2018 has increased.
More than 40%. With the increasing share of monocrystal silicone, the difference in the price of the clinker used to produce multi-crysilica and the production of monocrysil silicon silicon, the lower-crystal silicon-silicon-based companies will exit the market because of the difference in profitability. The withdrawal of the backward production capacity is more conducive to the recovery of the silicone price.
The company's single crystal silicon is more than 85%, leading the industry. In a few production bases, Leysan's old product card has reached 90%, Leysan's new production is close to 90%, and its head is more than 85%. In the case of high single crystals, the total cost is still below $50,000, and both old and new production are profitable.
In a context where silicon prices are likely to rise, the company’s silicon plate level of profitability will rise dramatically. Yuan, considering the company’s increased capacity planning, further entrenches the silicon and battery world leader, taking into account the domestic and external production of silicon and exit plans, and the silicon chain’s competitive pattern will be reshaped to the full benefit of the company as the leader.
Up to the “buy-in” rating.