The company has recently developed a medium-term (2020-2023) development plan for high-purity crystal silicon and solar battery operations, which is expected to produce multiple crystal silicon.
In 2023, 22-29 million tons were reached, an increase of 14-21 million tons from the current 80,000 tons; solar cell production is expected to continue to fall in 2023, and the company’s share of silicon is expected to increase significantly. The company’s planned new production cost for silicon is to control production costs at 30-40 million yuan per ton, and cash costs at 20-30 million yuan per ton. This is a significant reduction in the company’s old production costs, which will allow the firm to compete.
At the end of 2019, 70 million tons of domestic polycrystal silicon were out of the market, 50,000 tons of the overseas giant Oci's production could be withdrawn in February this year, and Vuck would cut about 50% of the production capacity.
In terms of technology objectives, the company ' s expansion plan, which is expected to remain above 85%, is expected to produce 40-80% of the single crystal, and is capable of producing high-purity crystals at the electronic level. The non-silicon cost of the 30gw battery is expected to continue to fall.
The 30gw high-efficiency solar cell and the accompanying package are to be implemented in four phases, with a plan of four billion yuan each for the 15gw high-efficiency solar cell project and a plan of six billion yuan each for the three and four phases for the 75gw high-efficiency solar energy project.
The first 7.5gw project will be launched by March 2020 and will be completed in 2021, and the follow-up project will be gradually completed in the next 3-5 years, depending on the needs of the market. The new project will take into account the industrialization of new technologies in due course. In the case of perc+ and topcon technologies, the company is strengthening its research and development and demonstration, and the new project will provide for a follow-up technology modification space to enhance the value of the perc product;
In terms of hjt, the company will also promote industrialization in accordance with the development process of hjt technology in due course in the planning of this project. In terms of product size, the specifications will be fully compatible with the size of 210 and below. In terms of cost, the nonsilicon cost of perc products will be reduced to less than $0.18/w, a 28% decrease from the company’s current average nonsilicon cost of batteries.
In the medium term, companies are expected to invest tens of billions of dollars in large-scale expansion of production capacity for multi-crystal silicon and battery tablets, and to reduce production costs, including through technological adaptation, with strong advantages over competitors. With the gradual release of new capacity, silicon and battery market patterns are expected to change dramatically, with firms expected to become more dominant.
In this rating system, the “market index” refers to a depth 300 index. In the risk preference rating, products that do not involve a specific variety of recommendations and ratings are rated according to the market studied in the product, i.e. studies on the credit and derivative markets, with a base risk rating of high risk: studies on the market aspects of equities, equity-based funds, with a base risk rating of general risk; studies on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, currency-based funds and macroeconomic policies, etc.
This report is presented independently, objectively and to the extent that you know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is independent of the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.