Development plans to increase future investment in multi-crysilica and cellulose production until 2023.
From March 2020, it is planned to invest in the construction of 30gw high-efficiency solar cells and accompanying projects in Chengdu Golden Hall. Battery lines are built at m12, non-silicon-cost lead industries, and large-scale Hjt applications are approaching:
The 30gw Battery Project at the Tomway Hall was all designed in m12-210 mm silicon sizes and fitted down with 166, 163, 158, 156 silicon silicon specifications, which, despite an increase in investment in single-size equipment and a significant increase in production capacity of 55%, would have decreased if it included perc+ or topcon.
Equipment, 15gw monocrystal perc line and ancillary facilities in phases I and II, with a total investment of $8 billion and a single gw investment of only $533 million. The company ' s single crystal perc battery efficiency is over 23%, plus perc+ or topcon, with 24-24.5% efficiency, combined with continuous process improvements by the company as efficiency increases and investment decreases.
With fine management, the non-silicon cost of battery tablets will be reduced to $0.18/w, and most of the current non-silicon companies in the industry will continue to lead the industry at a significant cost of $0.3/w. The HJt process is planned for the third and fourth editions of the 15gw battery blades, and the company's 400mwhjt test-line tests are now working well after the maturity of the home-grown equipment.
The price of silicon has stabilized and is expected to rebound, the power cost has been high, and the expansion has absorbed the market share of high-price silicone: Korean silicon producer Oci has recently stopped production of 50,000 tons of Korean production due to price pressure, and Germany plans to put the United States on hold.
In 2019, the price of silicon material dropped significantly to 70,000 yuan per ton, and many years of growth, demand has recovered, domestic silicon prices have stabilized, and there is a risk of a rebound when the season comes. And the full cost of Tung Wailer and the headlines is less than 50,000 yuan per ton, and the ratio of silicon for single crystals is close to 90%.
This announcement is intended to reduce the full cost of new production to 40,000 yuan per ton, and to design it in accordance with electronic class requirements, with a future ratio of 40-80% of silicon for single crystals, a significant expansion of production to capture the market share of high-priced silicon and an upgrading of the company’s industrial position.
Profit projection and valuation: Despite the current low price of silicon and battery, expansion of production in the reverse cycle is expected to benefit from a discounted share (600438.sh).
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City