A strong confidence build-up, cost, technology industry leading, Sunk's 2023 target of 22-29 million tons of silicon production capacity, 80-100gw photovoltile battery.
The company signed an investment agreement with the People’s Government of Chengdu Kantang County to invest in a 30gw high-efficiency solar cell project in Chengdu County.
The company's heavy weight released the rules for the development of two major business plates: silicon and battery plates, 2020-2023, Convergence Group 80-100gw.
Revenue structure (2018a) and proposed technology pathways and cost targets for different links to achieve expansion, with technology and cost keeping industry at the forefront. As a leading firm in the field of silicon and battery tablets, companies will be in the future.
The city’s share is expected to rise further to 40-50%. Silicon cost control has worked well and profits will continue to improve.
The share of materials has exceeded 85%, the medium-term plan N is 40-80%, and is adjusted to market demand. The cost of silicon production and cash costs have continued to fall through the company’s advantages of continuous technology containment and fine-tuning management, and the target is to keep the cost of new production capacity at $340,000 per ton.
Gold costs are controlled at 20-30 thousand yuan per ton, optimizing 10,000 yuan per ton. As silicon prices continue to run low, solar multi-crystal silicon operations in overseas enterprises such as Oci and Hanhua are mostly in a state of loss, and companies are expected to cut off or even out of competition for high-cost overseas capacity in the future.
Imports are replaced by overseas capacity. As global light demand continues to grow, silicon supplies are expected to expand, battery-forming capacity expands, costs are ahead, technology reserves are well advanced, companies plan to expand their PV tablets at a 20gw/year rate, currently planned to be perc.
Mainly, the target is to reduce the non-silicon cost of perc products to less than $0.18/w, 40% below the industry’s current median level of about $0.3/w. This announcement was made at the 30gw battery film, which was invested in the capital county.
Accumulation. Not only is there a preponderance of price on the current mainstream p-perc battery, but there is also a focus on new product technology such as perc+, topcon, hjt, where the test line is 400mw in size and is in the forefront of the industry. The company plans to invest 30gw this time.
The production line also provides space for 15 gw hjt and the supporting facilities. At the same time, the company currently plans the production line to be based on m12 silicon sizes, and the non-silicon costs of the company's new technology products in the future will be as much as expected, the international trade situation will change, and the prices of silicon and battery chips will fall.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.