Successful transformation upgrades, innovative medicine and hair-triggered Chinese medicine (000963.sz) excellent management decision-making, innovation and internationalization strategies drive successful corporate transformation upgrades.
The China-dong medical stock system was changed to a market in 1993 and 2000, holding shareholders in a large Chinese conglomerate. This was preceded by a large monolithic strategy, with the core product of 100 billion yuan worth of capsules and Akapo sugar for the pharmaceutical industry, and by a significant slowdown in the rate of industrial growth since 2018, as a result of the collection policy.
The company’s management reviewed the situation and, through M&As, bd and self-researching measures, successfully transformed China East from a traditional pharmaceutical enterprise, dominated by generics, into a new pharmaceutical industry with internationalization of technology. And now, Chinese medicine is based on industrial counterfeits and commerce, and innovation.
The pharmacological line is fully and gradually entering the harvest period, medical and American operations are growing at a high rate internationally, and companies are re-entering the new rapid growth period. Industrial plates: stock operations are exposed, and innovation is on the rise.
Incorporation into the collection/health-care control fee, and stock exposure of business risks. In incremental operations, companies have continued to innovate in the form of endocrine, end-of-life and bio-like drugs in the three core treatment areas of oncology, through self-development, external introduction, project cooperation, etc.
There's a product layout. Lilaru immobilization has now been approved for diabetics and diet adaptives, elahere (adc for fr-α-positive ovarian cancer), Majualani (for late non-small cell lung cancer), arcalist (introduction product for cyclical syndrome caps), Uschi.
In the last two years, the market is expected to be approved, and innovative medicines will gradually enter the harvest. Medical beauty blocks: micro-inventive + zero-influencing + less full coverage, pipe-line steps into the harvest period. The company has 36 high-end products in the field of "inventive + micro-inventive" medicine worldwide, 24 of which are already on the market.
Product coverage and non-surgery mainstream areas such as body injection filling, energy source skin management, body plastics, etc.
The relative depth of 300 is expected to hit 1 billion + sales; maili urinary acid + wire + shell congee is advancing steadily; 2) Photovoltaic projects: cool snow, reaction 1q22, 6m2023 are marketed in the country, with multiple bodies.
Plastic + dermal management products are moving forward; 3) Lilalupi injection fluids are expected to grow in the area of weight reduction Industrial micro-organisms: project stocks are abundant and new blue sea industries are expanded. There are currently three micro-organisms research and development bases in China, China, East, India, and China, and the largest in Zhejiang Province.
The production capacity of micro-organisms leading in fermentation monomer workshops and industries has formed a complete manufacturing system for micro-organisms project development, mid-testing, commercial production, engineering and public utility systems.
Investment proposals: The company is a large-scale, integrated pharmaceutical company that collects medicines for research and development, production, distribution and development 2023-08-16, mid-2023.
It is expected that the new business of medical beauty and innovation will expand robustly and that innovation and internationalization will provide imagination for the medium- and long-term development of the company. We expect the company to report on its performance in the first quarter of 2023 - 2023 - 2023 - 04-21:
2023-04-16 Yearly review of Chinese medicine 2022: Industrial and commercial soundness, looking at the future of industrial micro-organisms and medical beauty.
The company, which has been re-incorporated, restructured and renamed since 1993, was listed in late 2000, with 100 capsules as its main product at the beginning of the market, invested in the construction of the Acapo Sugar Building Technology Development Project in April 2001 and officially entered the diabetes field in 2002, the first Acapo Sugar Country to be marketed. In 2013, 100 million yuan worth of capsules were sold; in 2014
The company acquired the remaining 25% of the C-C-C-C-W-W-W. In addition, in 2013 it cut into the medical track with agent Y-Won's urinary acid, acquired Sinclair in 2018 to build the base plate, and in 2019-2020 it acquired shares in the US R-2 company plus kylane Swiss company plus proxy jetema meat toxin, further enriching the product mix to build a differentiated and competitive medical pipeline.
Since its creation, after nearly 30 years of developing medicine in China, the company's operations have covered the entire industry chain of medicine, with the pharmaceutical industry as its main leader, while expanding the pharmaceutical business, the pharmaceutical industry and the industrial micro-organisms industry, which have evolved into a collection of medicines for research and development, production and distribution.
One large, integrated pharmaceutical companies are listed, and scientific innovation and internationalization continues to be promoted. Figure 2: Impacts of the company’s four major business plates, such as the loss of the Akapo sugar collection; recovery in 2021, with an increase of 2.61% compared to the previous year, with a decline in the net return to the mother.
The profits of 1,434 million yuan, an increase of 6.96 per cent over the same period, have also increased in recent years in terms of the size and share of corporate income from the pharmaceutical industry, from 24 per cent in 2017 to an annual decline of 10.99 percentage points), and the overall Māori rate and net interest rate levels of the company have been rising.
(i) Pharmaceutical commerce: continued deep-cultivation of the Zhejiang market, with a strong start in innovative business 2023h1 pharmaceutical commerce continuing to deep-plough the Zhejiang market, expanding out-of-hospital markets, accelerating the growth of agency operations, generating revenues of 13.631 billion yuan, an increase of 11.19 per cent, and cumulative net profits of 216 million yuan, an increase of 9.14 per cent.
In recent years, the pharmaceutical business portfolio, which has accounted for more than 60% of its income, has been the largest source of corporate business income, and in 2020, corporate pharmaceutical business income was affected by the epidemic, but the scale of sales and market share continued to hold the leading position in the pharmaceutical business in Zhejiang province. The company’s Māori ratio for pharmaceutical business has remained at over 6.6% over the long term, and we expect to see a cool chain of logistics as the impact of the epidemic subsides.
Corporate pharmaceutical business innovation focuses on product agents, triangular logistics, pharmaceutical power suppliers, and niche health. Corporate medicine businesses have a well-developed cold-chain logistics delivery service system and professional capacity, and cold-chain logistics delivery operations are at a national leadership level;
Innovative business models such as Total Development Agent, Business Hostage, btc Pharmacy, etc. foster innovative business; innovative service to suppliers and extension of service supply chains through new technologies such as Big Data, Artificial Power, Material Network, etc. The number of clients in the first half of 2022 increased from 49 to 56 during the same period last year, with Triangular logistics revenues increasing by 25.56 per cent over the same period, with cold chain revenues increasing by 31.66 per cent over the same period.
In a situation of normality, building on the rapid response and alignment practices of operations and management, as well as the strong supply chain support systems of pharmaceutical businesses, to open up new ways to respond to emergencies, further highlighting the advantages of multi-district, seamless links and a "one board" of business across the province during the epidemic. As of 2022, the company had 11 regional affiliates in Zhejiang province, covering 11 municipalities + 90 districts.
(ii) The pharmaceutical industry: stock business risks were cleared, i.e., a combination of thick and thin hairs. In the area of pharmaceutical manufacturing, the company ' s core product line is now dominated by cardiovascular, chronic kidney disease, transplant immunization, endocrine, digestion systems. In 2020, the company ' s pharmaceutical industry earned $11.4 billion, with a phased impact on the price reduction of priority products.
Actively overcoming fluctuations such as collection, price reductions in health-care negotiations, and the epidemic, production and operations have stabilized to a positive trend, with indicators of renewed growth and a steady and rapid increase in sales of core products and a gradual exit from the business effects of the collection of extraction prices. Middle East China has achieved operating income (including cso) of $6,054 million, or 10.04 per cent, and combined deductions have been achieved.
The pharmaceutical industry insists on innovative research and development, working in depth and strategically with advanced pharmaceutical firms, both domestic and foreign, to build a global research and development ring for medicine. In the adc area, companies continue to increase their diversity and depth.
Investing in antibody R & D production companies such as Quakers, adc connectors and mythology, Nolins, incubating Quetta organisms with the full product line of the adc drug toxin raw materials, holding a multi-platform R & D company, Doyle Bios, working with the global emerging technology company, Heidelbergpharma, in the adc field, to develop a stock investment and product-based partnership that is unique to Chinese medicine.
The global R & D biosphere, building up a differentiated adc autonomous R & D platform, creating a strong innovation chain for superior oncology products and an ecological chain in the adc field, plans to develop, within three years, no less than 10 innovative products for adc and actively promote registered clinical research. We believe that the innovation varieties that companies may be listed in the last two years include:
(a) 1elahereTMadc medication (for fr-α-positive ovarian cancer): an application is expected to be submitted within the year;
(a) 4hd-np-102 (assembly of medicines to measure renal ball filtering): in July 2022, Nmpa officially accepted the system ' s application for registration of medical devices, which is currently in the review phase, and the mb-102 injection fluid was submitted by China ' s Prenda in April this year, the pma in the United States in June, and the fda officially accepted the application in July;
(a) Lilalupu (biologically similar drug): Diabetes adaptation was approved for listing in March of this year, and obesity/overweight adaptive disorder was also introduced in 6 sinol resistance (biologically similar drug): the iii clinical trial was completed and reached the main end of the study, and the application for bla was submitted in August of this year;
7bcmacar-t (repeated, difficult to treat multiple osteoporomas): 22 years have passed, and it is expected that the risk of stock operations will be largely cleared by 2023, with new items on the market providing dynamic growth. Looking forward, in 2023 and beyond, Acapose sugar and 100 capsules will be stable, and whether to include McCophenol in the 7th batch, taking into account the patient ' s risk of changing medications, and the amount and drop.
The impact of prices is relatively manageable. Since then, the company has seen more than 60% of its stock (income as a percentage of income) being collected or reduced, stock operations are exposed to risks (residual varieties are sold on a smaller scale, exclusive or do not meet the conditions for collection). On the other hand, new items such as Lilarupine, Agritine, and ephedra have been placed on the market, contributing to an increase in performance.
(iii) Medical beauty: the product matrix is rich, leading companies to develop new engines. In 2013, the Yvonne-Libric Acid Filler, which represents lig chemistry in Korea, went into the medical beauty field; it has since continued to enrich the internationalized medical beauty product line, expanding the internationalization and specialized medical beauty marketing platform, through acquisition, equity participation, agency cooperation, etc.
Acquisition of Sinclair and acquisition of a portfolio of products from the United Kingdom in 2018, including skin fillers of llanse (Iyanse) pcl-containing microballs, silhouetteme beauty line series, perfectha urinate fillers, etc., thus laying the foundation of the medical merchandise block, Figure 15: The company ' s history of developing the medical plywood plate
Corporate Medico-American earnings have been growing rapidly overall. International Medico-American operations fell by 37.32% in 2020 as a result of the new coronary epidemic. 2023H1’s domestic and international medical-American operations have continued to deepen their domestic and international dual-cycle development strategy.
Long 36.40%. The full capital subsidiary, Sinclair, has seized on the favourable background of the continued recovery of the overseas medical and American consumer markets, quelling the effects of high inflation in global markets and rising costs of raw materials and energy, actively combining enabling capacities through injection and ebd operations, combined operating income of Pound76.29 million (approximately RMB 669 million) from 2023h1, an increase of 26.07% over the same period.
Now £12.6 million for operating profit. We expect that with the opening of the global market, Sinclair as a whole will continue its rapid growth trend (the net loss of profit on its statement in 2021 was due mainly to non-operational factors such as the cost of mergers and acquisitions, financial costs and amortization of assets).
The company, relying on the Sinclair Medical Science Platform abroad, has achieved a complete distribution of the medical industry chain with +PV. At present, non-surgery mainstream areas such as the Chinese doctor, U.S.-American Portfolio of Fine Products, body plastics, wires, energy source devices, etc., have developed differentiated and transparent sodium sodium sodium sodium acid product combinations, pyroprotein stimulants, a type of meat toxin, plant wires, energy source equipment.
In the case of injected-type products, the headlines were launched, followed by heavy-pound products such as e-maili urinate, silhouette, and shell sugar: in the case of photovoltaic projects, emphasis was placed on skin whiteness and body plastics, the snow (f0) had landed on China’s mainland at 22o1, and the cooltech series of frozen soluble resins had been registered successively in the v series of body plastics.
The former company already had a full product line of injection + photovoltaic, and the medically fine plate was in the cash run. Second, industrial stock products: risk clearance, etc., and sales were expected to pick up steadily (i) 100 million capsules: prices were at the bottom, and markets were expanding both inside and outside the courthouse.
The company has three products: 100% caps, 100% grains, and 100% tablets (the new medicine institute of the Hangzhou East Medicine Group Ltd. in 2018). Of the above three products, 100% capsules, 100% granules are unique products and agents of Hang, China, China, and there are three manufacturers of 100%: Mid-American, China, China, Blue Sea Jug Peak, Winter Wormish Herbs and Smoke.
One hundred thousand capsules, one of the main products of China and China's East, entered the class of 1 billion yuan in Chinese medicine in 2013, and in July 2016 the 1,200 tons of fermented winter weed powder project was officially launched. The 100 million capsules were sold on a scale of over 2 billion yuan, with sales reaching more than 3 billion yuan in 2019-2020. In 2020, 100 million capsules entered medicine.
33.8 per cent and 33 per cent lower than the national minimum health-care payment price, which led to a better income forecast for the 100 orders series in 2021, after health-care negotiations and baptism. Company product centules in 2021 (specify: 0.44g) were purchased by the inter-provincial drug union in 19 provinces (districts, municipalities) including Hubei.
The winning price is $34.20 per box (number of packages: 36), and the winning price is expected to bring about a better increase. In addition, the public order series of products are entering into health-care negotiations and purchases, moving into the central hospital market, which will further increase the economics and accessibility of medicines used by patients, thereby contributing to a further increase in the number and sale of medicines.
A stable population of slow-disease drugs and a large number of self-funded people has gradually increased their self-funded market share, and the company’s 100 orders series of products, based on a sound market base outside and outside the compound, will meet better income expectations. (ii) Acapo sugar: a renewed bid collection is expected to restore the market share.
Acarbose is a alpha-glucose enzyme inhibitor that slows the hydrolysis of multi-sugar compounds, such as starch powder, controls post-dinner blood sugar levels and reduces the effect of sugar-based hemoglobin. The Acarbose film was developed by Bayer, first listed in Germany in 1990, and was approved in our country in 1994 as one of the main products in the field of diabetes drugs, and also in the country.
One of the best-selling oral sugar pills on the market, according to Minnet, sold acetose sugar at $8.4 billion in 2018, peaked at $9.6 billion in 2019, of which more than $5.2 billion was sold in the courtyard, which is known as the "pharmacist" of oral sugar medicine.
After a sharp drop in market sales, sales fell from 55 per cent to 2.3 billion yuan in 2020; sales in 2021. A second round of State-organized drug centralization was conducted in 2020, involving four countries, namely, China, China, China, green leaf pharmaceuticals, Fowon medicine, and original Bayer. Eventually, the company selected for the drug centralization was Bayer.
And green leaf pharmaceuticals, of which Akapo sugar tablets in Bayer were selected for a price of 0.1807, representing a drop of 92 per cent from the average price of $2.28 in 2019, and Akapopos capsules for green leaf pharmaceuticals, a decrease of 0.32 per grain, a decrease of 76 per cent from the average price of 1.36 in 2019. Unforeseen low prices for the original drugs led to the company's direct exit, with the company offering the highest price of 0.465 per pill in four enterprises.
In 2019, Bayer and China-China-East accounted for a major share of sales. Bayer was ranked first in 2021 and 2022, with sales of 57% and 58%, respectively, in China-China-East and Sichuan-Green Leaf, respectively.
In the second and third places, the share of sales in East China was about 22% in 2021 and 21% in 2022 respectively. In 2021, Akapo chewers took part in negotiations for the renewal of health insurance, with a new health care payment rate of 0.465 yuan (50 mg per piece), which is 38% lower than the price of health insurance payments in the country before.
Figure 22: Acapo sample hospital sales in 2019-2022 as a percentage of Acapo sample hospital sales in 2019-2022
The company has also successfully renewed the 2022 Acapo Sugar 13 provincial union, with a winning price of 0.18 (50 mg/sc) and a guaranteed market for the future, with a minimum price for the company, and no follow-up for the company, for the long term.
(iii) Other stock varieties: smaller volume or no risk of extraction Company product thorium injection winning in the fourth round, with a winning price of $2.56 (40 mg/bottle) and a price decrease of more than 90 per cent, carried out continuously in Jilin, Jiangsu, Henan, Guangxi, Sichuan and Yunnan provinces in April-May 2021
All right, there's some impact on the company's sales of platinum injections and capsules. In 2022, the boot pickers were dropped, sales out of the yard were expected to be even, and sales of the varieties were expected to be close to pre-harvest levels, plus overseas sales earnings.
The collection of bids and the successful award of the bid, which began in late 2022, has since experienced the collection or reduction of more than 60% of the company's stock, although some of the products may still be under pressure, and the collection effects have gradually diminished as a result of the relatively low per capita income ratio, which has now led the company to move out of the pits.
In the coming years, stock-based product collection pressures will gradually diminish, and as innovative products are marketed and industrial microbes and global beauty care plates are flowered, companies will gradually be better off at the end of their business, with both income and performance improving.
Focusing on the three main areas of anti-cancer, sugar, and self-exclusion, the innovation line is fully advanced. The company’s innovation line is based on traditional areas of advantage, such as sugar, self-absorption, and is expanding in the direction of anti-cancer. Eight products are currently in the post-clinical phase/commercialization phase and are accelerating the development of pre-clinical products.
Imgn853: the first global drug against folic acid receptor α (fr-α) adc
Imgn853 is the world’s first adc candidate for folic acid receptor α (fr-α) developed by Chinese medicine in collaboration with the United States. In October 2020, the company received a share of sales of the agreed share of $40 million in initial payments, up to $265 million in milestone payments, and the greater Chinese interest in imgn853 (fr-α-adc). China joined the global multi-centre ii.
Imgn853 is made of fr-α-combined antibodies, merdon-wood bioalkali dm4, and connects to the combs. Immunogen innovates by introducing two methyls at the alpha-bit point of the dithulfur key and improving the aqueous properties of the link by introducing a sulfur aki.
In the early stages of research and development, drugs are found to be too unstable in the plasma cycle. They are among the world ' s first products (first-in-class). Figure 24: molecular structure of imgn853.
In November 2022, fda approved the listing of elahere for treatment of fr-α-positive ovarian cancers, tubal cancers, or adult patients with primary peritoneal cancers, which were treated on the entire body of 1 to 3 lines. The marketing was fast, with sales of $2.6 million in 2022 and sales of $107 million in the first half of 2023, which benefited the first year of its expected excellent treatment.
The clinical iiii study recruited 453 ovarian patients with platinum chemotherapy resistant medications, all of whom received 1 to 3 line ovarian treatment. As of 6 March 2023, the visit period was 13.1 months, while 14% of the Imgn853 patients were still receiving treatment, compared to 3% of the chemist group.
The results showed that mpfs for Imgn853 group and chemist group patients were 5.62vs3.98 months, hr 0.65 (p<0.0001); moss was 16.46vs12.75 months and hr 0.67 (p=0.0046); orr was 42.3% vs15.9%; in the area of safety, imgn853 is better than chemotherapy, imgn853 and chemotherapy group .30 degrees teae
Incidences were 42 per cent vs. 54 per cent, severe adverse response rates were 24 per cent vs. 33 per cent, and the detoxification rate caused by teae was 9 per cent vs. Figure 25: imgn853 clinical iii research mirasol topline data
Main endpoint platinum resistance disease (pfi fr alpha high only)
Pfshr0.65 (p<0.0001) Allows the use of past beverage monopolistic resistance. Allows the use of past parapi.
It represents a 35% reduction in tumor progress or risk of death.
Even on the first line, on the second line, on the third line, on the second line, on the second, on the second, on the second, on the second, on the second, on the second, on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second on the second
A reduction of 33 per cent in the risk of death; 15.9 per cent for the chemotherapy group; and medium-visited in 204 0s incidents
12 cr (5.3%), in the chemotherapy group, the probability of elahere being less than in chemotherapy: • Level 3 or more teaes (42% vs. 54%)
Serious teae (24 per cent vs. 33 per cent) led to a dedose (9 per cent vs. 16 per cent) and a single drug and a combination of therapy for platinum-sensitive ovarian cancers expressed in fr-α are also clinically studied.
The clinical ii study assessed the efficacy of the treatment of platinum-sensitive ovarian cancer in fr\alpha high ovarian cancer and is recruiting the patient. The clinical ii study assessed the mgn853+ card and then continued to treat fr853 medium, low or high.
Expression of therapeutic effects of patients with cyst-sensitive cancer. Figure 26: other clinical studies of imgn853
Single therapy, combination therapy, combination therapy.
fr-α expresses a sensitive single arm ii imgn853 + bellow imgn853 + carpium
fr alpha expression platinum sensitivity randomly frα low, medium and high expression platinum ii sensitive single-arm ii experiments
• It is expected to expand adaptation in 2024 — significant activity — 24 months in mdor
(7/11); 2crsand sensitive ovarian carcinoma mpfs
Highly active • 69% orr (11/16), mpfs
mdor, 16/05 mpfs • 52% orr (n=62), mpfs
2.hdp-101 and hdp-103: Focus on Multi-Multidominal Imbuloma + Prostate Cancer. On 27 February 2022, the company signed an equity investment agreement with heidelbergpharma and an exclusive product licensing agreement, which will buy 35% of the heidelbergpharma total equity in the amount of €105 million and receive heidelbergpharma in research.
Products hdp-101 (bcma, multiple osteoporoma, overseas clinical 1/2a) and hdp-103 (psma, mcrpc, pre-clinical) exclusive development and commercialization interests in 20 Asian countries and regions, under Hdp-102 (cd37, non-ho Qigin lymphoma, pre-clinical), hdp-104 exclusive choice (opt-in), and 2 subsequent excellent products
Figure 27: The company works with heidelbergpharma in the form of heidelberg pharmaceuticals, which for many years have been working on the development of tacs (antibodies - glucose platinum combs), its exclusive tac
The platform has successfully developed geese platinum and its derivatives for cancer treatment, and the toxin is used to inhibit the use of rna polymeraseii, leading to cell failure. Compared to traditional drugs, geese platinum is so watery that it can effectively reduce the concentration of tac, its accumulation in other tissues, and the cytological toxicity of drifting toxins is significantly reduced, and hepatic toxicity is reduced.
Hdp-101 is the aac drug for the b-cell mature antigen (bcma) with a co-location point of aa1. Figure 29: hdp-101 structure map
Preclinical data show that hdp-101 has a strong in vitro anti-cancer activity, and even at very low doses rats have been able to fully mitigate the model of multiple osteoporoma. The i/iia external clinical trial for relapsing/resistible treatment of multiple osteoporomas is currently under way, and the first test was completed on February 15, 2022.
Figure 30: Toxic effects of hdp-101 on different bcma cell families. It is expected that this year Hdp-101 will publish safety data for the first phase of the clinical phase, determine the ii recommended dose (rp2d) in 2024 and initiate the iia phase, 2025 for the bla evaluation accelerated approval programme, 2026 for the fda submission of bla for approval
Figure 32: Hdp-101 Multi-occupancy Clinical Development Plan 3. Zevoki Olensay Injection fluid: bcmacar-t products expected to be approved during the year.
t-products. In October 2022, an application for a licence to market the Zewoki Orrensi injection fluid was accepted by the National Drug Control Service and incorporated into a priority review process, which is expected to be approved for listing by the end of the year, and no similar product is currently listed in the country.
Under the terms of the agreement, Chinese medicine will pay a down payment of RMB 200 million, as well as a milestone payment of up to RMB 1,025 million for registration and sale. The Kozi pharmaceutical industry will continue to be responsible for the development, registration and production of c$053 in mainland China.
Figure 33 Clinical data for the lumicarstudy2ii injection liquid in Zevoki Orensai: lumicarstudy2phase2: preliminarydatasuggesta best-in-classprofileinthesiscompetitiveofficiency
Multiple osteoporoma is the second most common malignant in the blood system, with huge unmet clinical needs. The results of the Lummicarstudy 2ii clinical results show that out of 11 assessable patients visited, at least eight weeks ago, 4 cases were accompanied by emd (multi-molar osteoma) and 11 cases had an objective mitigation rate of 100%.
In line, the duration of the median no-progress survival period, the median survival period and the medium-mitigation period has not been reached, and the full mitigation/restrictive completion rate is not yet ripe. All patients with mrd (micro-residual) results in the fourth quarter are released with no death, level 3 or higher cell factors in second-generation mrd safety.
In the case of toxic treatment, only 5/17 (29%) of patients were treated with toads, and only 1 (5.9%) of patients were treated with glucose hormones.
4. McWaldney: The second generation of egfr-tki, who was included in breakout therapy, is a new generation of egfr-tki, with good clinical efficacy and safety for common egfr mutation patients. In November 2021, data from an open, single-arm, multi-centre study on a 1b/2 issue showed 106 egfr mutations mutandis iiib--
The overall objective mitigation rate (orr) for patients in iv Nsclc reached 84.9 per cent and the disease control rate (dcr) was 97.2 per cent, mainly in the study endpoints with a median no-progress survival period of 15.4 months and a median total survival period of 31.6 months (os). 29 per cent of patients had a baseline brain transfer, while the number of patients in this group also reached 87.1 per cent, pss 12.8 months and os 25.2 months.
Current clinical studies have found that McWallani is active in both common and rare egfr subtypes. Based on its positive benefits in survival, McWallani may be the best egfr-tki to treat rare egfr mutations.
Another two-stage open label, single arm, multi-centre study (chictr 2000029058) showed that 21 patients were treated with a daily oral dose of 80 mg per day as first-line treatment, with a rare egfr mutagenic sequence and a sub-group orr of 85.7%, orr of g719x patients (n=17) and a median no-progress survival period (pfs) of 94.1% and 20.6 months, respectively.
Orr and medium pfs of patients (n=4) were 75.0 per cent and 18.7 months respectively, orr and middle pfs of patients (n=7) 768i were 71.4 per cent and 20.6 months, respectively. As of 31 December 2021, the median follow-up period was 26.7 months. The median pfs was 20.6 months.
At present, the Majuadians have been included in the ground-breaking treatments in May of this year (with the rare late-stage non-minus lung cancer of dry egfr). Another ongoing clinical trial for late-stage non-small-cell lung cancer of egfr for sensitive mutation has been completed in July 2023, with the pfs events of the ii study, and a listing application is being submitted during the year.
(ii) Sugar: the full-line layout of the targets varies considerably from the country ' s market structure for diabetics to the world. Insulin and its analogues were the first group in the domestic market for diabetics in 2020, accounting for up to 45.1 per cent, followed by traditional oral sugars, such as dichotomy and alpha-sugar enzyme inhibitors, respectively.
urinary drugs account for 13.2%, 12.1%, and the three main groups for more than 70% of the total. Compared to the foreign markets for dpp-4 inhibitors, sglt-2 inhibitors and new types of drugs in the glp-1 receptor agonists, the domestic market is more likely to be in the early stages of entry, with a lower overall penetration rate and higher market potential than the foreign markets.
The company is currently developing a comprehensive layout of the innovative and differentiated generic pharmaceutical product tubes from the three dimensions of imitation + innovation + biomoleculars, a product matrix for incremental upgrading of the core treatment targets and the full layout of the clinical mainstream drugs, with existing and follow-up upgrading products covering -smelt enzyme inhibitors, dpp-4 (diposite enzyme v inhibitors), sglt--
Insulin and its analogues are the two main clinical targets: glucose-dependent insulin polythers, insulin and its analogues, and figure 37: company sugar-reducing product lines (as of August 2023) 1.dpp-4: Agritine
Algretine phenylacetic acid (Nishina) is a Chinese-sanctioned Dpp-4 inhibitor for type 2 diabetes treated in Wuda. This drug is primarily to neutralize the effects of dpp-4 on insulin multipolymer-1, i.e. glp-1, which stimulates the secretion of insulin. In October 2021, the company announced possession of Nichina in the Chinese region.
In terms of commercial interests, Wudang will continue to be responsible for the production and supply of Nihina. According to the medical magic database, the annual sales of dpp-4 target drugs have continued to increase steadily since 2016, with the same increase reaching 140% in 2018.
At present, competition among original domestic research, imitation, complex formulations, etc., has resulted in the approval of a total of 7 paragraphs of dpp-4 inhibitors, including 6 new drugs (all developed by foreign companies and already on the market for more than 40 generics), and a paragraph 1 on the cogletine imitation (formerly developed by the Japanese Takeda, 2015 but not declared domestically), which was listed by the Collen Pharmaceuticals industry in March of this year.
There are also more studies on multiple formulations of target drugs, especially those used in combination with two accelerates, which have been marketed in the country in four parts of the country. The treatment of sugar in Agretedine has been very effective, and the management of blood sugar for diabetic patients has been significant.
Drug treatments can reduce hba1c by 0.75%, empty abdominal blood sugar (fpg) by 1.07mol/l, followed by post-dinner blood sugar (ppg) by 2.42mol/l4. Agretine's treatments are equally excellent for joint treatments. 83 rcts (approximately 50,000 people) are targeted
The meta analysis shows that the Hba1c (hba1c < 7%) is better than the Hba1c (Hba1c > 7%) and is significantly better than the Shagletine 2A (Pdma, Fda, EUema) compared to the treatment of only 2-A. Agretin has been approved by Japan.
Since the patent is still in force, there are only original products on the domestic market for phenylacetic acid. Pharmacy Network data show that in 2022, phenylacetic acids were sold at 250 million yuan in the domestic sample hospital.
With 65% growth, China’s market sales have been relatively low, and promotion has been poor. In the future, Chinese medicine will be responsible for the commercialization of the Agretin region. We believe that, while the Agretin patent will expire in 2024 and will face competition for generic pharmaceuticals, it will be a commercial species that has been incorporated into health care and that is likely to be successfully married to China’s channel, which will be rapidly released in 23-25 years.
glp-1 is a intestinal hormone coded by the human insulin gene and secreted by intestinal intestinal l-cells and belongs to the intestinal insulin family. Generally speaking, glp-1ra promotes insulin (low sugar) secretion, inhibits insulin (low sugar) secretion. By relying on glucose concentrations, glp-1ra reduces the risk of low blood sugar.
But the natural glp-1 half-life is short, three to five minutes, and it's not pharmaceutical. So the first thing to do with the development of glp-1ra is to extend half-life. In terms of available drugs, there are currently two types of drugs in the industry, which also form two types of drugs, short- and long-lasting.
In 2010, Fda approved the treatment of adult diabetic type II, approved in 2017 to reduce the major cardiovascular malpractices among adult diabetic type II patients, and in 2019 approved the treatment of sugar type ii for children over 10 years of age.
urinary diseases. Lilarupine entered the domestic market in 2011, but sales grew slowly owing to high prices, and with the introduction of health insurance in 2017, the domestic market for Lilalupi injectable fluids expanded rapidly, with sales increasing from 150 million yuan in 2013 to 2022 yuan, a 19.5% decline in comparison, mainly due to the crowding up of other competitive products.
One of the highest glp-1 receptor agonists in the country. Lirrupine is currently being sold mainly as an original pharmaceutical product, the national substitution space, the patent for domestic compounds expired in August 2017, and the crystal patent expired in 2022. Nine source genes (Hushu) launched and successfully launched the Lyrrupian patent challenge against Nord and Nord in 2018, which was approved by the Drug Enforcement Authority, and pharmaceutical companies.
Clinical progress, imitation of Lilalupi injection fluids was most advanced by the nine-source gene (Watton Medicine), sugar drops at the end of March 2023, and fertility reduction adaptive disorders at the beginning of July; in 2017, the company imported glp-1rattp273 from the United States of America, which is currently in clinical ii; and Smegrum's core patent came in.
On 23 June 2022, the company announced a strategic collaboration with the Middle East-renowned firm gulffarmaceuticalindustriespjsc (hereinafter: Julphar), which will be adapting to diabetic mellitus and diets from Lylalupine.
According to the agreement, the Chinese medicine will receive an initial payment, a milestone payment for development and registration, and a share of the agreed net sales. Lilaru's injection fluid will become the company's second overseas authorized product, marking a new gain in its capacity to develop and innovate in the field of diabetes.
The company hdm1002 is an innovative small molecular drug developed autonomously by the East of Central America and with global intellectual property rights. It is a highly activated glp-1 receptor that induces glyphosate glands (camp), which has strong effects in improving sugar tolerance, reducing sugar and reducing heavy effects, and shows good safety. In May 2023, Hdm1002 domestic and US ind applications were received.
To date, no oral molecule glp-1 receptor agonists have been marketed globally, and the approval of this Hdm1002 clinical trials in the United States and China will further enrich the company ' s product pipeline in the area of endocrine treatment and accelerate the company ' s integration into the global innovative pharmaceutical industry.
(iii) Self-exemption: Global self-immune diseases such as silver scrap disease, sle and cardiovascular disease, which contain more than 100 types of disease, are the second largest market after neoplasms, with frost&sullivan predicting a global market size of $163.8 billion by 2030 and a domestic market size.
A total of $24.1 billion. The self-exempt area of medicine, which is the focus of the company, began to enrich the research and development pipeline from 2020 to 2020 with the introduction of the Xinjin Bis (a listing application from ipo, submitted to Hong Kong in March 2023), and in February 2021 with the introduction of cd32b&cd79b in partnership with the Provention-bio, and in February 2022 with Kiniksa.
In August of this year, the company arcutisbiotherapeteurics has obtained a strategic cooperation and licensing agreement for the development, production and commercialization of a local drug, roflumilast, in the Greater Central China Region and in South-East Asia.
Currently, Ussinol resistance is approved in the United States for treatment: 1) adults with moderate to severe filamental disease and children aged six and over; 2) adults with active silver chip disease arthritis and children aged six and over; 3) adults with moderate to severe active Crohn disease; and 4) adults with moderate to severe active ulcer colonitis.
According to the drug melting cloud, Uscona was sold at $9,723 million in 2022, an increase of 18.82%. At present, Usils still have a great market potential for treating silver chip disease, and it is expected that the global market for silver chip treatment will reach a level that will be marketed in the country in the month through accelerated approval, applying to traditional treatments or tnf-resistance responses that are inadequate, unresponsive or unable to respond.
On 3 December 2021, the National Health Insurance Service published the National Directory of Essential Medical, Industrial and Maternity Insurance Medicines (2021 editions), in which the Usino policy was incorporated into the National Health Insurance Directory. In June of this year, children and young people aged 6 years and over were admitted to the Uscona anti-injection system for the treatment of middle-heavy silver chips.
The 2021 version of the Health Insurance Directory was launched on 1 January 2022, and the sales of Usino policy resistance, which has been incorporated into the health care system, are likely to increase significantly again. According to the Medicine Melting Clouds database, the country’s Usino policy resistance is at a market development stage, and the drug was sold for the first time in the first three quarters of 2022 for hundreds of millions of yuan.
qx001s Injecting fluids were the first global anti-injection organism-like drug in a clinical study in Usinol, which ended in early 2020 with the results reaching all the major and secondary endpoints foreseen. Based on the results of the i-stage, qx001s quickly started the ii-clinical study on the adaptiveness to silverdust.
90 per cent of the geometric mean ratio of cmax, auc0-t and auc0-inf, declared in mid-2023, qx001s and Ussin, respectively: 100.90 per cent ~ 118.68 per cent, 98.71 per cent ~ 115.26 per cent, 98.49 per cent ~ 115.81 per cent, all of which fall to the required equivalent of 80.00 per cent ~ 125.00 per cent
At present, in addition to Hwadong medicine and Xinyu, there is a clinical trial of Uxin antibiotic analogues conducted by Bhuotai, the Stone Group giant. Of these, the company qx001s, in collaboration with the Xinyu creature, completed the iii clinical trial in May 2021.
In August 2023, the tester was declared on the market. In July 2021, the first patient delivery was completed for the Bat 2206 Global iii. In July 2021, the giant rock creatures applied for the I phase. qx001s of Chinese medicine is leading the way in clinical progress and is expected to be the first to break the Uxun policy against a single species sold in the global market since it was listed.
2.prv-3279: Treatment of sle and reduction of genes for immunopathological systemic red firosis (systemiclupuserythematosus, sle) is a systemic autoimmune disease with its entire body.
The number of patients in the mainland region rose from 995,000 in 2015 to 1,028,000 in 2019, representing an annual compound increase of 0.8 per cent, and it is expected that the number of patients in the mainland region will reach 10,783 million in 2025.
Current sle treatments include multiple drugs such as sugar leather hormones, antimalarial drugs, immunosuppressants and biological agents, and the efficacy and adverse effects of various types of medicines vary widely. For non-prescriptive sle patients, the long-term use of hydrochlorinated naphthalenes is recommended as a basic treatment.
The use of an immunosuppressant is recommended for those sle patients who suffer from poor treatment of hydroxyl chloride, or who are unable to adjust the hormone dose to a relative safe dose. For those sle patients who are treated with hormones and/or immunosuppressants who are ineffective, intolerant, or relapsed, biological agents may be considered for treatment.
Biological agents can significantly increase the patient's total and partial mitigation rate. Biopharmaceuticals, based on their efficacy and safety advantages, are less competitive against the current domestic Thai-Sip and Glaxo-Sk.
In March 2021, Thai-Sip was approved for listing in the country on the basis of ii clinical data, and in 2021, a milestone payment was granted to the United States provention company, prv-3279 for the treatment of sle and for the reduction of the rights and interests of the Great China (China mainland, Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan) of two immune-resilient diseases.
Antibodies, target to b-cell surface proteins cd32b and cd79b. Preclinical and clinical trials show that prv-3279 can counter the production of b-cell function and self-resistance, but does not cause b-cell depletion and good tolerance. Provenion announced the launch of 2a Preval-2 study (nct05087628) in February 2022, assessing prv-
In the study, short-term steroid induction responses for moderate-to-heavy sle patients are then randomly distributed to prv-3279 or placebot treatment (four weeks, five months), followed by eight weeks of treatment and safety follow-up to monitor relapses. The study will be conducted in the United States and Hong Kong, China.
In April 2023, the Washington Medical Bulletin stated that it had approved an application for a clinical trial for a new type 1 drug, hdm 3002 (prv-3279)iia. For the United States, patient screening was initiated, with the goal of identifying about 100 sle adult patients to be integrated into the group, with a monthly payout of prv-3279 or placebo treatment for six months, with the main results assessed over 24 weeks.
3.arcaryst: The first fda approves treatment for repeat heart disease, arcallyst (rilonacept) is a white cell medium-1 (il-1-α) and a white cell medium-1 (il-1-beta) cell factor. As a soluble induction receptor, it combines il-1-α and il-1-beta and prevents its appearance with cell surface receptors.
(a) Interact to prevent il-1-guided inflammation signals.Figure 52: arcallystété (rilonacept) major adaptives include: 1) treatment of re-emerging cardiovascular disease (recurrentpericarditis).
rp) and reduce the risk of relapse for adults and children aged 12 and over; 2) treatment of cold cyclical syndromes (caps) associated with adults and children aged 12 and over, including family cold self-inflammation syndrome (fcas) and muckle-wells syndrome (mws); 3) deficiency of albedo-1 antigens (dira) for children and adults with 10kg body weight
This year, Chinese medicine submitted to cde an application for treatment of pre-bla for caps, and plans to submit blazens in the country in the second half of this year.
The country’s caps, dira, are relatively rare adaptive, with fewer patients, but the number of rp adaptives in China is higher. In 2022, the global market for cardiovascular treatment could reach $3.6 billion, and is expected to grow at a compound annual rate of 5.24% in the future, reaching $6 billion by 2032.
Figure 54: The size of the global market for cardiovascular disease (in millions of United States dollars)
In addition, it has a medium response time of five days, with a treatment response rate of 97 per cent, and a 96 per cent reduction in the risk of repeated cardiovascular infections in patients assigned to an arcalist.
Arcallysté has been determined by fda to be the orphan drug, and according to the bi-quarterly financial report published by Kiniksa, arcalest has sold $54.5 million overseas in the second quarter and $122.5 million in the first half of the year. At the end of June 2023, Chinese pre-bla, arcalist, was handed over.
Figure 57: Arcallyst Re-emerging Income from Global Sales of Carbitis (US$ million) IV. Medico-Americans: Through acquisitions and agency coverage of urinary acid + regenerative + fat loss + photovoltaic since the successful takeover of Sinclair in 2018, companies have been actively introducing high-tech innovations in the field of medicine worldwide
Products, new technologies, the creation of high-end, differentiated medical brands and product clusters, as of now a differentiated and transparent sodium sodium sodium sodium, whole product combinations, pyroprotein stimulators, a type of botulinum toxin, plant wires, energy source devices, etc., are among the many non-surgical mainstream medical beauty products, for which the rich product line layout is key to sustaining the growth of corporate sales.
The company has the most abundant product line layouts, injection agents and instrumentation, which are among the main medical products at present: injection preparations, which include various suburbic acid products, reproductive needles, dietary platinum, (meat toxin), shell congee; in addition, it has medical instrumentation equipment, including cold-fats cooltech, turquoises, etc.
(i) Filling: llanse female needles Filling products include, inter alia, boulic acid (transparent acid), regenerative needles and plyon proteins, 25.4 billion yuan in 2021 in 2027, 74.9 billion yuan in 2027, and 20 per cent in 2021-2027 cagr.
According to Frost Sullivan, the market size of injections of boulic acid in 2020 (priced, only statistical compliance market) was 4.9 billion, with a combined increase of 19.5 per cent in 2016-2020, which will be maintained at a higher rate in the future, with a combined increase of 2021e-2030e, a transparent share of the market for acids, plyon proteins, and new regenerative needle products such as polyroclamated cortex fillers (coupled needles, small quantities)
Female needles, etc.) products are expected to grow at a high rate, with the market size of 2030e expected to reach $7.1 billion, and 2021e-2030e is expected to be back in 2021e-2030e: Filling + plastic + gel freshener. The llanse needle is a gelatin regenerative filler that is designed to deal with the problem of facial coiling due to the lack of gel protein and bone capacity. The two main components are mainly 30% pcl (combined persa)
The cmc (methyl cellulose) is a water solubility made of natural plants, gels, often used in eye water. The cmc has a good fluid properties that hold the wrinkles together. The pcl (polymethrin) is a protein line, which is often used for wound dressings, sutures, etc., is a powerful protein regenerator.
It stimulates the growth of the human body's own gel proteins. Yeon-sheng usually injects the subcutaneous fat layer and the vinyl so that cc can achieve the significant effect of immediate filling; and cc can also fix pcl as a carrier so that pcl continues to stimulate gel protein growth in the same position and continues to skin.
The skin provides nutrients. Cmc is fully metabolic for two to three months after injection, but pcl starts to work for one year before it is fully metabolized. Even if pcl is metabolized, the newly produced gel protein in the skin will sustain the skin and achieve lasting resistance.
In contrast to the urinary acid filler, the urinate filler is merely a modifier filling (restored for short periods after absorption); while the cmc component of the needle is also absorbed by the human body, the other ingredient, pcl, works to stimulate the growth of the gel protein in the body, replacing the gel carrier that is absorbed, keeping the skin in the effects of the beating and maintaining the girl-like face.
The main component of the regenerative needles is the plla (polysed ecstasy) and, for progressive effects, it takes six weeks to gradually become effective and three to six months to achieve significant effects.
High s<m<e<l, during which time there will be no displacement or swelling, the material will be rigid, and it will be effective in replacing the problem of urinary acid for easy displacement and oscillation. According to the company at the investor interactive platform on 6 September, the llansé yrem have now completed a domestic registration test and the related initiation of clinical trials is under way, while the injection type iii medical devices are being tested from the official clinical field.
At the end of August, it was officially marketed. By the end of June 2023, there were more than 600 cooperation hospitals contracted by Xinko Remy, and more than 1,100 certified doctors were trained.
(ii) Weight reduction & Thin: Lilalu Pin+ energy-generating lipid elimination, which was completed in March 2023, has become a major public health problem in China in recent years as the prevalence of overweight and obesity has risen rapidly.
First, according to the 2020 report on the state of nutrition and chronic diseases among the Chinese population, the rate of overweight/obsity among urban and rural population in all age groups continues to rise, with over one-half of the adult population overweight or obese, with overweight/obese rates reaching 19 per cent and 10.4 per cent for children aged 6-17 and under 6 years, respectively, according to a study of intelligence, the number of overweight and obese in China is expected to reach 226 million in 2022 and 2025.
The number of overweight and obese people in China will reach 265 million. Currently, the main ways to achieve weight reduction are sports, diets, medicines, medicine, and so on. In 2022, according to the AIDS media, Internet users opted for a diet, a diet, a diet, a drug diet, and a surgical diet of 69.9%, 59.3%, 27.8%, respectively.
20.0%, sports and diets are still the choice of most users, and drugs and surgical diets account for some of the market. According to Frost Shaley, the market for obese drugs in China grew from 260 million yuan renminbi in 2016 to 1.9 billion yuan yuan yuan in 2020, with an annual compound growth rate of 64.6% driven by an increase in obesity, a greater awareness of weight management and the listing of new diet drugs.
In China, the market for obese drugs will reach 4.4 billion yuan in 2022. Currently, fda-approved diet drugs are mainly in favour of Lalupine injection fluids, Smégrum injection fluids, and Olyscher.
Domestic approval was granted in July of this year for adults with bmi greater than 30 kg/m2 or bmi greater than 27kg/m2 and with obesity-related complications, with 3ml:18 mg (prefilled injection pens), as the glp-1 drug, represented by Lilalupe, showed significant therapeutic effects in terms of weight reduction, combined with weight loss,
The benefits of sugar and cardiovascular benefits are relatively mature and stable targets in the area of obesity or overweight. In recent years, according to IQR data, China ' s excess weight and obesity will reach 265 million in 2030. Because of the demand for health and aesthetics, a growing number of overweight people in the future will choose drugs to control their weight.
The proportion of people who choose to lose weight on drugs is 27.8 per cent, taking into account the number of people living on the Internet and those who do not vote, and we assume that the proportion of people who choose to lose weight in the country as a whole is about one tenth of the proportion of people living on the Internet, that is 2.8 per cent, while the glp-1 drug currently has excellent results, and we assume that glp-1 is 80 per cent per cent permeable in diet drugs, and that China ' s potential use of glp-1 is overweight and overweight by 2030.
At present, the price of 3ml:18mg (prefilled injection pen) injection fluid in the Ali's Healthy Big Pharmacy is $298 per box, which, according to the recommended method, is “start dose 0.6 mg/day, 1.2 mg/day after a week,” increases some patients to 1.8 mg/day.
On the other hand, the current price of the Megrupne fluid in the MEG platform division is about $1,000/box, and the price of 1.34 mg/ml*1.5ml is about $600/box, which is used to increase the threshold to 2.4 mg/week according to the "start dose of 0.25 mg/week" of the hypothermia.
The cost of six months of approximation is about $9,600, assuming that after 2026 generics are on the market, and about $4,200 for six months of pseudopharmaceutical use. Taken together, we calculate that by 2030, glp-1 drugs will have been used in the market space for obese people, amounting to $24.9 billion.
The energy-source soluble fat medicine project has great potential, and cold soluble resin is much more popular. The energy-source soluble fat medicine consists mainly of radio frequency, ultrasound, and frozen soluble resin. In contrast, radio frequency and ultrasound can be combined with surgical adsorption, either as a local skin tight after the operation, or as a microscopic method of sucking fat out of the body after the solution, so that only frozen soluble resin is complete.
It's harmless; and the frozen soluble resin uses fat cells to be more sensitive to cryogenic properties, causing smaller and safer damage to other tissue cells than radio frequency and ultrasound. In broadly similar treatments, bad events such as pain, skin burns, pigmentation, etc. have lower incidences, are more popular with the beauty community and doctors, and will have greater market space in the future.
Annual growth reached 318%, 216%, and 158%, respectively, with frozen soluble resins growing at a much higher rate than medically attractive (invasive) items, and a similar trend is expected in future plastics segmented markets. In February 2021, the company acquired 100% of the share of the Spanish energy-sourced medical corporation, Hightech, and the layout was frozen and reduced.
In the area of body plastics and skin restoration, such as lipids and stripping. Hattech created a combination of innovative non-intrusive lasers and refrigerated lipid abatement equipment applicable to clinics and medi-spas (medical beauty centres), including cooltech, cooltech define, crystile, and laser stripping products, primelase, elysion, etc.
Another global strategic layout in the field of therapeutic energy-sourced equipment after the company acquired Spain’s Hightech shares. Viora now owns five items that are already on the market, including reaction TM using multi-frequency RF coreTM technology, and radio frequency.
(rf), strong pulse (ipl), laser (laser) energy-sourced medical multifunctional platform v series products, énerjet with a needleless high-pressure injection technology in jvr, diamond microcrystal milling device pristineTM, infusionTM with anionwaveTM electro-hole import technology.
(iii) New material: Shell sugar. In October 2021, the company signed an exclusive licensing agreement for products with kiomed in Belgium, with a down payment of Euro4 million from Sinclair to kiomed and a milestone payment of up to Euro10 million in R & D registration to obtain kiomed
The company ' s 4-part research on global innovative kiomedine pellets and all subsequent development of shell-sugar-related products has global exclusive licensing in the field of dermatology (other regions of the world except the United States), including the use of kiomed-related knowledge for R & D, production and commercialization interests (pensioned percentage net sales fee).
Prior studies have shown that: 1) kiomedine is a good biocompatibility compared to transparent acids, the incidence of adverse reactions (blood swelling) is lower, the recharge performance is better, and it can improve the quality of skin by increasing the glyph protein content in real skins; 2) kiomedine has an excellent free-base clean-up capability (the liberal foundation is one of the main causes of tissue degradation and ageing).
The oxidation stress of skin tissue cells can be reduced by protecting the skin tissue from water loss and slowing aging; 3) kiomedine has the potential to protect transparent acids, be they inner-source transparent acids or real skin fillings based on transparent acids. By adding kiomedine to transparent acids, the synergy between kiomedine and transparent acids is expected to further extend transparency.
Qualitative acids play a role in achieving more sustained filling effects. According to the Grandviewresearch report, the global market for shell sugar was $6.8 billion in 2019, with a combined annual income-based growth rate of 24.7 per cent between 2020 and 2027, of which about 45 per cent of the United States market was devoted to living.
In the field of medicine and cosmetics, shell sugar has greater market space in the field of medicine and beauty.V. Industrial micro-organisms: project reserves are abundant, new blue seas are expanding, and the company has been deep-deep for over 40 years in the field of industrial micro-organisms, with a deep industrial base and currently has China, China, China, and China, China, and China.
Three microbiology research and development bases, Hwangzhou, Changang Xinxiyang, Jiang Su Xixyang, Maggie Health, Meowa Goko, five industrial bases with the largest fermentation monolithic workshop and industry leading capacity in Zhejiang Province, to cover the various stages of microbiology engineering, such as seed construction, metabolic regulation, separation purity, enzyme catalyzing, synthetic modifier, etc.
A complete manufacturing system has been developed for the development, testing, commercialization, production, engineering and public utility systems of micro-organisms projects.
Industrialization of insect drugs and other drugs. In May this year, the Zhanda Biology formed a fully-funded company, Hangzhou, to create a synthetic biotechnological innovation engine; in August, 60% of Luang Huayn Tsi Ltd. was acquired, mainly in the nuclear phosphate series, monomer, nucleotide and nucleic acid and their accessories, cyanobactic and sugar compounds, the development of a new generation of antiviral intermediates, and the production of life.
According to the annual report, corporate revenues from industrial micro-organisms continued to grow well in 2022, with a high rate of growth of 22 per cent compared to the same period last year. At present, all research and development projects in the corporate industrial micro-organisms sector have accumulated more than 130 items, consisting mainly of 17 items of innovative raw materials such as xrna and adc (including 71 items), 30 items of pharmaceutical raw materials and intermediates, health and health.
The company ' s industrial micro-organisms are mainly the following platforms, and R & D and industrial advances: 1) B: Innovative R & D platforms, have provided adc toxin (payload) to more than 100 customers worldwide in terms of research and development and commercialization of adc toxin products.
Linker (linker) and cdmo services for related products: 2) Health of Maggie: Joint venture with Angel yeast (60% shareholding in China), focusing on large health and individual areas of care, with investment in a green manufacturing project for functional health products to begin; 3) Benefit organisms: fully-funded subsidiaries with microbiological cell plant construction platforms, screening and evolution platforms for bioenzymes, fermentation
(iv) The new industrial platform, with nuclear products at its core, will build industrial bases for special functional chemicals, pharmaceutical raw materials and high-end intermediates in line with international standards;
Nuclear material for reagents is the main area of operation.
Maggie's health, Wachang Gokko, Xiang Yui Bridge,
Great health and a level of innovation and research and development.
In the east of the river, microbe cells are produced in nuclear form.
Taidc medication, protective area, Jiang Su-yang.
Plants build flats and toxin connections, table, biological enzymes.
It's a special job. It's a commercial experiment. It's a chemical, it's a chemical-- it's a chemical-- it's a chemical-- it's a chemical-- it's a chemical-- it's a chemical-- it's a chemical--- it's a chemical--- it's a chemical--- it's a chemical--- it's a chemical--- it's a chemical--- it's a chemical.
Medicines and high-end fermentation and product fractions.
The interbody industry, off the purified platform, off the grid.
(i) Profit projection assumptions and business segmentation 1) pharmaceutical industry: we believe that the pharmaceutical industry plate will be driven in the future or will be driven by diabetic drugs such as Lilalupi,
Medicines such as vascular, immunosuppressive, antibiotics, etc., have been growing steadily, while Chinese, digestive and anti-cancer drugs have remained stable in size, 2) pharmaceutical businesses: we expect the pharmaceutical commercial plates to remain stable at a steady rate of growth, as a proportion of the total income, every year (3) medical beauty: as research and development pipelines progress, the release of new products is expected to lead to a rapid increase in domestic and foreign revenues from medical and American operations.
Industrial microbiology plates: Innovative medicines and bio-like plates with simpler and more efficient synthesis processes, as the primary application of synthetic biology methods is the industrial microbiology plates: we aggregate the company’s self-researched and co-operative sales of later clinical tubes.
Measuring the situation, it is estimated that the total revenue peak for 2023-2032, after the adjustment of the company’s main varieties, will be approximately $3.18 billion. The specific area of the dcf model is in the forefront of the country, giving the pharmaceutical business block a 2023 10 times the price of $4.1 billion.
So, we think that Emmett is a company's comparable company, that the Chinese medicine has an internationalization network and a comprehensive follow-up product line, and that Lilalu's diet is approved, and that it should be given a price premium of 2023 60 times greater than that given to the medical plate. In sum, under the branch valuation method, we expect the Chinese medicine to have a reasonable market value of $90.7-96 billion in 2023, corresponding to the target.
Chinese medicine is a large, integrated pharmaceutical company that combines the development, production and distribution of medicines, the pharmaceutical industry and the business sector, which operate in a robust and attractive and innovative way, while innovation and internationalization provide the imagination for the company’s medium- and long-term development. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.