The value of new contracts increased during the year, the new materials project accelerated landing, and on 12 January, China Chemical issued a business brief for January-December 2022. The company accumulated a year-round increase in the value of new contracts, and the year-round performance is expected to be higher than expected.
In the first three quarters, the company achieved business income of $12,053 million, which was higher than the previous three quarters.
Good controls, with multiple factors driving the company’s performance to keep pace with the same rate of growth. As the number of contract orders rises, the company’s performance is expected to increase throughout the year.
The value of the new contract has increased significantly, and on 12 January the company issued an announcement stating that it had invested in the establishment of the China-China Chemical Engineering and Technology Group Ltd., with a registered capital of $850 million, and that the company had made a contribution of $561.
The value of new contracts has increased significantly, with hundreds of millions of dollars in new materials and 289 million yuan in Shanghai. The joint venture covers technical services, technology development, technical advice, technology exchange, technology transfer, technology promotion, engineering and technology research and technology promotion.
3. Transition to high-value-added materials, with several projects facing experimental development: engineering management services, etc. This investment is in line with long-term corporate development strategies, promoting long-term, healthy corporate development and enabling companies to provide chemical clothing throughout their life cycle
• Adherence to an integrated technology-industry development strategy that accelerates industrial transformation, drives the development of emerging industries with technological power, and accelerates industrial upgrading beyond the “cricket” technology. Companies have strong technological power, mastering and holding at the core through autonomous R & D and R & D synergies
There is a series of proprietary technology and proprietary engineering technologies, while the company has a system of research and development platforms under the umbrella of the “One General + Multi-House +n Platform” and has set up the Japan Branch, the Beijing Hoyoyama Experimental Base, and the Japanese Tsubashi Laboratory, which cumulatively has thousands of authorized patents and hundreds of proprietary technologies.
With the capacity to develop, the HAP project has been upgraded to 330,000 tonnes/year through technological conversion, leading to the world's largest single-line production capacity: China's fully funded subsidiary, China's Tianxe Niron New Materials Project (phase I), relays of acrylene,
Following the successful driving of the Xindoxine device, 200,000 tonnes/year of Xinazine successfully completed the process, and produced the product of the Xinon. The co-development of silicone-based gel technology, new Chinese materials. The gel project successfully produced the first eligible silicone nanocogel insulation in February 2022.
(a) Pulse products, which are currently properly driven, with a product qualification rate of more than 99 per cent; and a one-time success of a degradable plastic pbat project, built by a subsidiary of the Chemical Design Institute III Ltd.
Successfully producing high-quality pbat polyester products; in addition, projects such as company poe, mch, environmental catalysts, nylon 12, pbat catalysts, used tyres fission are well under way. In the broader context of the “double carbon” goal, market demand for new silicon-based materials, degradable materials, new energy sources will increase rapidly.
Long, the firm's adherence to an integrated “technology plus product” development strategy will accelerate the process of alternative domestic production of our high-end new materials on the one hand and, on the other hand, will allow the company to take advantage of the market and be concentrated in the future on the basis of three quarters of the small weight of the Māori rate, the success of which in December will help boost the country's economy.
(1) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products: (2) safe production risks; (3) environmental protection risks;
(4) The completion of the project is not as fast as expected: (5) equity incentives are less than expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.