China Chemistry (601117.sh)
The company increased its efforts in 2022 to develop camps and projects, and carefully planned to organize construction, especially the Baltic Sea project, which led to an increase in income and cost on a par. 2022.
The company has accumulated a total of $299.923 billion in new contracts, an increase of 10.07 per cent over the same period. The company ' s new portfolio is growing robustly, with full hand orders and secure future performance.
Business projects have accelerated their arrival to expand the area of high-value-added products in the new materials industry. In business development, companies have focused on new chemical and chemical research, such as high-performance fibres, special synthetic rubber, process plastics, and the development of chemical materials and special chemicals.
In 2022, new projects, such as diazole, aerogel, and environmentally degradable plastics, began production.
Americium, acetylene devices operating at full capacity, cumulatively producing more than 80,000 tons of acrylonitrile, gradually increasing the loads of dichloride and dichloride and achieving long-cycle stabilization.
On the same day, the East China Tianhua pbat main installation successfully drove a series of vehicles, producing a cumulative total of 6,330 tons of pbat, achieving the goal of “starting work that year, completion that year, commissioning in one year”; in 2022, 600,000 tonnes/year of epoxy propane, Saidunco, Tianqing State
In 2022, the company was guided by a "two-for-one-for-one" test, with the precise establishment of a manager and a member.
Nuclear indicators, establishment of a 360-degree market-based assessment system, successful completion of the 128 priority tasks of the three-year reform campaign and selection of the State Enterprise of the State Council for the reform of typical enterprises.
The Ministry of Overseas Operations and the International Engineering Corporation, with eight new national markets, a “billions of bills” replenishment contract, an oil storage terminal project in Indonesia, a Saudi Sabik project, an eng project in Pakistan, etc., with high-quality support to build a “one-way”
The year 2023 marks the tenth anniversary of the One Way initiative, with a large number of priorities. Overseas engineering orders are expected to land, and corporate shares in overseas markets are expected to add up.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration is exceeded.
It has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.