Downstream demand is growing rapidly and overseas clients are of high quality. South-West Securities Research and Development Centre . Performance Summary: Companies achieved operating income of $6.560 billion in 2021, an increase of 106.54 per cent over the same period;
The net profit of the mother now stands at $1,495 million, an increase of 311.49 per cent, and the net profit of the non-repatriation mother is maintained at a high Māori rate. The company is the global Lithium Battellor, with a business income of 850 million yuan in 2021, a 32 per cent increase in Māori, and a Māori rate of 350 million yuan.
Substream lithium primary battery demand is stable, and the development of the policy-catalyzed smart metering industry will continue to digest battery capacity. The market is currently low for smart gas meters, smart water meters, and smart heat meters.
The company is one of the major suppliers of global-powered lithium batteries, which generated revenues of $3.89 billion in 2021, an increase of 186 per cent, Māori at $1.31 billion, and Māori at nearly 23 per cent.
Cumulative sales amounted to 2.41 million vehicles, an increase of 170% over the same period. China, Europe’s subsidy policy, which has been largely renewed, has accelerated the listing of new vehicles; and President Biden’s high-profile new-energy-plus vehicle subsidy, which is expected to increase steadily in the future.
• High quality of company customers. The company's deep binding of offshore customers, such as Daimler, Modern Kia, Jaguar, and its entry into the Pelican car supply chain have a higher yield quality and operational capability.
Small digital devices, such as acoustics, have gradually become one of the fastest growing areas in information consumption, and company-breeded “gold beans” batteries have been successfully extended to tws applications, with huge market space. The miniaturization, lightening, and non-linearization of electric tools are also emerging as future trends.
As traditional producers, such as lig, stagnate their production capacity, the utility lithium batteries are in short supply, and companies are taking advantage of it to upgrade their profit predictions and investment proposals. The company’s lithium ion cell business will continue to grow at a high rate, while new production capacity will be steadily released, digesting downstream demand, and further raising the company’s market share over the next three years.
Taking into account the company's investment earnings and the uncertainty of the e-smoking business, we gave the company a global lithium primary battery leader, the lithium ion cell business that led to the company's development, the first company to be marketed in Shenzhen, after 20 years of rapid growth, to become a globally competitive, high-quality lithium battery flat.
The main business of the company is the development, production and sale of consumer batteries (including lithium primary batteries, small lithium ion batteries, three-dimensional cylinder batteries) and power cells (including new energy car batteries and their battery systems, storage cells).
Figure 1: The company’s history is more centralized and its decision-making channels are smooth. The company is controlled by Liu Jin-seong, the Coal-Song couple, each holding 50% of the shares of the company’s first shareholder, the Tibetan billion-latitude Holdings Ltd., and Mr Liu Jin-sung and Ms. Colum-sung, respectively.
The company's ongoing equity incentive scheme effectively motivates its employees. The company has implemented eight periods of employee ownership since it was listed.
The plan and the two-phase equity options and restricted equity incentive schemes provide sufficient incentives for employees to have a full degree of motivation and effectively combine shareholder interests, corporate interests and the individual interests of the core team to achieve joint growth.
In 2017 and 2020, the company formed the power storage power cell subsidiary, the power-power-power-powering pool, and the revenue-generating-power-million-latitude-latitude corporation, released a total of $8.16 billion in 2020, rising from 67 per cent per year to 82 per cent in 2020. In 2021h1, the company earned $6.56 billion, an increase of 106.54 per cent.
200gwh, 20 billion yuan for battery consumption and 20 billion yuan for power systems to achieve a cross-cutting increase in the overall collection scale of 2021h1 billion latitudes, with a power cell load of 0.87gwhh, the tenth-highest in the world. In vehicle power cells, the billion latitudes are one of the core suppliers of pelicans. They benefit from Daimler, modern Chia, Jaguar, etc.
International customers favor that the growth of Lithium billion-latitude overseas power cell operations is also accelerating. It is worth mentioning that, in order to control price fluctuations in raw materials, and to further safeguard low-cost, high-quality lithium resources, Lithium billion is actively cutting upstream raw materials into integration and depth.
Corporate profitability is growing steadily, with net profit returns increasing from year to year. They are multiplied by the size of the company’s overall income and profitability. The net profit returns are affected by the non-recurring and non-cash projects of the participating company Smoor International, with an increase of only 8.54%. If electronic smoke is excluded, the net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company are $2.19 billion, up from the previous year.
The company’s traditional lithium primary battery is more profitable, with a 30% Maori rate and, in recent years, around 40%, driven by continued corporate efficiency gains and downstream industries. Lithium ion cell operations have been expanded by the company’s overall scale and application, resulting in an increase in the Maori rate from around 25% in single digits.
The company ' s Māori rate of 25.3 per cent and its net interest rate of 25.0 per cent largely benefited from the increase in net return on investment. Assuming that 1: the company ' s new production capacity was on schedule, the lithium battery ' s new production capacity led to an increase in the company ' s revenue, and the capacity utilization rate increased from year to year, reaching more than 95 per cent in 2023.
Assumption 2: corporate lithium primary batteries, lithium ion hammer rates have remained stable and recovered slightly in 2022 and 2023 with market supply and demand relationships. Assumption 3: rapid growth in sales of corporate bean batteries, 48v power supply systems and a steady increase in market share.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-business income for companies in 2021-2023 as follows: 64 times the average per year. The company’s lithium ion battery business will continue to grow at a high rate, while new production capacity will be steadily invested to absorb downstream demand and further increase the market share of companies. Over the next three years, the combined growth rate of total corporate income will be 71%.
1) Risk of failure to release the company ' s production capacity; 3) Risk of fluctuations in the e-smoking industry policy: No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, for not having done so, or for having done so, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.