Lithium 300014: exports were more than half, and soft-packed batteries grew rapidly.
Cost controls are better. We believe that the expansion of export operations, the incorporation of shipping costs into costs, and the increase in prices of upstream raw materials have had a greater impact on the change in the Maori rate in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, 51% of the company's holdings, the 100% of its subsidiaries in joint venture with Korea's well-known battery manufacturer, Kiki, could achieve operating income of 2,848 million yuan, net profit of 353 million yuan, exceeding its performance for the entire year 2020 (income of 2,377 million yuan, net profit of 267 million yuan) and contributing 73.2% to the company's power cell revenues.
The company’s earlier announcement of Daimler’s orders was also executed at approximately 100 million latitudes. Business data show that cooperation between the public and the ski is going well, and that complementarities help to increase competitiveness in the power cell market.
The end end of raw materials such as materials, diaphragms, electrolysis fluids, and the end of resources such as nickel, cobalt, lithium etc. cooperate with relevant high-quality companies and identify cooperation on the supply of targeted loops for the recovery of nickel products. This, we believe, will help to secure the supply chain and facilitate cost control.
Long-term development is good. 1) The engine batteries, etc., are promising. We expect the world to share the dividends of industrial development in the long term, with competitive advantages such as a better chain layout in 2025 and a positive expansion.
Lithium 300014: More than half of exports, soft-packed batteries growing rapidly, the source of financial prosperity in the East, J. Dandan.
Securities and Trade Unions, abb, led the team in the preparation of the Chinese Battery Industry Yearbook 2016, 2017 and 2018-2019: invited as guest speaker for the Swedish Green Transport Congress 2018.
China People’s University, Master’s degree in economics, Bachelor’s degree in materials science and engineering, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the East Hing Securities in 2019 for research in electricity equipment and new energy industries, mainly in the direction of the new energy automobile industry chain.
Master of Science, University of Cornell, and Bachelor of Arts, University of New York, who worked in China for the construction of the China East Electric Design Institute, five years of experience in infrastructure development, participated in the design of various types of power stations, including fire power, nuclear power, hydropower, combustion engines, photovoltaics, wind power, garbage power generation, etc., and in July 2018, joined the Association of Eastern Xinxian analysts for their own research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Lithium billion (300014): exports are more than half, soft-packed batteries are growing rapidly, and there is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.