On the 12th of July, 2021, a new star rose.
Nguyen Xiaoyan  incident: 1) The company intends to buy 5% of the DSW at $110 million, and the parent company has acquired the mining mortgage and 29% of the DSW.
At the bottom, the lithium chloride reserve is 290,000 tons. 2) The company intends to acquire 28 per cent of the gold Quinlon lithium industry and to establish a joint venture in Qinghai to invest up to US$ 1.8 billion in the construction of 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide items, with an annual production of 10,000 tons in one phase of construction, with a project duration of no more than 36 months.
The company plans to acquire 5% of the T-China chemical stock, which will be combined with the parent company’s billion-latitude holdings and 34% of the T-China chemical stock. In addition, the company intends to acquire the D-C-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-K-L-I-L-L-L-L-T.
Lithium carbonate is in short supply, and the price increases are increasing, and companies are pushing upwards to smooth the cost pressure. In 21 years, we predicted that lithium carbonate/Lithium hydroxide would effectively supply 520,000 tons, and that the supply and demand structure would be evident in the second half of the year and next year, to 100 million latitudes for accelerated integration of the upstream supply chain, and to boost the rise of new stars in power cells.
There has been a marked acceleration in the upstream layout of the industrial chain, with further improvements in supply chain management. From 21 to 22 years, companies were deeply bound to upstream raw materials, and technology+customer+supply chain management was in the country’s first echelon.
The company stabilizes Dymler, modern, pelican, and gets two BMW points, Europe Dymler. The annual output of power cells exceeds 13gwh, a 160% + annual increase, with revenues of more than 10 billion yuan.
Consumption batteries are expected to double, and lithium primary batteries are growing steadily. Subsequent production of cylinders is expanding to 1 billion, and we expect to double this year, and companies are expected to become the world's first cylinder battery company, Smoll, with a further $2.2 billion in profits for the entire year.
The expansion of capacity has accelerated, and Small, a subsidiary of 21H1, has issued a performance forecast for a net profit of $27.04-298.8 billion, which has increased by about $2.2 billion and more than doubled the return on investment over the same period.
▪ Investment proposal: the company has completed technological upgrading, customer development, large-scale mass production management capacity. Battery is entering the harvest period, growing high throughout the year. Battery performance is bright, opening up sustained high growth.
Incidents: 1) The company intends to buy 5% of the CWW at $110 million, the CWW enjoys 90 square kilometres of the Salt Lake mining rights and the parent company has acquired the CWLM mortgage and 29% of the CWC shares. By the end of the 20th year, the inventory of the CWL was 290,000 tonnes. 2) The company intends to acquire 28% of the GKLK industry, and
Establishment of a joint venture in Qinghai to invest up to US$1.8 billion in the construction of 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide, with an annual output of 10,000 tons and a construction period of no more than 36 months.
Tens of thousands of tons, billion-latitude parent companies have secured the mortgage on mining rights and the corresponding claims; the company intends to acquire 5 per cent of the stock of the CCM, and upon completion will hold 34 per cent of the share of the CMC in the total amount of the CG 100 million-latitude holdings, which will help the CGS to reduce and phase out the risk of pre-existing debt, build up the financial capacity of the CCM, and realize the added value.
In addition, the company intends to acquire 28 per cent of the Lithium Gold Company, a subsidiary of the Dahua Chemical Company, with an existing capacity of 1,000 tons of metal lithium per year, and the public department plans to establish a joint venture with the Lithium Gold Company, which will invest 1.8 billion yuan in a project to build 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide per year.
The construction period of the project does not exceed 36 months, with one phase of construction capacity of 10,000 tons, which we expect to complete next year, and the company ' s supply of lithium carbonate is in short supply and price increases are increasing, and the company ' s cost pressures are increasing upwards. Taking into account the need for extra batteries, as well as material losses and stocks, we expect 480,000 tons of lithium carbonate/hydroxide in 21 years, and new requirements are expected.
One hundred and twenty thousand tons plus, with an effective supply of 520,000 tonnes, a tight balance of supply in the industry, especially a 30% increase in the end demand ring in the second half of the year, with more new production capacity to land by the end of the year and next year (the main sqm, Western Australia altura), a marked tension between supply and demand in the second half of the year and next, and a projected price of lithium carbonate above 120,000 tons.
With 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate processing capacity released annually, meeting the 15gwh battery demand; 30,000 tons of capacity released, meeting 45gwh 100gwh, taking into account consumer battery demand, the company ' s lithium resources and processing capacity layouts are not yet fully self-sufficient, and we expect that the company will be able to further expand the lithium carbonate layout.
The return on lithium investment is high, with a current average cost of 30,000 tons of lithium in salt lakes, a current average cost of 80,000 tons of lithium carbonate + and a stable living. The profits from producing a single ton will reach 30,000 tons, which will contribute 300 billion yuan each.
The upstream layout has accelerated markedly, following announcements that the strategic layout of nickel, electrolyte, lithium nuclei, high nickel nuclei nuggets, etc., in collaboration with the Chinese Friends Cobalt industry, Devonami, Betry, New Zeus State, through joint ventures, fixed increases, etc., has increased the configuration of lithium resources and improved supply chain management.
The company has 17gwh power cell capacity, more than 150gwhh future capacity planning, radical capacity planning, and rapid and continuous development over the next three years; a high-quality and stable upstream supply of materials will guarantee the company ' s full expansion and offensive status.
The company has stabilized its supply of Daimler, modern, pelican, and has obtained BMW and European Demler and recently added a new vehicle to the country.
At the end of the 20th year, the company had 17gwh power storage battery capacity (Lithium 6gwh, soft bag 9gwhh, square 2gwh), which is now planned to exceed 150gwhh, and the next Huizhou base will be expanded and will be fully operational for 23 years. We expect more than 13gwh in power cell output for the year, a 160% increase over the same year, with revenues of more than 10 billion yuan.
In the medium term, we are expected to double our consumption of batteries, with a steady increase in lithium primary batteries. The subsequent production of cylinders will expand to 1 billion, and we expect to double this year, and the company will be expected to become the world's first cylinder battery manufacturer in the future. In addition, the tws headphones will be buttoned.
The pool has entered three stars, and apples and China are in the process of being certified, with more than 100 million more likely to double in 21 years. Lithium primary power operations are expected to continue to grow by about 20%.
In a performance announcement, 21H1 net profits of $27.04-298.8 million, an increase of $3425-3796 per cent, corresponding to a net profit of q2, more than doubled the return on investment at about $2.2 billion latitudes.
The management capacity will grow rapidly over the next few years with the release of capacity. We've been working on a small amount of corporate net profits for 21-23 years.