The industrial chain layout has been further improved, the participating companies have outperformed their expectations and suggest “buy-in”
The company’s power cells and consumer battery products are more dynamic. As the motor transformation of the automobile industry accelerates, the power cells are in short supply and demand, and as production expands, the harvest increases.
In terms of consumer batteries, the demand for corporate cylinder batteries downstream is strong, and profitable water levels are expected to continue to rise. In addition, the company has begun to deploy battery storage and actively expand its production capacity. The company has steadily developed its operations and has grown in space. Because Smoll's international performance is exceeding expectations, we're going up.
Investment activities, active deployment of upstream lithium resources. 1) The company intends to receive a 5% stake in the limited Department of Chemicals in Grand Cheyenne, and will pay an equity transfer of $110 million in the form of instalments to be paid by the lenders. In addition, the company’s controlling stockholding of 100 million latitudes will acquire 29% of the shareholding of the larger industry.
China Chemical workers enjoy mining rights in the Great Zaydan Salt Lake, which is rich in resources and has a mining area of 89.7505 square kilometres. The mining areas include boron, potassium, lake salt, lithium, and bromine.
In 2020, $122 million was collected, with a net profit - $110,000. The company will accelerate the development of the resources of the Great Chaidan Lithium ion Batteries and the potassium salt lake bauxite mines, and increase the resource reserves and capacity of the large-scale chemical industry.
Lithium primary batteries ton. Meanwhile, the company and Kim Kwanglun are planning to establish a joint venture in Qinghai province, where 80% of the investors in the institution are in the share of the circulation a.
The joint venture will invest up to 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide per year in stages, up to 1.8 billion yuan, one of which plans to produce 10,000 tons. Investment in upstream raw materials companies, joint ventures, is an important initiative for companies to improve the industrial chain.
To reduce the negative impact of future price fluctuations in raw materials on companies’ production, improve their resilience to the wind, and support their rapid expansion. Companies contribute $900 million to $1 billion in investment earnings.
The medium will continue to rise, and Smore International is expected to make a profit as a leader in the industry, so that companies will invest between 3.57 billion dollars and $5.13 billion dollars a year, while yoy will split between +116% and +43.8% pers chinaresearchdept.