1. “Tianqian Lithium Industry Company Quantified: Lithium has a significant cost advantage and productive capacity”.
The price of q3 is down relative to the ring and the profitability is rising. Depending on falling demand and the industry chain, the average price of q3 battery-grade lithium carbonate is 2406,000 yuan per ton, or 4 per cent for the ring; hydroxide 2.
The average cost of lithium is 22.36 million yuan per ton, a 25 per cent decline; q3igo expects the sale price of lithium concentrates to be approximately $37,000 per ton, a 30 per cent decline, and therefore the sale price of the company q3 lithium mine and lithium salt is below 3.
Sliding, with the volume falling by 36%. q3 Māori rate is 85.23%, ring increase is 0.4 pcts, lithium profits are compressed and the cost of lithium salt is significantly reduced, and the Māori rate as a whole is stable. q3 net interest rate is 68.57%, ring increase is 8.49 pcts, mainly due to return on investment.
During the month, the company ' s subsidiary Lithium Industries introduced the strategic investor Purple Gold Mining (which holds 20 per cent of the stake) in the form of a build-up of equity, which is expected to contribute to the construction of the Yangtze Tsola Lithite Mining Project, providing dual resource security for the Department of Public Administration.
In tonnes/year, capacity planning was extended to 140,000 tonnes, while the Sichuan-class lithium carbonate project was completed in q3 and entered the feed test stage, and in Quinana, stage 1 of battery phase 24,000 tonnes of lithium hydroxide was commercialized in December 22 and is currently in the production capacity slope phase.
In July 23, the company's wholly-owned company, Lithium Tianqi, proposed to take part in a round of sm with $150 million of its own funds as a pilot by subscription to the new registered capital.
Equity financing, which accounts for 2.83 per cent of the total stock of after-investment sm. In September 23, the company signed a cooperation agreement with Gilly Holdings and Medex Benz, respectively, to explore new growth opportunities together.
The price of lithium salt has increased in uncertainty at a later stage; demand for lithium salt has increased at a slower rate than expected.
Historical recommendation and target pricing (RMB)