Lithium Tianqi (00246.sz) - 3-quarter review report - 3-quarter profit loops slightly increased and new capacity building steadily advanced 3-quarter report: 33.399 billion yuan, compared to 35.52 per cent in the previous 3 quarters;
Lithium mine and lithium salt production are in a state of full capacity: the Tyllison Green Bush lithium mine produces 1.62 million tons of production per year, s098005040001, can still operate at full capacity, with all products sold to the Tianqi lithium industry and Yapo of the United States; domestic contracts
The 45,000 tons of lithium salt production line is also in a state of full production, with a projected production volume of about 1.1-1.2 per quarter, with the company holding the world’s best-quality lithium resource and smelting end-of-life capacity advancing steadily over ton/year. The igo announcement indicates that the quantity of lithium concentrate in Greenbuses is 23q1/q2/q3 respectively.
The six-month-long wholly-owned company ' s lithium industry, which introduced strategic investors in the tile mining industry in the form of a build-up of equity, and the Lithium industry, which has the right to exploit the titanium mine in the Yatala region of Sichuan, are currently conducting a feasibility study for the reopening of the Lithium quartz mine in the Yangtze region.
At the end of the year, the company has three production bases in the country, with a combined capacity of about 448 million tons of lithium salt, while the production line of 24,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide per year has been tested for production in the first phase of the Quinana project in Australia.
In addition, in the first half of this year, the company launched a battery-grade lithium hydroxide project with a total planned investment of up to RMB 2 billion for construction.
Investment end: the company holds a sqm 22.16% stake and is its second-largest shareholder. The company ' s 23q3 confirmed its investment.
Tianqi Lithium (002466.sz) - Lithium resources have a significant advantage, with a steady expansion of lithium salt production forecast. Sqm is the world’s largest producer of lithium from salt lakes, selling lithium salt in 23q1/q2 respectively.
3.2.43 million tonnes, with a marked increase in the q2 ring ratio, with a target of 18.19 million tonnes for the year as a whole. Lithium Tianqi (00246.sz) — semi-annual review — completes the leverage target, investment proposal: maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Lithium Tianqi (002466.sz) 2021 & Quarterly 2022: The source, resource, still has a very high potential for expansion, provides a solid raw material barrier to the expansion of lithium salt production in mid- and long-term growth, and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
*23q3 achieves a net return to the mother of 1.646 billion yuan and the ring of 4.38 per cent. The company issues three quarterly reports: $33.399 billion, or 35.52 per cent, in the first three quarters of the year; and the realization of a net return to the mother of lithium and lithium salt production is in a state of full production and elimination: 1.62 million tons of lithium produced by the Tyllison Green Bush mine is still productive.
At full capacity, the products were fully packaged to the Taiwan Lithium industry and to Yapo in the United States; about 45,000 tons of lithium salt production in the country were equally fully produced, with projected sales of about 1.1 to 12,000 tons in the single quarter, based on Bloomberg's projections of Sqm's performance in the third quarter.
The company's vision, its strategic deployment of high-quality resources in China, Australia and Chile, the construction of a standard-setting, technologically advanced production base for lithium compounds, and its efforts based on the advantages of a vertically integrated global industrial chain.
With a view to achieving a long-term development strategy of “upstream, middle-stream and downstream”, a global strategy has been developed in partnership with partners to promote the long-term sustainable development of lithium ion cell technology in the electric automobile and energy storage industries, as well as to become agents of energy change with global impact.
At the end of the resource, the company bases its resources on the Green Bush lithium mine in Western Australia, and reserves its resources on the Sichuan Yajiang lithium mine. The Green Bush lithium mine currently has 1.62 million tons/year. The igo announcement shows that Green Bush 23q1/q2/q3 lithium concentrates are 35.6.39.5.414,000 tons, q3 ring + 5%; of this, the chemical class is 35.6.39.5.4 million tons.
Adjustment of the pricing mechanism, with a six-monthly adjustment of the price-fixing cycle to one quarter. In addition, Greenbush has two expansion plans: 1) cgp3 is in the process of intensive construction with a design capacity of 520,000 tonnes/year, expected to be completed by 2025; 2) cgp4 is expected to be launched after the cgp3 project, with an additional 520,000 tonnes/year chemical output.
Lithium-grade mineral energy, initially planned for production in 2027. In the long run, the Green Bush lithium mine is expected to reach 2.66 million tons/year, with a three hundred and fifty-five thousand tons of lce. After Igo was introduced as a strategic investor in the Tianchi lithium industry, it held an indirect share of 26.01% of the Green Bush lithium mine, but still holds control of the Green Bush lithium mine.
100% meets the company ' s existing production needs for lithium salt production and provides a solid foundation for the future expansion of lithium salt production capacity. The company owns the Sichuan Yula lithium mining rights, and the wholly-owned LIS industry obtained a mining licence from the former Sichuan State Land Office on 6 April 2012.
In May 2023, Lithium Ally introduced the strategic investor Purple Mining by means of a booster. The Replenishment is planned to buy 20% of Lithium Co.'s stock in cash from the company Hainan Purple Minerals.
Strategic investors in the lithium industry are instrumental in optimizing the stock structure of the lithium industry, taking full advantage of the resources available to the company, and promoting the construction of the company ' s Zola Lithite Project, building on the advantages of the purple gold mining industry in mineral development and construction, further accelerating the conversion of the company ' s stock resources into objective production/production supplies.
At the end of the product, the company currently has three production bases in the country, of which the Sichuan shooting flood production base has a capacity of 24,000 tons/year, including 5,000 tons of lithium hydroxide; the Jiangsujiang production base is the first all-automatic lithium carbonate in the world.
Production plant with capacity of 20,000 tonnes/year; Chongqing Beam Production Base, which is mainly engaged in the development and production of lithium metal products, with capacity of 600 tonnes/year, is proposed to expand in two phases the 2,000-ton lithium metal project. The company is also currently building a 20,000-ton annual lithium carbonate project in the Aning area of Suinging City, Sichuan Province, which is proceeding in an orderly manner.
The completion ceremony will be held on October 26, and the commissioning process will follow. In addition, in the first half of this year, the company launched a 30,000-ton battery-grade single-water lithium hydroxide project in the Jiangsu Chang family insurance area, which is planned to invest less than RMB 2 billion in a two-year construction cycle.
The company has one production base overseas, and in Quinana, Australia, there are two periods totalling 48,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide production lines. Of these, 24,000 tons of the first phase of the project were properly advanced, and all parameters were confirmed as meeting the battery-grade lithium hydroxide standard on 19 May of the same year.
Client quality certification, which is expected to take four to eight months. During this period, the company and tlk will continue to focus on achieving and consolidating stable, consistent and reliable operation of the plant. The igo announcement indicates that the project will aim to achieve a capacity utilization rate of about 50% by the end of this year. In addition, the Quinana base was launched in 2017.
The construction plan for the LIX II project will be consolidated and adjusted to take account of market requirements, company mobility, etc., on the basis of effective validation of the stage’s full operation.
At the investment end, the company now holds a stock of 22.16%. Sqm is the world’s largest producer of lithium from salt lakes, with further annual capacity increases of 210,000 tons of lithium carbonate and 40,000 tons of lithium hydroxide, respectively. At present, in the sales structure of lithium sqm, about 15% of the orders are sold at fixed prices or at specific intervals, and about 70% of the orders are in place.
In addition, sqm holds a 50% share in the Western Australia mtholland project, with a prospective capacity of 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide per year. The lithium industry, as the second largest shareholder of sqm, is expected to earn a higher return on investment from its rapid expansion of productive capacity.
In addition, in May 2022, the company signed the Strategic Partnership Agreement and the Lithium Carbonate Supply Framework Agreement with China-China Innovative Shipping, which are intended to cooperate in all segments of the lithium electricity industry chain, while Innovative China-China invests about $50 million in the first publicly available offshore foreign share (h-stock) of the company ' s participating investors.
On 21 September 2022, the company ' s fifth board of directors, at its 30th meeting, considered and adopted the Bill for the first public release of Hong Kong as a cornerstone of investors ' participation in innovation, and the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Hong Kong, Tianqi Litium Industries, Ltd. intends to use its own funds of up to $100 million to participate in innovation in the subscription as a cornerstone investor.
In addition, in July 2023, Hong Kong, a fully owned subsidiary of the company, Tianqi Lithium Industries, proposed to subscribe to new registered capital.
Implementation has not yet been completed. In September 2023, the company signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement and a Memorandum of Understanding with the Gili Holdings Group and the Mercedes Benz Company, respectively, to jointly explore new growth opportunities and bring about more innovation and development in the new energy sector.
It should be 10/11/10x. Given that the company has the world’s best lithium quartz and lithium salt lake resources, the resource end still has a very high potential for expansion, providing solid raw material security for the expansion of lithium salt production in mid- and long-term growth, which is desirable to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject