High rate of revenue growth and increase in the Māori rate of cast board operations - Biannual performance rating of North New Wood in 2021 $ billion, or 45.8 per cent increase in the same year; net return profit of $US 1.84 billion, or 103.4 per cent increase in the same year; non-repatriation
High rate of growth, increased Māori rate of cardboard operations Sub-operation 2021h1, 65.3/13.5.1930 billion yuan per cardboard, light steel bone and waterproof building materials, respectively
\triangleright, at the industry level, although the rate of growth in the gypsum industry has slowed in recent years, in the medium and long term the market size of the gypsum industry remains open: one is that there is still much room for improvement in the use of the gypsum in the residential sector.
The residential sector accounts for 30 per cent of the country's downstream needs and is used mostly for top-up decorations (about 70 per cent of residential use is concentrated in the top-up area), while the fence area is still under-used, compared to the developed countries such as the United States and Japan, where about 80 per cent of the cast-plate is used in wall-building, and as the national green development strategy implements and assembles the industry, our cast-plate is in wall-blocked collars.
(b) In terms of residential construction, because of the way our houses are constructed, there is less use of cast panels and, in the case of assembly buildings, the walls are prefabricated, which provides scope for their use, and therefore follows.
With an increase in the penetration rate of our equipped buildings, the ointment rate in the residential sector will increase rapidly. The company has an absolute competitive advantage in the area of gypsum: currently, the company's gypsum has a capacity of 2,824 million square metres, with a capacity-wide ratio of 57.5% (4,78 million square metres in 2020) and is an absolute leader.
The competition and profitability of the company’s card operations are guaranteed by good competition patterns and brands. Waterproof operations: extended acquisitions, accelerated integration, and increased profit growth points.
In 2019, the Department joined forces in the water-proofing industry by merging the company’s resources with the water-proofing industry, adding codes to the water-proofing business. In 2019, the Ministry of Public Administration joined forces in the water-proofing industry, and the company 2021h1 acquired and reorganized the water-proof industry in Shanghai, increasing the number of bases for the water-proofing industry to 12, with several brands for water-proofing, such as kings, sheep, gold thumbs, and the Queen of the Moon.
At the same time, the company has set up a water-proofing platform, North New Water Protection, as a major investor in water-proofing operations, integrating several water-proof businesses under the company’s flag. Through extended acquisitions, the company has rapidly expanded its market share, while accelerating the pace of multi-firm integration and building future profit growth points.
1. The 20-year annual report (000786), which reports a small increase in the Maori rate to double the net profit per mother, taking into account the firm ' s absolute leadership in the cardboard business and the potential for the development of the new products against water,
Domestic capital and real estate growth rate: Water-resistant companies are moving slowly: the penetration rate of assembly-style buildings is increasing slowly. Corporate financial statement projections are summarized. Jan, Nanjing University’s Land Department and Rutgers Department of Chemicals jointly train Ph.D.s with senior geologic and chemical background in jgr, jcis, energy&fuel
Many papers were published on drilling core analysis, geo-fluorescent simulations, etc. In October 2014, he joined the civil securities industry in the petrochemicals, construction materials, petrochemicals, and construction materials industry, with previous research experience in the automotive, shipping, and military industries.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,