North New Materials Establishment of a paint subsidiary to speed up the layout of the paint business North Construction of materials to establish a fully-owned subsidiary to invest in and operate the paint business and to carry out building paints, industrial paints
National layouts and global developments in materials and related industries, and further implementation of the “One Wing, Global Layout” South-North Painting Company Review. The company’s paint business started earlier, but not as a development priority: the company was established in 2000 and produced 60,000 tons a year.
Aquatic paint production line, with a technical cooperation agreement in April 2001 with the German company Zero, which was not a company’s strategic business until the year before. As the company’s gypsum market reached a high level, there was limited scope for continued high growth, and in 2019 the company proposed a “one wing, global layout” development.
In July 2020, the company, together with the China Paint Industry Association, set up the China Paint Science Institute and published its own self-research and development.
Inorganic coatings, based on the accelerated coating operations of the national technology centre for new materials in Tobei; The construction of 100,000 tons of water-based building paint production lines at the Copper Officer Industrial Park in April 2021.The company is expected to further improve the “painting wing” layout, improved gypsum plates and waterproof channel layouts.
Support for the development of the paint business: The company has completed the initial “waterproof wing” layout through the acquisition of goats, kings, and thumbs, and the company is expected to further improve the “paint wing” layout. The paint industry attributes, channels, and structures are similar to waterproof, and are easier to cut in for new materials in the north.
The improved distribution of water-proof operations has helped companies to develop their construction paints, using synergies between the average daily turnover of three months (millions of yuan).
China Construction Materials Company Ltd., which collected 23.06, 262.0 million yuan and 30.7 billion yuan, respectively; net profit from the return of the mother, 40.9 yuan; and North New Materials: Light Lightning, Water Protection and Glues for the Second Quarter, respectively.
Business synergizes less than expected and competition in the paint industry increases.
S.H.I.E.L.A. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Construction materials: other building materials New North building materials