In the North, the cast board sales are higher than expected, the One Wings grow faster, the volume increases faster than expected, and the One Wings layout supports the rapid growth of the company.
(b) Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $1.09 billion, or 232.6 per cent of the company's income in the first half of the year.
The increase, the corresponding increase in sales returns, and the payments made by the company’s subsidiary to the United States of America in the same period in the previous year, which did not occur during the current period, resulted in an increase in the Māori rate for the cardboard business and a higher than expected increase in sales: Māori rate for the cardboard business in the first half of the year.
39.9 per cent, or 7.8 pct. The sales of gypsum boards in the first half of the year are expected to be approximately 1.2 billion flat, or 46.7 per cent more; price prices are stable; bone sales are 194,000 tons, or 49.2 per cent more, and the Māori rate or steel prices have declined; water-resistant rolls are sold at about 77.5 million flat, or about 30 per cent more, and the Māori rate is covered by asphalt.
Low base affected by the epidemic; 2. Completion data conversion leads to increased demand for gypsum plates. “One Wing” layout supports rapid growth: more recent company price increases for gypsum plates (0.2 yuan/pint increase, other 0.2/0.4 yuan/p) and if completion data continue to warm me.
The company’s profit growth is expected to continue at a fast pace. In addition, the company’s recent joint venture with the company’s shareholdings, Karen’s joint venture against water, its coatings subsidiary, and its determination to develop water and coating operations are expected to be better developed.
Water-proofing operations affect corporate cash flows and gypsum boards are below expectations.
Construction materials: other building materials, first, good performance, with net profit increases exceeding the increase in revenue: the company issued a mid-2021 report of $10.13 billion, or 45.8 per cent, in the first half of the year; and the mother ' s gain of $1.84 billion, or 103.4 per cent.
Net interest rate is 18.2 per cent, an increase of 5.2 pct. Net cash flow for the operation of the 2021h1 company is $1.09 billion, an increase of 232.6 per cent, mainly due to higher revenue in the first half of the year and a corresponding increase in sales returns, as well as payments by the subsidiaries of the company for the United States cast sheet matter and settlement fees during the same period the previous year.
Figure 2.2021h1 The cash flow of the company ' s operations has remained stable on a year-on-year basis.
During the reporting period, the company's cardboard operations were 39.9% Māori, an increase of 7.8 ptt. Since 2021, the company's tiles of Tarzan and Non-Taysan have been increased cumulatively by 0.9 USD/Ping, 1.1-1.5 USD/Ping, the most recent rotation price of which was on August 15, when the subsidiary Tarzan cast issued a letter of increase in prices, deciding to increase the price of the national cardboard and decorative plates from August 18th.
The price increases reflect the company’s strong cost transfer capacity, and after this increase, the company’s Māori rate is expected to rise further in the second half of the year. “cost increases + high demand” or the main reason for the price increases.
The high cost of raw materials, which has made it necessary to raise the cost of new constructions in the north, and the high need for gypsum. The completion of the work in June 2021 has changed considerably, and the need for the gypsum has continued to improve in July. Although the price of the parching paper and coal has risen, companies can rely on proximity to the fire power plant.
Reducing the cost of transportation of devulcanized gypsum and the cost advantage of self-carried tissue from Tarzan enhances cost control, increasing the Māori ratio of the gypsum business more markedly. The lower base adds to the demand for the completed work or causes the higher sales than expected.
The volume of cardboard sales was 1.21 billion square metres, an equivalent increase of 46.6 per cent; of these, the sales of medals, Tarzan and Dreampaste were 2.4, 9.4 and 40 million square metres, 46.9 per cent, 48.4 per cent and 14.7 per cent, respectively, an overall increase in corporate cardboard sales was higher than we expected. We believe that the high sales of company gypsum boards, a 66.6 per cent increase in completion data, led to an increase in the demand for cardboards and a higher rate of shipment of company cardboards.
There is still room for improvement in the future of the dragon business: in addition to the main cardboard business, the company's bone and waterproofing performance have also improved. In the first half of 2021, the company's bone sales were 194,000 tons, or 49.2 per cent more, and the company currently has less than 10 per cent of the bone and the gypsum. The company's strategic objective is to expand the production capacity of the light steel bone to 1 million tons and 80 per cent of the bone and the gypsum is expected to be in the company's bone business in the future.
Waterproofing operations have been growing steadily: according to our estimates, during the reporting period the company sold 77,488, or 30 per cent, of waterproof rolls; 40,0 thousand tons, or 54.6 per cent, of waterproof paints; and there has been an accelerated concentration of waterproofing industries across the borders of several construction materials enterprises.
In the first half of 2021, the acquisition of three companies, the King, the Lamb, the Golden thumbs, was completed, and in July, a joint water-proofing company was formed with Quixuan shares, Karen’s shares, using a centralized purchasing advantage, and reduced the cost of water-resistant products. The company now has 12 water-protected materials industry bases, which are expected to grow on a larger scale in the future.
iii. The “One Wing” strategic layout supports the rapid development of the “One Wing, Global Layout” enabling the rapid development of the “One Wing, Global Layout” company. In 2020, the company proposed a strategic development plan for the “One Wing, Global Layout,” which plans to expand the global production profile of the cast board to about 5 billion square metres, with a package of 1 million tons of bone production.
Since 2020, the company has invested in the construction of cast-plate production lines in various locations, such as Hainan Orientale and Shandong Heemin, and has established joint water-proofing companies with Kosun and Karen shares, and has established the North New Paints Limited, both on strategic subjects and on both sides.
With the warming of the completion data, the demand for the gypsum has increased, the company produces 400,000 tons of cardboard lines, saves production costs, while the company has been able to smooth the upward pressure on the cost of the product through higher prices, using the company as the 60% leader of the gypsum industry, and expects the future gypsum business to grow considerably. In addition, the company’s waterproofing and coating operations have progressed steadily, although they currently take over.
The comparison is small, but we believe that the establishment of a joint water-proofing company and a coatings subsidiary have demonstrated the firm’s determination to develop these two operations, as well as the future development of the Division’s water-proofing and paint-related operations.