New material in the North (000786); excellent product structure 22 August 2021
The new North Building material is our primer in the production of plaster plates, with a net profit of $1,837 million, an increase of 103.41 per cent over the same year.
In the first half of the year, the company's performance grew by 65% of the total, while production was low.
In the first half of the year, the company increased its sales of high-end products by about 12%, even though it had a skull, and did not make a full price increase on the price of the cardboard products.
The water materials company marches into the waterproof materials industry, and in the next three to six months major events suggest that product structure optimization will become a new direction for the company.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: Higher consumption and higher product standards drive higher market participation. As consumption rises, demand for high end gypsums increases, standards for bone are more demanding, driving high end gypsum production.
The increase in the proportion of products and sales has resulted in more customer needs and markets for the company’s higher standards of production in the relative market. The market rate for the company’s gypsum plate in the first half of 2021 was further increased at the original 60% base, with the bone business income rising at a rate of 64.04%.
Co-development of dragon bones and waterproofing provides additional amount and space. The company’s dragon bone business has developed over more than 10 years, from 130 million yuan in 2003 to an expected close to 3 billion yuan in 2021, and the taps and gypsums belong to it.
Accompanied products, improved synergies among downstream customers, and a higher standard of company products will be further expanded. Waterproofing companies, by acquiring a national layout, have also entered a fast-growing phase of company waterproofing operations, with companies operating in the first half of 2021 operating in the first half of the year.
Revenues of 1,312 million yuan, an increase of 37.10 per cent over the same period, provide new space for corporate development. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: keep the “strongly recommended” rating, taking into account the optimal structure of the company's products and the trend towards synergetic development.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the new material in the North (000786), the optimal product structure and the synergy that drives development, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that new material (000786), optimized product structure and synergetic development
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.