Joint development in the field of multi-practices, higher than expected performance
10,125 million yuan, or 45.81 per cent more than the previous year; the net profit from the return of the mother is 1,837 million yuan, which is a tribute to the fact that Jayameen's collection exceeded expectations and that the multi-practice area developed jointly during the reporting period.
The cardboard camp received $6,534 million, an increase of 46.12 per cent over the same period; in addition, the bone bone, waterproof coating, waterproof engineering operations received $13,46/2.67.84 million, an increase of more than 50 per cent over the same period.
Business progress. The growth in corporate revenue in business areas is mainly due to higher sales of products. In the first half of the year, the company strengthened branding, increased the cost of castpad advertising (23.94 per cent more than in the previous year, increased the visibility of the main business product, promoted its marketing, and projected rock.
The cardboard sales are 100%, and the cardboard sales are estimated to be 1,120 million square metres in the first half of the year, an increase of more than 35% in comparison with the previous year. As the company further increases the coronation rate, the bone sales have increased significantly, resulting in an increase of 64.04% in revenue on the same basis.
In Hiroshima, the use of gypsum boards in the fence area will increase gradually, the market for gypsum boards and bones will need to be expanded further, and the company, as the leading firm in the gypsum industry, will increase sales by more than the city average. In addition, in the first half of the year, the company continued to expand its waterproof operations, relying on the gypsum industry.
As the company’s “one wing” development strategy progresses, it is expected that the city’s share in the water sector will double. The Māori ratio in the main battalion has increased significantly, and the supermarket for water is expected to be semi-young.
Māori achievement in the material sector was 36.36 per cent, an increase of 5.59 per cent over the same period, with a rise in the gypsum business 20210611 - Industry depth report _ Construction materials medium-term strategy report 2021 - Building materials
In the context of rising prices for the re-production of gypsums, coal, etc., companies have emerged as new opportunities for green low-carbon pathways in the industry, and product pricing advantages have emerged. As the company’s future gypsum business continues to grow, it has become more and more expensive.
The profit margin is expected to rise as a result of higher city occupancy rates, greater product pricing advantages, and higher profit margins. The hardcore business achieves a Māori rate of 21.26 per cent, a decrease of 4.92 per cent compared to the previous year, mainly because the price of raw materials (steel) has increased and the profit margin has been reduced.
This represents a decrease of 10.91 per cent, of which 27.26 per cent, or 9.96 per cent, in the gross profit of the water-resistant roll business. Compared with the decline in the Māori rate of the Orient Rainy Rainbow, a leading water-protected industry company (water-protected rolls 9.33 per cent, water-protected paints - 9.38 per cent), the Māori rate of the company fell better than the industry.
The decline in profits from waterproof materials is mainly due to high prices of raw materials, such as asphalt, and cost pressures. In response to the risk of fluctuations in raw materials, the company, in a joint venture with Xion and Karen, has established a waterproof raw materials supply chain company, which is centralized.
In the future, it is expected that with the normal operation of supply chain companies, the company’s water protection costs will be reduced and profit margins raised. Innovative R & D will enhance technological advantages and reduce production costs during the reporting period.
With 428 million yuan, an increase of 91.25 per cent, the development of a 120 million m2 of straight-surface gypsum per year production line has been initiated. Automation of bone packaging has been achieved to improve efficiency and reduce staff costs and production costs.
Innovation, production bill consumption costs and cost rates are expected to decrease further, with greater efficiency and profitability Investment is proposed as a leading firm in the gypsum industry, with a clear advantage not only in size, technology, brand, etc., but also in terms of product pricing rights within the industry, and corporate ownership
In addition, the market development space for future companies will be significantly enhanced as firms develop significantly in other areas of business, expanding production on a large scale and expanding market ownership through the marketing of their main business.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.