2021q3 land harvesting affects non-loss and gain, downstream demand climate differentiation technology (600183.sh) 19 October 2021
• Companies issue performance forecasts for 2021q3, land harvesting affects non-recurring gains and losses, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, companies issue performance forecasts for the first three quarters of which are expected to return to mothers net profits of $2.3~2.36 billion, yoy+79~81 per cent, copper-plate producers benefiting from price increases for f-4, diversification of the company's supply capacity, and industrial chains
There are significant synergies, moving toward material solutions, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The company’s q3-quarter price and cost-scissors gap have narrowed, and the demand for high-value-added products has remained strong.
At the price end, the price is stable compared to the price of the peer, due to the good structure of the company's customers; at the cost end, the interest rate ring drops because of the high cost of materials such as copper, special resin, fibre optics, etc. Downstream demand is divided and household electricity, lower-middle-end consumer coils are weaker than q2 and services are weaker than q2.
The growth logic of the platform, automobile-type products, and enveloped panels is evolving, with high-value-added products in demand. 2021q4 parts of pcb are affected by the start of work or by power restrictions, but the overall move into the season, downstream orders, and the company is expected to raise the cost-end pressure of the price transfer, with an expected increase in the Māori ring for the copper plate operation.
..the product structure is optimized or it's bright in 2022, and the company's valuation is expected to rise. Throughout 2021, the company's single-quarter profits are continuously released, successfully transmitting the upstream raw material cost pressure, but the cyclical properties of the copper plate increase keep the company under pressure. Looking ahead, in 2022, we expect the company to be under constant pressure.
Production capacity increased by 15 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the additional capacity consisted mainly of a wide range of high-value-added products such as envelope boards, mini-led, high-speed materials, hdi, etc. The company is expected to optimize the price of traditional fr-4 products through product structure.
Volatile. Combined with new applications such as downstream communications, cars, and the company's role as a catcher by overseas manufacturers, the speed at which the high-end copper sheet material is broken down -- to become a leader in autonomous research and development -- we expect the company to be in the future, under a business strategy that is “big and strong”
Both corporate profitability and roe will continue to rise steadily, fully reflecting growth and supporting corporate valuation.