Integrated shipping service providers, oil-dispersed nuclear storage, transport, shipping ports, merchant ships with gas and dry bulk at their core, and containers, rolling cars, as an organic complement.
The company is the world’s largest vessel, Vlcc (super-large oil tanker), vloc (super-large-scale ore ship), and the oil and bulk transport is the company’s dual-nuclear master industry, with revenue from the business in the period 2017-2020 exceeding 80 per cent, and the revenue from the oil spill falling after the acquisition of the new fleet in 21 years.
S-098052207001 Merchant ships have the largest fleet of Vlcc ships in the world and are expected to enjoy the bets of China’s recovery. Vlcc ships are mainly directed towards the Middle East – the Far East and the Gulf/Far East markets – and China is the world’s largest single import of crude oil.
52-week-highest/lowest price countries, accounting for 19 per cent of total global crude oil imports, but affected by epidemiological factors, crude oil imports fell on average during the period 2021-2022, and transport needs in Vlcc were eliminated in 23 years with the effects of the epidemic
On the supply side, the oil tanker owner's new Vlcc has been weak since 21h2 and the world-wide vlcc is ageing. It is expected that the current market's effective capacity will decline by the same time in the 2023-2024 period.
First, the industry dividend is expected to be fully realized, with tce averaged $10,000 per day per year, and the company’s own vlcc fleet is expected to generate incremental performance of $1.315 billion.
The indicator, which dominates the Baltic Oscillation Index, is influenced by port conditions and volume of trade, the cape ship, which mainly transports iron ore from South America/Australia to China, similar to crude oil, and our iron ore imports fell by the same proportion during the period 21-22, while the global economic pattern remained uncertain for 23 years.
Under the policy basis of the cycle, capital projects are expected to pick up again, leading to higher demand for iron ore imports. By the end of February, the cape ship had a hand order size of 23.0 million kilotons, the ratio of its current capacity had dropped to 2.4 per cent, close to its lowest level since 1996, with a faster bdi driven by cape prices.
The company’s bulk fleet consists of vloc and other small and medium-sized ships, of which vloc is a firm net profit. The rest of the small and medium-sized ships are more flexible, with an average annual value of $10,000/equity per fluctuation.
Stringent and beyond market expectations: first, the right price is smaller than the announced daily discount; second, the eoe test is 30 per cent above the company ' s highest level in the last decade; and third, the equity incentive is to test the collection cagr, highlighting the company ' s confidence in the industry ' s upturn and its resilience to cyclicality.
Profit forecasting and valuation: Benefiting from the recovery in Chinese demand, companies are expected to respond to a two-pronged oil spill, with projected higher costs and lower than expected export of Chinese cars. Merchant ship: a consolidated shipping tap with oil spread at its core.
This year, it was a double-hull ocean freighter, with containers, rolling-by-car transport as an organic supplement, 69 vessels (2.85 million heavy-tons) leased on board and 3 escrow vessels (16.31 million heavy-tons). By ship classification, the company had the largest fleet of Vlcc (52) and vloc fleets worldwide.
(34) Maintained a leading position in the transportation of hydrocarbons, bulk commodities; in addition to the two core major industries of hydrocarbon transportation and dry bulk, the company also owns roll-on fleets (22), container fleets (26) and fleets of live animals (2 merchant ships with a first shareholder holding 54.15 per cent (up to 22.9.30),
International Control Corporation Group Ltd., which is operated by various subsidiaries. Of these, tanker fleets are operated by 100 per cent holding the ship, and bulk ships and live livestock vessels are operated by 100 per cent holding the company's exclusive share of cmlng and 50 per cent of clng, respectively, in the Middle and Far Seas.
As an operational entity; roll-on ships are carried by firms that control 70 per cent (30 per cent of BG participation); Container ships are operated as operational entities by a pool of vendors; the business income of merchant ships has increased rapidly by 41.5 per cent.
Goods are the company’s core business, accounting for more than 80% of business income between 2017 and 2020, and the volume of revenue grew again after a new fleet was acquired in 21 years. The diversified layout is to a certain extent less volatile, and the performance of the single track remains high.
The prices and profitability of dry bulk are highly volatile, but there are slight variations in the periodicity of oil shipments and dry bulk shipping, such as the low performance of dry bulk in 2020, the strong performance in the first half of the year and the low performance of dry bulk in 2021 and the relatively good performance of dry bulk in the two main industries over the past two years.
While performance is less volatile than oil-focused mid-ocean energy and bulk shipping in the Pacific, industry attributes still make the Division more resilient than the rest of the plates. Figure 3: Positive growth in the net return of merchant ships since 2018
Figure 4: Larger volatility in merchant tanker and dry bulk operations Figure 5: Merchant ship revenue sections Figure 6: Dry and tanker cyclical mismatches bring stability to the company ' s overall Māori ratio
Figure 7: Comparison of net interest rates for merchant vessels with medium- and long-range sea energy and Pacific shipping
China ' s crude oil imports accounted for about 19 per cent of global imports in 21 years. The impact on the overall climate of the oil transport industry rose from about 10.6 per cent per year to about 17.0 per cent in 2019. The impact on the global crude oil trade was about 19.9 per cent and 19.0 per cent in 2020-2021, as our economy was less affected by the epidemic.
According to the annual global crude oil trade pattern, the main importers are Europe (20.2 per cent), China (19.0 per cent), the United States (12.7 per cent), India (8.0 per cent), Japan (5.0 per cent), but European ports are mostly inaccessible to Vlcc and a large amount of European crude oil came from Russian pipelines prior to the conflict in Russia, so the demand for European crude oil imports is vlcc.
The impact of ships is limited. Compared to the industry as a whole, the vlcc ship has experienced a marked decline in the temperature associated with Chinese demand, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic on the movement of people and industrial activity. But since 2204, China’s crude oil imports have begun to recover faster as the epidemic’s control is gradually relaxed.
During the first anniversary of the introduction of the new crown disease to type B, domestic economic activity is expected to improve significantly, leading to a return to growth in the consumption and import of crude oil and a projected increase of 138,000 barrels per day (+4.1 per cent) in China ' s crude oil demand, with a subsequent recovery in the demand for transport of vlcc.
Vlcc has been effective or has reached its peak, laying a solid foundation for a two- to three-year high, and historically oil transport prices have fluctuated in reverse with the increase in the size of the power. The underlying causes are, first, that crude oil is the main source of energy, that its consumption has increased more steadily, and that the slowdown in its expansion has meant supply.
The second is that crude oil, with its stronger financial attributes, operates as the main carrier of the oil trade, is expected to have a greater impact on the fundamentals, and the slowdown in the expansion of the capacity gives the shipowner a stronger bargaining power. Since 21h2, only 2 new Vlcc ship orders (62 million heavy tons) have been placed, and the current capacity of hand orders has been reduced.
As of 2.1%, short-term transport capacity has declined at a certain rate. Oil consumption is affected by the new crown epidemic, environmental imperatives are becoming more stringent for future ship-fuel technology routes, large ships have been taken over by containerized ships, ships are being built, and there is a general low willingness on the part of shipowners to expand their capacity at Vlcc, compared to 19 in the past.
In mid-February, only two Vlcc orders appeared in August of 22 years, and no new orders were placed by the owner for the rest of the month. By the end of February, the capacity of hand orders had fallen to a low of 2.1%, the lowest level in the last 30 years.
The approximate delivery rate will have to be extended to 2026, and the growth in power will be more limited in 23-25 years. Vlcc below the age of 15 is the main force of the spot market, and “aging” or leading to a decline in the size of the spot market is much more general.
When ships come to transport, the activity of ships over the age of 15 begins to decline significantly, with few ships over the age of 20 participating in the spot market. Dismantling the current Vlcc ship structure, which, as of the end of 22 years, was only 203 million tons of heavy capacity, less than 75% of the end of 22 years and 23-24 years of capacity.
Figure 13: Vlcc sharp decline in new orders since 21h2 Figure 14: Vlcc drop in hand orders to 30 years low Figure 15: Vlcc ageing faster than adding power
Figure 16: The power of the Vlcc under 15 years of age has reached its peak in 22 years, and the medium-term price hub is expected to continue to rise with improved supply and demand, with elasticity or greater expectation of a better rate of return to crude oil imports than it was in 2022.
The number of vlccs is only 24/2, but the number of vlccs that have entered old ships over the age of 15 in the same period is 39/52, and active capacity has begun to decline, and a marked improvement in supply and demand patterns is expected to lead to a sustained rise in the price hub. Environmental conventions limit the elasticity of the elasticity of the operation and the elasticity of the season or are more than desirable.
With the entry into force of the environmental conventions, eexi has high emission management requirements for ships, and most owners in the industry use engine power restrictions to meet eexi requirements, which will result in higher prices during the season, when ships are unable to increase their effective supply by speeding up and thus increase the upward elasticity of the prices during the season.
As of 9 March, the Middle East - Far East (td3c) prices had exceeded $70,000 per day, and q4 prices were expected to be more elastic. Historically, q1 and q4 were the traditional seasons of industry, and q2 and q3 were the time points for central overhaul of refineries, as the demand for heating was concentrated on q1 and q4 in major oil-consuming countries such as Europe and the United States.
q1 of which, although also a season, did not perform as well as q4, with industry representation since 1990 ($38067 per day), q2 ($32961 per day), q3 ($29886 per day). The marginal changes in China’s demand have had a significant impact on the oscillation climate.
Iron ore and coal are the most important transport varieties for bulk transport. The main transport types for dry bulk shipping are iron ore, coal, steel products, timber and other groceries, of which iron ore accounts for about 29% of global bulk cargo turnover, is the first largest, and approximately 7% of steel products are downstream of iron ore, so about 36% of the bulk demand
China is the largest bulk importer, accounting for about one-quarter of the world’s bulk cargo turnover, so the marginal changes in China’s demand have a greater impact on the landscape of the dispersed industry. According to Clarkson, China accounts for the week of iron ore imports.
About 75.5% of the turnover is global, and China accounts for about 15% of the coal import turnover, after India, and has a greater impact. With iron ore and coal alone as the base, China has 24.5% of the world ' s bulk traffic, taking into account that our country is also a food-importing country, which accounts for the overall demand for bulk shipments.
The marginal changes in China’s demand for iron ore are even more significant in terms of the dominant role of bulk shipping prices. According to the Botero Exchange Network, the formula for calculating the Baltic Bulk Freight Price Index is bdi= (40% *capesizetcavg+30% * panamaxtcavg+30% *supramaxtcavg*0.1 (parameters), in index compilation, the strait ship
The change in the rent of the cape is the dominant factor in the bdi index. The cape is influenced by factors such as the volume of cargo and port conditions.
The change in demand for Chinese iron ore is a core indicator of the bdi index. Figure 18: Global turnover distribution of main bulk species (2021 data)
Figure 20: Higher price fluctuations for cape-type shipments and in 2022, the volume of iron ore imported into China amounted to 1,124.1107 million tons, a decline of 3.89 per cent and 1.53 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year, similar to crude oil imports, which began in 2022.
The decline in China’s iron ore imports is mainly due to a decline in the production of screw steel, which is either late or past. During the period 2021-2022, the domestic landscape was weak, resulting in a lack of confidence on the part of developers, fewer new projects, and more steel, as a result of the effects of internal disease control, poor cross-provincial mobility, and rising savings rates.
With the gradual liberalization of our economy over the past 23 years and the introduction of policies such as guaranteed housing, tax swaps, etc., there has been a more visible recovery in the number of second-hand houses in the country.
Figure 22: Our iron ore imports have improved since 2022.
With limited pressure on the subsequent supply of cape vessels, the price of bulk cargo has recovered, and bulk cargo ships have expanded at a slower pace in recent years. By the end of February, the world had 976 million heavy tons of bulk ships, of which the cape type was 386 million, or about 40 per cent, after 2010, with China ' s demand for bulk cargo.
The pace of growth has slowed, and the dispersed industry has been in the process of digesting excess capacity, with relatively limited growth in capacity, which has grown by about 2 to 5% since 2016. The willingness to build ships is weak, the supply pattern of the industry is expected to improve faster, and the supply pattern of the cape ship is better than that of the industry as a whole.
The willingness of bulk ship owners to build new ships has declined significantly since 20 years, with cape orders beginning to fall in size in late 19. By the end of February, bulk ships had only 70.7 million dwt on hand orders, a proportion of the current capacity that had fallen from a high of nearly 80 per cent in 2008 to 7.2 per cent, and the supply pattern had improved significantly;
Capesize ' s hand-held order size of 23.0 million tons of heavy load has fallen to 2.4 per cent of the current capacity, close to its lowest level since 1996. Moreover, given the impact of the ship ' s replacement cycle (the last round of large-scale bulk ship watering between 2003 and 2010), even the industry ' s share of hand-held orders has increased since then.
The impact on the size of the industry as a whole is also limited. Figure 25: Bulk fleet expansion this year is slowing down. Figure 26: Bulk fleet capacity at hand has fallen to 7.2 per cent.
Figure 27: Cape ' s supply pattern is better for the bulk than for the bulk. Figure 28: Cape fleet capacity at hand than at historically low levels of industry supply and demand patterns are expected to lead to overall price-centre repairs in the industry, with cape as the most influential ship.
The demand in China has begun to recover gradually, and the marginal improvement in demand for iron ore in China is expected to lead to a faster recovery of the cape ship, while the size of the industry’s hand-ordered orders determines that the industry’s supply pattern will continue to improve over the next 1-2 years, and we believe that the industry’s prices are expected to recover.
Of these, cape-types benefit from better supply patterns, and demand for them is more related to China’s demand, with prices being repaired or faster than other types of ships. Merchant ships are called upon to maintain and maintain both elasticity and stability.
In terms of asset layout and collection, the transportation of oil, gas and dry bulk goods is the core business of the ship, in addition to the collection and roll-on of ships; the more resilient plates include tankers, containers, bulk fleets with the exception of vloc, and the incoming foreign trade roll-out market; and others, such as dry bulk vloc, lng, insider, due to differences in operating styles.
Oil transport and small and medium-sized bulk carriers are spears and resonance periods.
However, the profit/loss balance points for merchant ships are significantly lower than those of their counterparts, and the Vlcc installation of the devulcanization tower is relatively clear, based on the global average fuel price of port 20 released by ship&bunker on 9 March, when there is a large difference in the price of alpha: 1. High and low sulphur oil.
A significant cost advantage is that the installation of the eco vlcc (based on 50 tons of fuel per day) will save approximately $79550 per day for fuel and about $70 per day for the old vessel, which will save about $11139 per day for fuel. As at 22q3, 32 energy-saving models owned by merchant vessels were used as vlcc
The installation of a devulcanized tower and the possession of an energy-efficient vlcc with a devulcanized tower have been fully completed, with a relatively low balance of gain and loss. Although the cost of fuel in the lease market is mostly the responsibility of the tenant, environmentally friendly ships tend to be more attractive to the tenant, and some excess gains can be made in the negotiation process.
2. The company ' s assets are sufficiently impaired and the cost of depreciation is lower than that of its peers: unlike other shipowners, merchant ships are more prudent in operating, and since 2014, companies have impaired their own ship assets for the rest of the year, except for 18 and 21 years, when the benefits are less favourable.
The annual tce averages $10,000 per day above the profit/loss balance point for merchant ships, and the fleet of merchant ships can contribute about $1.315 billion in incremental performance. The fleet of merchant ships is composed mainly of vlcc and aframx, and in the course of flexibilization tests, we will call on the merchant ship aframax at the 3:1 conversion level.
The average shipping price remains unchanged at $50,000 per day, with the company ' s tanker fleet being able to make profits of $3.68 billion, e.g. up to $8.10 million per day, and the tanker fleet contributing a net profit of $7.62.10.25 billion.
The flexibilities of small and medium-sized bulk fleets cannot be ignored, with an average of tce per $10,000 per day per year bringing incremental profits to the company of $1,592 million. Merchant ship fleets are required to use two modes of operation, vl0c of which is locked at 100%, guaranteeing the overall profit of the fleet, but 70 others under the company’s flag.
Bulk ships, which provide greater flexibility to the company ' s dry cargo fleet, with the same assumption of a 6.9 United States dollar exchange rate and 355 days of operation, with an annual average tce value of $10,000/day per fluctuation (1,000 points corresponding to the bdi index), which can contribute a net profit of $1,592 million, based on our calculations, at an average annual rate of tce
$3000,500,000 per day (equivalent to an average of 3,000/5,000 points per year for bdi), backed by small- and medium-sized bulk cargo from merchant ships, the Ing and Vloc fleets are expected to contribute $1.3 billion a year to commercial ships. The Vloc fleet, owned and controlled by the company, is ranked first in the world in size, operating in the form of lock prices, and the surplus.
The company owns 400,000 class Vloc-14s. The company participates (30% interest) in 14 class 400,000, one, all of the Vloc fleets have installed the devulcanization towers, the largest in the world. In the 2020-2022 period, all Vl0c in the dry bulk fleet were operated in the form of lock prices, and the price levels were all set.
This is higher than the one-year rent on vloc in the year, which provides a more stable profit security for the bulk business, with a net profit of about $600 million a year for merchant ships. The benefits.
Through the 25.5 per cent Marar project of its wholly-owned subsidiary, all lng ships are tied to the project, amounting to hundreds of millions of yuan, which has generated investment gains of about $690 million for commercial ships, considering that the Yamal project is now fully operational and 23 years without a new vessel, 24 years of operation is uncertain and conservatively projected for lng operations.
In ng business is expected to expand rapidly from 2025. In 22 years, the company set up cmlng to prepare its own eng ships. As of 22 q3, the company has entered into 14 eng shipbuilding orders, 12 of which are project ships.
Two are on-the-shelf vessels, but due to the pressure on the shipboard, the probability of increased capacity will be concentrated on 25-26 years. Containers, rolling into the company's “2+n” strategy advanced Merchant ship container fleet: focused on the Asian region, with relatively small profit fluctuations
In 2021, commercial ships were hired to buy 100 per cent of the shares of China Trading and Shipping Company Ltd. in China by cash, marking the company’s official entry into the container area. The company’s container fleet was all small- and medium-sized container ships, of which 16 (23,740 teu) were owned, and 13 (approximately 16,000) were leased.
Four other (7146 teu) are under construction. On the route layout, companies have been plowing Japan and China’s Taiwan routes for many years, and while consolidating North-East Asia, they are actively expanding the South-East Asian market, covering several routes from China (including Hong Kong, China, Taiwan) to Japan, Australia, South Korea, the Philippines, Viet Nam, etc.
Foreign trade is falling, but the overall performance of Asian routes has been relatively stable. Since 2020h2, the transport industry has been affected by supply chain disruptions, with a large number of ships trapped in European and American ports and a significant drop in effective capacity, which has led to a significant increase in transport prices in the transport industry, with supply chain problems slowing down over 22 years and consumption slowing down in Europe and America.
After that, the foreign trade pool prices began to fall sharply, and they are now largely at pre-epidemiological levels. Figure 31: Asian shipping lines have a less volatile rate than intercontinental routes.
In 2017, after buying shares in Shenzhen from a trade ship, the merchants formally entered the internal rolling ship transport market and stopped up to 2022q3, hiring the merchants to run a total of 22 rolling ships, of which 2,000-5,000-grade vehicles, such as a rolling ship, could be used for 10 large-scale cars off the coast/ocean.
China’s 22-year-old car exports rose sharply, causing an imbalance in the supply and demand of the international roller fleet. In 2022, our car exports reached 31.11 million vehicles, growing further rapidly by 54.4 per cent on a doubling of the year-on-year scale in 2021.
Freight prices continued to rise and, by March 2022, they were above their 2008 peaks and had been innovatively high, with a five-year lease of 4000 to 5,000 parking spaces for ships exceeding $35,000 per day, and a five-year lease of more than 6,000 parking spaces for ships exceeding $55,000 per day, or even a one-year historical high of $100,000 per day.
Tens of thousands, 1.2 times more than in the same year, but the share of total exports is only 21.8%, so the demand for current exports is still concentrated in traditional cars. With the expansion of the production capacity of our new-energy car giants, we export cars with an old global roller fleet, a green new deal with a renewed cycle, and a sustained boom in prices.
In 2022 - 2024, car shipping is expected to increase by about 8 per cent/five per cent/six per cent, but car rollers are expected to increase only at the same speed as merchant ships keep up with historical opportunities, and foreign trade is expected to do so. There are two ways in which merchant ships can be engaged in foreign trade, one of which is upgraded and placed on the foreign trade market, and three rollers have now been upgraded.
Renovation; second, new shipbuilding. In December 22, two plus four 9,000 vehicles (pctc, which can be used to transport sedans and trucks) were signed by merchant ships and commercial industry to build a cooperation letter of intent to further expand the foreign trade roller fleet. Two ships are expected to be delivered in 2025 and four selected vessels are expected to be delivered by 2026 at the latest.
Figure 32: Companies ' entry into foreign trade rolling markets in 2022: Figure 33: 2021 - 2022 China ' s higher than expected growth in automobile exports Equity incentives show confidence and supermarket expectations
1. On 9 March 23, a Merchant Shipping Incentive Plan (draft) was issued to top managers and core cadres for a total of 323 1. For the most recent fiscal year, the weighted average net asset cash return (eoe) was not less than 18.5 per cent and not less than the 50-segregated or industry average;
2. In the most recent fiscal year, the combined growth rate of operating income was no less than the standard year 2018.
The conditions for the exercise of equity incentives are:
Equity incentives are more stringent than expected: 30 per cent are not reached in the middle of the year, and the test conditions underline the company's confidence in the industry and its own business. 3. Collection cagr is not less than 11.5 per cent 8.5 per cent per cent, respectively: oil transport and dry bulk transport in the company's main business.
The market for container transport is now declining, with robust cycles and 21-year acquisitions of fleets. The assessment of steady growth in revenue shows, on the one hand, a firm’s judgement about the industry’s upswing, and, on the other hand, a firm’s confidence in the cyclicality of the 2+n strategy once it is advanced.
Table 6: Merchant ship equity incentive conditions are higher than expected for the first duration of the right (year before entry into force, second duration) (year before entry into force, third duration of the right (year before entry into force, weighted average net assets are now not less than 30 per cent) and not less than 30 per cent for the bid, and not less than 30 per cent for the bid, and not less than 30 per cent for the bid.
The gold rate of return (e0e) was 75 in the same period, 75 in the same period, 75 in the same period.
Combined growth rates of business income at a composite growth rate of business income at not less than 11.5 per cent in 2021 and not less than 8.5 per cent in 2021 and not less than 8.5 per cent in 2021, and not less than the 75-segregated value of the enterprises against the 75-segregated value of the enterprises over the same period for the enterprises against the target at the 75-segregate value of the same period for the enterprises against the 75-segregated value of the enterprises against the tenders at the same time.
Increase (eva) due to the complexity of the company ' s business, we will make a segmental forecast for each section, divided into three main parts: 1. For the plate (oil, dry bulk, roller) at tce, we will calculate the net from tce first.
The size of the profit, assuming a change in the cost item, and eventually receiving the company's income from the plate; 2. For containers, we use more conventional single-box revenue and single-box cost calculations, and eventually we get both income and profits; 3. For ng, the company does not match ng's business, but profits take the form of investment returns.
1) Tankboard capacity: The company had a total of Vlcc52 and 5 aframax at the end of 22 years, and included one aframax in hand order, expected to be delivered in 2023, and therefore the company ' s 22-24 equivalent Vlcc capacity 2) oil shipment price: the oil transport industry has experienced high price fluctuations, but the current prices show a relatively strong trend, and I
They were optimistic about the year-round performance and the high q4 season, and as effective supply fell, the 24-year hub would assume (3) cost assumptions: the number of shipping costs was high, which could be broken down mainly into fuel costs, port costs, labour costs, maintenance costs, depreciation and other costs.
Fuel costs: High oil prices are highly correlated, high oil prices in 2022, up from 21 years of business but not yet returned to normal levels, and with 23 years of increased business climate and oil prices starting to fall, we assume labour costs in 22-24 years: labour costs have risen rapidly in recent years as a result of a large cycle of container ships, with projected fleets in 22-24 years
Staff costs of $683/785/824 million (+8%/+15%/+5%)
Depreciation and other miscellaneous costs: the depreciation cost is small due to the limited delivery of new vessels, and other miscellaneous costs, such as material charges, insurance premiums and so on, are recovered as the temperature rises, projected for 22-24 years depreciation and other items Dry bulk ship capacity: company dry bulk plates are divided into solid vloc and other plates and owned
More vessels are chartered and merchant ships are chartered or withdrawn on the basis of bulk shipping prices, taking into account that the current number of companies vloc remains unchanged at 37 per year, and that the capacity of the cape, which includes the conversion of other cargoes by heavy tonnage, is 65/70/75.
For dry bulk cargo vessels: Vloc shipping prices, the company has been operating in recent years in a 100 per cent lock-down form, based on past profit data, and is expected to maintain the previous profit volume of about $600 million in 22-24 years; for cape freight prices, although the bdi index, which has been affected by the epidemic since 22H2, has been weak, but as demand in China has warmed, cape
Ship-type shipping prices are expected to recover faster, and we expect the average tce shipping value to be a profit forecast for the period 2022-2024. 1) Roll-in ship capacity: the company transferred its inward rolling capacity to foreign trade since late 2022, and projected for 23 years
(b) Cost of rolling-on ships: the profitability of in-country and rolling ships is stable, some of the power is diverted to foreign trade, taking into account past earnings data, and is expected to reach a profit volume of $61/51/48 million in 22-24;
With regard to foreign trade vessels, and given the current supply-and-demand situation in the market, as Chinese automobile exports continue to rise, we expect that the average cost of tce will be US$ 35,000/40000/50000 for the period 2022-2024, assuming that foreign trade operations may be more expensive than domestic trade in terms of personnel costs, insurance costs, etc.
Container plate profitability projection Container shipping capacity: As of mid-2022, the company had control capacity of approximately 40,500 teu, q3, which was re-leased in early 2023, maintaining the capacity at about 40,000 teu levels.
7000 teu power will be delivered in 2023, but given that the current climate of foreign trade clustering is declining, it would be possible for companies to make rent-backs to save costs while safeguarding the capacity of existing business services, assuming that the billing box volume is approximately 81/93,000 teu for the period 2020-2021, respectively, to be considered
By 2022, as a result of the downside, supply chain problems were reduced, with a projected increase in the volume of boxes in 22 years compared to 21 years, single-box revenue: North-East Asia transport prices were stable, but remained volatile, with projected single-box revenues in 22 years, a small decline from 21 years, a gradual return to pre-epidemiological levels from 23 years, and a single-box of companies in 22-24 years.
During the period 2022-2024, it is expected that oil shipments (excluding lng), dry run-off, roll-over, clustering of the four core plates will take the form of revenues that will not be incorporated into the company statements and that some special ships will still be held under the flag of merchant ships, and therefore the data in table 11 will be somewhat different from the final profit projection.
Because of the volatility and elasticity of the oil transport, bulk transport industry, absolute valuations and pe valuations are not appropriate for the industry or for the industry, we value the company in pb terms, starting with the company’s assets. Considering the position of the merchant ship’s oil and gas, the bulk carrier’s two-leading industry, and the integrated cargo shipping pipeline, we choose not to do so.
The average value of a 23-year pb valuation is 2.36x (as of 14 March), taking into account the booming trend.
We should be careful to discount the average valuation level by 5-10 per cent, i.e. 2.13-2.24 x as a caller, but the above valuation system or only for the more stable stages of the oil shipment, because the shipment cost is a profit to the company.
Larger, the pb valuation of merchant ships is linked to the high price of oil transport tce, such as the rapid and substantial increase in shipping prices, and the faster increase in the pb valuation of merchant ships. We can only use the pipeline of foreign trade oils, internal trades, etc., for company valuations, due to the limitations of the conditions.
By reference, the use of merchant ships for oil-dispersing and roll-overs may lead to a greater differentiation in valuation systems, which may lead to an unreasonable valuation of our targets. The oil-carrying, bulk-carrying industry is a dynamic and resilient industry, and our sensitivity tests fully reflect the absence of such a system.
There is a potential for more marked fluctuations in performance with respect to prices, and a small change in the year-round transport average assumption may result in significant fluctuations in performance. * Profit projections in the present report are a judgement of the movement price trends and do not accurately predict the true movement of industry prices.
In fact, oil transport and dispersion are marginal pricing industries, and both short-term price hikes and duration will have a greater impact on the annual average, leading to a significant deviation between our profit projections and the actual performance of the company.
China’s demand for crude oil consumption has not recovered as much as expected: on the one hand, between 2020 and 2021, the number of international flights worldwide has declined significantly due to the impact of the new crown epidemic, and the segregation of personnel has led to a reduction in the demand for road transport.
This, in turn, affects the demand for oil consumption; on the other hand, high global inflation inhibits economic activity, and the climate of manufacturing has been affected, resulting in the demand for crude oil being suppressed. We expect consumption demand to recover as vaccines and special effects are advanced, but in recent years it has become new.
Rapid energy advances, and consumption demand is likely to decline significantly from the past The demand for crude oil stocks: current global stocks of crude oil are at a low level, but the demand at the end of the inventory may fall short of expectations if countries continue not to repair their stocks of crude oil.
- Iron ore demand: China is the main consumer of iron ore, and projects such as Chinese real estate, capital construction, etc., are not ready for construction, which could lead to a weak demand for iron ore imports, the risk of a higher than expected supply.
The current high-strength, which has been occupied by container ships that have experienced a super-high-growth cycle, although with low probability, the current container market has declined, such as container shipowners, third-party independent owners, destruction of contracts, better oil-carrying markets, increased willingness of oil-ship owners to build new ships, and possible oil shipments.
Imo’s environmental policy has been tightened rapidly in recent years, which has led to a reduction in the effective capacity of the maritime industry, such as the easing of subsequent environmental policies, which may result in shipowners dismantling the current engine power limitr and releasing effective supplies; and, if environmental policy were to be implemented,
Overstretched expectations may result in shipowners’ ships being unable to meet environmental policies, with additional rehabilitation costs incurred, and even some of their capacity being idle.
While companies reduce fuel consumption by promoting the use of energy-efficient technologies from ships and adopting a variety of means, such as economic speeds, while strengthening fuel procurement supply management and diversifying procurement tools to cope with fluctuations in fuel costs, these measures can offset only part of the price volatility of fuel, but they still do not fully cover the volatility of fuel prices.
In terms of port charges, global inflation is now high, and there has been a more pronounced increase in human costs in the European and American regions, not excluding the possibility of a further substantial increase in port charges. As crude oil is downstream, air transport, automobiles, etc., account for a large share of transport, such as personnel.
In addition, when public health events have a global impact, demand in the manufacturing sector has declined, weakening demand in the oil industry. There have been several instances in history where sanctions imposed on oil tanker owners have made effective transport non-functional, such as future merchantships.
Sanctions on ships may result in companies not being able to fully release their effective capacity, and companies may face underperformance in terms of high-value and high-risk oil shipments, higher requirements for shipowners' safety management, experience and preference for younger ships, such as security accidents, company brand prices.
There is a risk of a substantial discount. The geopolitical and war-related risks, although most of the history of the geopolitics and war-related impacts, have boosted the prices of the oil industry.
In addition, the conflict in Russia and Ukraine since 2022 has led the EU to stop Russian oil and drive up the range of global oil shipments, and current benefits may be eroded if there is a reversal of events.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them