Merchant ship transport (601872) The vlcc market is still in place, waiting for a dry-cargo recovery resonance with the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Recommended logic: 1) Reconstructed global crude oil transport patterns as a result of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, accompanied by a further slowdown in power supply and a recovery in China's consumption demand, which has had a positive impact on the crude oil transport market.
A gradual recovery in demand is expected to lead to trade in iron ore by sea; (3) strong demand for motor transport by sea is driven by the prospect of future developments in the upgrading and upgrading of ships to speed up the roll-on of vehicles and ocean transport. Oil transport: the re-establishment of world crude oil transport patterns and the positive impact of China’s consumption demand.
The recovery of our crude oil consumption demand will further boost the import of crude oil by sea. The latest petroleum market report for ea predicts that the world’s oil demand will be 101.7 million barrels per day in 2023, half of which will come from China’s oil consumption demand.
Upwards, vlcc currently holds a 2.9% hand order ratio, and is projected to increase its capacity by 4.4% in 23 years. Dry freight: a recovery in fixed-asset investment is expected to lead to maritime trade in iron ore. We are the world’s leading importer of iron ore, with imports exceeding 70% per year.
A number of good real estate policies have been put in place, and policies to control the epidemic have been liberalized, or have improved the country's weak iron and steel consumption and demand for imports of iron ore.
According to the data, in November 22, the country exported 95,000 new energy vehicles, a 1.5-fold increase from the previous year, accounting for 28.9 per cent of total car exports, and a cumulative total of 593,000 vehicles, amounted to 21.3 per cent.
• Mergers: A rational deployment of the fleet, showing business resilience. The container fleet core northeast Asian routes show relatively stable prices for the third quarter, with Japan and Taiwan serving as niche markets with certain barriers. The company’s rational deployment of the fleet, steady advance to southeast Asia, and so on, benefits from the increased market of rcep, and the container fleet’s excellent performance.
Merchant ships (601872): dry bulk shows business resilience, oil recovery turns into surplus (2022-10-21) 2. Merchant ships (601872): bulk transport camps opened
Growth rates. Given the slowdown in tankers and bulk carriers, demand releases or drives up the market landscape, while companies will benefit from higher revenues by upgrading existing rollers to sea, using a share based on the company ' s existing vessels (own and chartered), taking into account the ship ' s age and environmental concerns, assuming that the ship is invested in the construction of the ship.
For the replacement of old ships only and environmentally unsound ships, the company ' s main power structure is not expected to occur in 2022/23/24. 2) Based on the crude oil transport price model, given the number of environmentally friendly ships in the company and their ability to enjoy higher prices, we 3) the company ' s vloc fleet has a 100% lock-in rate, and we have historically locked prices, taking into account the future iron ore sea.
4) Automobile rollers enter oceanic routes by retrofitting, etc., and foreign-trade-car rollers are expected to be 1 in 2022/23/24, respectively, and given that foreign-trade-car rollers are now at an all-time high, we predict that foreign-trade-ship prices will increase by $30,000, $50,000 and $10,000 per day compared to domestic trade in 2022/23/24;
5) The global demand for containerized sea transport has been reduced, the pressure on ports has been reduced, and prices have been down gradually in September 22, and are expected to fall. 1) The market considers the effects of the December 22 oil sanctions on prices to be short-lived, and we believe that the Russian-Turkish conflict has resulted in a loss of transport efficiency and irreversible changes in the global pattern of crude oil transport. Our policy to control the epidemic has been liberalized, and our crude oil consumption is required.
Recovering will give further impetus to the transport of crude oil by sea; (2) The market believes that the demand for consumption in the dry bulk market is weak and that the future of dry cargo will continue to decline, and we believe that the recovery in demand for steel will lead to the world's iron ore seas as the country's construction and related good policies in the real estate sector fall.
Upward trade, which has had a positive impact on the dry bulk transport market, further slowing down the supply of dry bulk ships, mismatching supply and demand, or pushing up movement prices, allows companies to enjoy higher elasticity with world-class dry bulk fleets. Oil tankers, dry bulk carriers, car rollers are slowing down, and supply and demand are mismatching or driving up prices, according to clarksons.
The data show that the percentage of vlcc on hand orders in January 2023 was 2.9 per cent, and projected to further decelerate to 4.4 per cent in 23 years; the ratio of dry bulk vessels on hand orders was 7.5 per cent and the projected speed of movement to 2.8 per cent in 23 years; and the ratio of vehicle roll-on orders on hand was based on the company's two main operations, oil transport and dry cargo, and we measured the company's value using a segment valuation method.
Bepe, the market value for the oil plate is $33.08 billion. The comparable company that selected Pacific shipping, Mid-Rayt, as a merchant ship for dry bulk, gave the company 10 times the 2023 dry cargo plate, and the market value of the dry bulk plate was $23.9 billion. We selected the stock of the ship, the grain stream as a comparable company for other sections of the merchant ship for 2023.
Risks of macroeconomic fluctuations, geopolitical risks, fuel price fluctuations, higher prices than expected, etc..1 Prominent global shipping practitioners with oil as their core business are the world ' s leading shipping practitioners. Merchant ship calls were launched in 2004 by a merchant agency ship to unite China ' s petrochemicals.
Groups, such as the Industrial Group, were co-founded and listed in 2006 as a shipping industry specialized in maritime transport. Since then, through continuous investment, consolidation, and acquisition of various operations, the company has entered a period of cross-cyclical development, acquiring 100% of Shenzhen ' s shares in 2017, starting roll-on shipping operations, and in 2021, the company completed the acquisition of China and Outbound philatelic companies.
After many years of development, oil tankers, dry bulk carriers have become two core companies, expanding their operations further through roll-on transport, container transport, and investment in lang transport.
The oil, fleet size, structure better than the market, and most of our counterparts, with 51 Vlcc tankers (super-large tankers) with 100% interest as of 2022q3
In addition to the steady expansion of the lang fleet, which currently has 21 ships and a robust roll-on fleet consisting of 22 ships, the container fleet has been further expanded following the completion of the acquisition of the Vloc (super-large-scale mineral ore vessels), with 26 vessels operated by companies, 16 of which are self-owned.
To date, the company holds 54.2% of the company’s shares, belonging to the Chamber’s group, which was created in 1872 to establish China’s modern-day national shipping industry. The Board controls the company by holding 100% of the Board’s shares.
The company's long-standing subsidiaries, airline operations and customer service capabilities are at the forefront of the market. Haroon, a professional tanker management company operating under the company's umbrella, was founded in 1993 to manage large oil tankers, dating back to the 1970s, one of the pioneers who introduced Vlcc into the Asia-Pacific region and is currently managing it.
Year after year, it was the old liner company covering the main, feeder, and internal trade routes; the flotilla was the country’s first professional car to ride the transport company, the river and sea, and the fleet’s capacity to service customers was growing. Corporate dividends were rising year after year, giving better returns to investors.
In a diversified business strategy, however, the company demonstrated a sustained profitability through the cycle, slowing down the movement of 2 tankers per share, bulk carriers, rising demand or driving up the market landscape in 2021. Maritime transport is a “bridge” linking the consumption and supply ends of goods.
The transport distance (nautical sea) represents a direct impact of changes in production in the area of output of goods, changes in demand at the end of the consumption end and trade distance between the two, while changes in the macroeconomic situation, sudden political events, influence demand for consumption and supply of output to shipping demand.
The annual demand for dry cargo is 28.8 trillion tons, or 49 per cent of the total; for oil is 12.4 trillion tons, or 21 per cent, of the total demand for crude oil, which is 16 per cent; and for transport, 8.8 trillion tons, or 15 per cent of the total. Transport is also carried out by different types of ships, with dry bulk ships transporting cargo consisting of iron ore, coal, food and small bulk cargo, among other things.
Ship types are classified according to the size of the load tonnage; tankers are divided mainly into crude oil tankers and finished tankers depending on the transport product, where Vlcc is the main vessel in the transport of the crude oil; consumer goods in the container industry are divided according to the number of containers that can be carried; and other cargoes are transported by the corresponding vessels, such as eng ships, automobile rollers, etc.
After many years of development, the world pattern of crude oil transport has largely developed, with the Suez Canal as the East-West Balance. Oil exports in the East dominated the Middle East, with Arab exports of 32.32 million tons of crude oil in 2021, consumer countries developing China mainly in Asia and the Pacific, China imports 526 million tons of crude oil, and the West with Russia, Canada, and the United States as the main source of oil.
The demand for maritime trade in iron ore in dry bulk goods is mainly affected by Chinese import demand. As world industry moves eastward, Asia is the main import area for iron ore, with imports exceeding 85% per cent per year, while China’s demand for construction, real estate, and industrial consumption drives the vast majority of maritime trade in iron ore, which is the main force influencing the transport of dry ore.
Since Australia and Brazil, our cumulative imports of Australian iron ore amounted to 600 million tons by October 22, an increase of 5.1 per cent, or 65.9 per cent, compared to the previous year. The combined effect of the supply of and demand for effective ship capacity affects market prices and thus the revenues of shipping enterprises.
The growth of ships comes from the construction of new ships by ship-builders, and the withdrawal is the end-of-life and dismantling of old ships. Effective capacity is influenced not only by the number of ships, by the gross tonnage on board, but also by the speed and idle ratio of ships.
2.1 Oil tankers, dry bulk carriers, car rollers are on low hand orders, the speed of movement slows down, and many factors are affecting the speed of movement of tankers, dry bulk carriers, car rollers. Owing to the high profile of container ships and the high demand for fuel from ng, the orders are now mainly for container ships and eng ships, while the higher volume of ship-building is at the same time taking place.
This, the uncertainty of fuel technology and the high macroeconomic downside risks have made shipowners less willing to build their ships. According to the data from Clarksons, Vlcc is currently on hand orders at 2.9 per cent, and is projected to slow down further to 4.4 per cent over 23 years; dry cargo ships are on hand orders at 7.5 per cent and projected to increase their capacity at 2.8 per cent over 23 years; and cars are on hand orders.
Many environmental policies will affect the supply of power. The new International Maritime Organization (IMO) regulations eexi and cii will enter into force in 2023. To reduce carbon intensity, shipowners can shift in the short and medium term from petroleum to alternative fuels such as liquefied natural gas or methanol, yet liquefied natural gas is still a fossil fuel that cannot satisfy the International Maritime Organization ' s decarbonization in 2050.
Target. Slowness is now a major response to environmental policy, and the speed of ships will be further slowed in the future as carbon emission control regulations come into force, which will result in a reduction in the effective supply of ships, and accelerated dismantling of partially environmentally unsound ships, which will, in the same way, tighten the supply of effective transport.
Vlcc has a larger share of potential ship scrapping, and future withdrawals will affect the overall capacity of the market. Shipbreaking is largely influenced by fleet operating gains, operating maintenance costs, end-of-life prices, etc. Older tankers tend to be less profitable and operating maintenance costs are higher than the market. Vlcc is older globally, with a ratio of 6.6% ton carried over 20 years of age and 15.9% to Vlcc
The uncertainty of port congestion also affects efficient delivery. Some important port facilities are ageing, coupled with inefficient operations.
Now, since the second quarter of 2021, ports have been crowded, waiting times and congestion indexes have risen significantly, markets have dropped significantly, port congestion has eased as consumption demand has weakened and ships have been waiting to return to normal levels, but in the future, old ports will remain crowded after demand for dry bulk transport has recovered.
2.2 Following the restructuring of world crude oil transport patterns and the positive impact of China’s consumption demand, the conflict erupted in Russia and the United States of America, where various sanctions were imposed, and the oil ban is now in force. In February 2022, the war broke out in Russia, immediately following which the United States and the European Union announced a number of sanctions against Russia, which were adopted in February to restrict the use of some of Russia’s banks.
In early March, the United States and the United Kingdom announced a ban on the import of energy and petrochemical products from Russia, the European Union announced a ban on the import of Russian coal in early April and the oil ban in early June, with the ban on the transport of crude oil by sea coming into force on 5 December.
Under sanctions, Europe gradually reduced the volume of Russian crude oil imports and oil dependence. Since the outbreak of the conflict in Russia, Europe and the United States have reduced their energy imports to Russia and have significantly reduced their dependence on Russian oil, with the United States and the United Kingdom exporting 2.2 million barrels per day of Russian crude oil to the European Union in September 2222, of which 1.5 million barrels per day were exported by sea, as the crude oil is transported by sea.
Giving up energy imports from neighbouring countries means that Europe’s oil trade distance will increase significantly. Clarksons estimate that Russia’s transport distance to Europe is 1.4 thousand nautical miles, while West Africa, the United States, the Middle East and Europe are 4.5, 5.1, 6.5 thousand nautical miles, respectively, the United States and the Middle East become the main substitutes for Russian crude oil, with a doubling of the distance leading to demand for crude oil transport.
We measured Europe’s imports from Russia to West Africa, the Middle East, the United States, and other countries, using 1.5 million barrels of crude oil per day, with 2316, 2764, and 381 billion tons of increased demand, respectively. Russian crude oil exports shifted to Asia to reduce the impact of sanctions.
Russia’s share of crude oil exports to Europe declined by 12 pp to 42%. The transformation of Russia’s crude-oil-importing countries also affected the distance between crude-oil transport and trade.
The EU and the G-7 have tried to use the crude oil “price cap” to prevent Russia from exporting oil to other countries. Most of the China Trade Insurance and Reinsurance companies are now registered in the EU, so the “price cap” may prevent Russia’s shipping services from receiving insurance.
With an adjustment clause to ensure that the price ceiling remains below 5% of the Russian market price. Under the influence of the “price cap order”, future Russian oil shipments to regions other than Europe and the United States can only be obtained from EU insurance and brokering services if the oil is sold at a price not exceeding $60 per barrel.
Russia or the formation of a “shadow fleet” should deal with a price-limit. Although the price of G7 and the EU of $60 is close to the recent price of Russian Ural crude oil exports, Russia has made it clear that it will not sell products to any of the countries that impose the cap, that it will either set up a “shadow fleet” in the future to circumvent Western insurance services, and that the crude oil transport market will operate efficiently.
Changes in our crude oil consumption are an important factor in the global oil transport market. As the world's second largest economy, our oil consumption amounted to 16.9 per cent in the year 21, while oil reserves were relatively “poor”, and there was a long-term need to import crude oil from other countries, mainly by sea and pipeline, and our maritime crude oil imports amounted to 461 million tons in 21 years, representing the world's maritime transport ratio of crude oil.
For 24.8%, it is an important driving force in the crude oil maritime transport market, and our country is constantly optimizing the implementation of measures to prevent and control the epidemic and efficiently integrate economic and social development. In December 22nd year, the National Commission for Health and Welfare issued a communiqué containing a comprehensive assessment of changes in the virus, the epidemiological situation and the basis for my defence control.
The Cub virus infection was adjusted from “B” to “B2” as a basic condition. Since 8 January 2023, “B2” has been applied to the new C2 virus infection. Control of the targeted overseas epidemic has gradually been relaxed, demand for oil consumption has recovered and the demand for crude oil has resumed.
The latest monthly report on the oil market in the Russian Federation projects an increase of 1.9 million barrels per day in world oil demand in 2023, while half of the additional demand comes from China’s demand for oil consumption. The re-establishment of world crude-oil transport patterns in the context of the Russian-Turkish conflict has driven rising transport demand, while China’s consumption needs continue to rise.
A positive impact on the crude oil transport market. The slowdown in supply certainty will give further impetus to the upward movement of prices, with crude oil shipments assumed to take effect in December 2022, when the EU ban on Russian marine crude oil comes into effect, followed by a recovery in China’s economic demand for crude oil consumption, accompanied by an increase in demand for long-distance transport of crude oil, which is expected to yield 2023, as the refinery moves eastwards.
We believe that changes in supply and demand in the crude oil transport market will have a direct impact on the market price, which will be based on the global increase in the supply of crude oil tankers and the relationship between the difference in demand for crude oil and price movements.
2.3 The build-up of viable properties, which is expected to lead to maritime trade in iron ore, has continued its low demand for steel, which has recently rebounded slightly. The cumulative growth in the construction of our houses slowed down in 2022 to a cumulative 897 million square metres as of November 22, as a result of the epidemic and the “deleveraging” of the real estate industry.
Fumi, 6.5% less than in the same year. Lower demand for housing construction inhibits demand for iron and steel, and demand for iron ore has been further reduced since the second half of 21 years as a raw material for steel processing. As of October 22, the cumulative volume of iron ore imports in the country had fallen by 1.7% to 920 million tons.
In November 2021, the Biden government signed a $1.2 trillion infrastructure bill, and the British government launched a £3 billion “clean green initiative” in December of the same year.
We also stress the importance of infrastructure for steady growth. Since 2022, several conferences have proposed modest ahead capital investments, and a number of good policies have been put in place to encourage and support infrastructure development.
With the country’s good infrastructure policies at 22 q3, the eight new construction companies have signed new bills totalling 10.2 trillion yuan, an average increase of 22.3 per cent. The implementation of the new bill in the future will require large amounts of steel and better demand for the rehabilitation of raw materials for iron ore consumption, which is expected to boost the world’s demand for dry bulk transport.
The “three arrows” have been launched since November 22, contributing to the smooth development of the real estate sector. Several good real estate signals have been released, the Chinese Interbank Market Dealers Association has promoted and expanded the “second arrow” on 8 August, supporting the financing of debt by private enterprises, including real estate enterprises, and 23 days, with State-owned corporations signing strategic cooperation agreements with high-quality housing companies covering financing uniforms such as loans.
On 28th, the CSRC proposed measures such as the restoration of the merger and acquisition restructuring of the housing-related companies and the accompanying financing, which could help build a strong real estate or further boost the import of iron ore.
With the liberalization of the new coronary epidemic, the country’s weak demand for iron and steel consumption may be improving, allowing for the maritime transport of iron ore. Meanwhile, the supply of power is slowing, and the dry bulk transport market is on the rise.
The difference in speed is 0.2 per cent and 0.3 per cent, respectively, and we believe that the changes in supply and demand in the dry bulk transport market will have a direct impact on market prices, based on the global increase in the supply of dry bulk ships and the correlation between the difference in demand for dry bulk transport and price movements, and on this basis we expect the average freight cost for market dry bulk ships to be $24,000 and $27,000 per day in 2023 and 2024, respectively.
2.4 There has been a sharp increase in the volume of new-energy car exports, and the demand for “national transportation” for new-energy automobiles has been at an all-time high. According to the Chinese Air Association, multiple factors, such as the downside of the economy, have had a greater impact on the car-consumption market, with 2,328 million vehicles sold in November 2222, a 7.1 per cent decline in the ring, and vehicle-consumption end-market performance.
Soft. And the new energy car consumption market remained more dynamic, with 72.3% of single-month sales growing by the same year in November, amounting to 786,000 vehicles, with a cumulative sales of 6.0670 million, with a market share of 25%, a record high.
The Ministry of Commerce, at the State Department's policy routine briefing in September 2022, stated that our new energy vehicle exports had increased significantly and had become an external vehicle exports of 329,000 vehicles during the month, of which 95,000 were exported, a 1.5-fold increase over the same period.
28.9 per cent of the population has accumulated exports of 593,000 vehicles, which account for 21.3 per cent of the total, and our new energy vehicles are marketed well in the European market. Long-distance transport is a positive driver of the motor-sea transport market. According to clarksons, the number of cars exported to Europe has increased dramatically in recent years, with 295,000 vehicles exported in 21 years, compared to the same rate.
Long-distance transport from China to Europe will drive global demand for motor vehicles by sea in the future as our new energy vehicle exports rise further, and the sea-car trade is expected to grow by 14 per cent in the year 2022 (an average distance of 6 per cent). “One-car” in the international roll-out market, “one-car” in China's automobile industry, “class” problems, and “country-car” problems.
We're mainly in the Yangtze and coastal regions. We're in the middle of the country's economy, and we're in the middle of the river. We're in the middle of the river. We're in the middle of the river. We're in the middle of the river. We're in the middle of the river.
The coastal transport capacity was 28, 3 fewer than in the previous period, and the ocean transport capacity received 8 rollers from the coast.
By the third quarter of 22 years, the fleet was composed of 56 tankers of an average age of eight years, and the fleet was better structured than the market and most of its peers. The company’s professional tanker management company, which operates oil tankers, had experience in managing large tankers dating back to the 1970’s.
With the highest qualifications of almost all international and domestic oil companies, which have taken over all of the well-known international oil companies, the core is more competitive, and as Vlcc enters the boom cycle, the company is expected to enjoy greater upward elasticity with its good fleet structure and extensive management experience.
10 of the 32 energy-efficient and environmentally friendly types of Vlcc have been loaded or will benefit from higher revenues. With the impact of the price differential for high and low sulphur fuel oils, vessels that install devulcanized towers are more profitable than those that have not been installed, the company actively follows the relevant environmental conventions by disposing of non-energy-efficient and environmentally friendly types of Vlcc, installing devulcanizers, etc., and further adjusting the fleet structure.
At the beginning of the year, it grew, with companies acquiring a dry bulk fleet under the banner of the China-China-China-China-South China-South China-Ling Group in 2018, market influence and operational capability rising to a new level, with the vloc fleet ranked first in the world. As of 2022q3, the company owned and controlled 104 dry bulk ships, with a total capacity of 1.921 million tons.
With the positive impact of iron ore imports on the global dry bulk transport market, a slowdown in transport capacity is expected to boost freight prices, and the Division is able to generate high returns from the world’s first-class bulk fleet. Companies are flexible in adjusting vehicle roll-on capacity, including, but not limited to, purchase, cooperation.
The Division has 22 rolling ships (30 per cent of the interests of the Volkswagen Group), with a capacity of 86,000 heavy tons, mainly concentrated in the domestic and foreign transport market, and in an effort to secure the supply chain for Chinese automobile exports, and to further enhance the competitive power of Chinese automobile products, the company adapts existing rolling ships to the requirements of ocean transport, as well as through recruitment.
The commercial industry signed a letter of intent to order 2 + 4 2 9,000 celu double-fueled vehicles to roll on board ships, further expanding the company's fleet's international roll-on transport operations, and the company is operating 26 container ships, of which 16 are owned with capacity of 23740 teu, and 10 are commercially chartered.
At the same time, the company has four orders for the construction of ships, with a total capacity of 7146 teu, which are expected to be operational in 2023. The company's own lang platform has become operational in real terms, and the joint venture has continued to expand the fleet structure. During the reporting period, one ng order, with a combined capacity of 1.37 million tons, was issued.
Companies continuously adjust lock-in rates and prices to market conditions, and hedge risks are sound. With long-established market credibility and good business capability, companies can be well positioned for subsequent operations by locking in part of short- and medium-term leases.
The company’s specific lock-in strategies differ from one ship to another, but by locking operations such as flexing, avoiding long-term lock-down and periodic rents, it is better able to maintain the high elasticity of the fleet’s continued profitability. Companies adjust their routes to market trade and flow changes, and expand their markets by opening new routes.
Stabilizing the operation of large global triangular shipping routes, which continue to take advantage of large fleets and maintain market rhythms and flexibility to adjust their layout; dry, bulk fleets seeking excess gains over the same period through the creation of fine routes; and container fleets continuing to till South-East Asia.4 The industry-wide “2+n” business pattern has developed robustly and without elasticity.
The company formed a business-wide “2+n” business pattern, developing robust and resilient. After years of business layout, the company developed a multi-dimensional “2+n” business pattern with two cores: gas and gas and dry bulk transport, operating robustly and with better elasticity. Corporate revenue grew steadily over the years, reaching $21.58 billion in the first three quarters of 2022, a year-on-year increase.
The configuration of the fleet, which is 29.8 per cent long, allows the fleets to share the capacity and experience of new shipbuilding investments, centralized procurement of fuel materials, crew services, ship technology management services, etc., and provides a better basis for companies to implement low-cost strategies, with the company achieving M$47.7 billion in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 142.7 per cent over the previous three quarters, and a Māori rate of 22.1 per cent.
The decrease in financial costs is marked by a gradual increase in the net return to the mother. In the first three quarters of 2022, the utilization rate of corporate sales fell slightly to 0.3 per cent, at a management cost of 2.9 per cent, and the financial cost rate achieved a net return profit of $3.87 billion by the end of the 21st quarter, as a result of interest income, an increase of 66.1 per cent over the same period, and a net return interest rate of 17.9 per cent.
The company ' s tankers were able to reduce their losses during a period of low market performance, while at the same time capturing high-level gains. In 2021, the global crude oil market continued to be unbalanced in terms of supply and demand, with the impact of the epidemic compounding the production of occ, with total volume of vlcc falling by 5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while the supply of Vlcc, which was involved in maritime trade, grew by 5.9 per cent, and the price of vlcc, which was at a time lower than the company ' s 21-year mark.
Crude oil transport generated revenues of $3.85 billion, a 55 per cent decline in the same year, and Māori-$350 million, while the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, in 2022, triggered by the vlcc landscape, led to a single-quarter gain in the third quarter of the company ' s tanker operations, which created a significant loss in its performance throughout the year.
Business strategies, such as price locking and the creation of fine routes, have grown robustly. In 2021, the overseas epidemic weakened the economy, the demand for bulk raw materials was released by sea, the prices were “higher”, and the company was able, with its years of market experience, to move up the market, at high prices, and reaped high returns, and in 21 it earned 11.37 billion yuan, an increase of 59.3 per cent over the past 22 years.
The dry bulk transport market has fallen from a high position, generating $9.04 billion as of 22q3, an increase of 14.4% over the same period, and making the first-ever contribution of $2 billion in business resilience. Multiplicity of operations, albeit with a different outlook, can provide stable returns to the company.
The main focus was on the domestic trade market, which generated 1.54 billion yuan in 21 years, an increase of 21.4 per cent over the previous quarter of 22 years, benefiting from the historical high prices of container ships and high innovation in the company ' s combined performance. In 2021, companies completed their acquisitions in the middle and third quarters of the year, with high market prices falling, but the company ' s core North-East Asia route showed stable prices, and as of 22 q3 was collected.
52.90 million yuan, an increase of 48.2 per cent over the same period, were projected to be the company ' s main naval structure in 2022/23/24, depending on the company ' s current fleet (own and chartered), taking into account the age of the ship and environmental concerns, assuming that new investments would be made to replace only old ships and those that were not environmentally compliant.
Assumption 2: Based on a crude oil transport price model, and taking into account that the company has a larger number of environmentally friendly ships that can enjoy higher prices, assuming 3: 100 per cent locking rate for the company ' s vloc fleet, we expect Vloc locking prices in 2022/23/24 at 36000, 35,000, 3000, 3000, 3000, 3000, 3000, 3000, 3000, 3000, 3000, 3000, 3000, 3000, 3000,
US$ 36,000/day: at the same time, based on a dry bulk transport cost model, it is projected that the company’s other bulk ships will be transported on average US$ 22, 24,000/day, respectively; assuming that the company’s ship runs for 350 days, crude oil transport in 2022/23/24 is expected to be sufficient to generate tce revenue for the company, $34, 48, 6.8 billion; combined, dry bulk ships will generate tce revenue for the company, 89, 93,
Assumption 4: Automobile rollers enter oceanic routes by retrofitting, etc. Foreign Trade Car rollers are expected to rise by $30,000, $50,000 and $10,000 per day in 2022/23/24 compared to domestic trade, respectively.
1. Risk-free rate of return of 2.64 per cent of the five-year maturity of the national debt; 2) no-leveraging factor of 1.16; calculated on the basis.
Based on the company’s two main operations, oil transport, and dry cargo, we measure the company’s value using a segment valuation method. The Russian-Turkish conflict has affected the global crude-oil transportation pattern, reducing transport efficiency, and further slowing the supply of power.
The crude oil transport market has had a positive impact, with the company owning the world’s largest Vlcc fleet, while the company’s 32 energy-efficient rings, 10 of the protected vlcc, have been loaded with devulcanized towers and have become more elastic. We have selected a comparable company, China Sea Energy, to serve as a merchant ship, oil transport plate, with 17 times the company’s oil plate in 2023, with a market value of 33.08 billion.
We believe that China's construction and real estate industries are recovering from the demand for steel, that the demand for iron ore transport by sea is being repaired, and that the slowdown is expected to boost shipping prices.
A premium of 10 times the company’s dry cargo plate in 2023, corresponding to the market value of the dry bulk transport plate of $23.9 billion. Strong demand for motor transport by sea will drive up prices, speed up the rolling of cars through such things as ship upgrades, ocean transport, foreign trade operations are expected to develop, and we have selected the dominant shares, the middle grain stream, as other boards for merchant ships.
The global macro-environment is complex, the global economic recovery is weak, inflation is high in the major economies, oil is the main fuel for aviation, shipping and industry, and the economic downturn can lead to a contraction of oil demand.
The Russian-Ukrainian conflict has triggered global energy price shocks and a rise in geopolitics, which may affect the conduct of operations in parts of the Department and along routes, with some impact on the corporate corporate strategy and efficiency.
3) Risk of volatile fuel prices. The higher cost of bunker oil in shipping costs and the higher cost of fuel fuel will lead to higher operating costs for the company fleet, which will have an impact on the profitability of the company. 4) The higher price of freight is not as high as expected.
A breakdown of the market landscape results in prices that are not expected to affect the efficiency of some of the company ' s operations or routes, thus affecting the company ' s claim that it has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.