Low-cost exclusive outsourcing of high-quality resources, with demand and demand re-engaging rare earth taps taking advantage of the wind Investment rating: buy-in (first-time) – rare earth supply and demand patterns are good, and prices are expected to remain high.
As an absolute leader on the resource end, the value of investments in the rare lands of the North cannot be discussed without a discussion of the overall landscape of the rare earth industry. On the supply side, there is little increase abroad, and the use of the production of Mandingpas and Linus in Australia.
Rates are high, making it difficult to contribute more to the increase, Myanmar suffers from a decline in the quality of its resources due to disorderly exploitation, the impact of uncertainties, such as severe reductions in domestic imports due to the closure of the epidemic, and political changes, which make it difficult to sustain the price of raw materials, and the rare earth groups in the south have begun to launch the production of mines in the South; production of domestic supplies has begun.
And it's difficult to increase the amount of production that is controlled by the indicators, and there are environmental constraints on production. The high prices of the previous few months have fallen, and we think that there are two main catalysts: the rare earth groups that are actively controlling prices after country interviews, and the firm's prices compared to the 300-point trend.
When prices fluctuated significantly in q1, there was some pressure on magnetic mill price transmission, which led to demand side-by-side recovery as local outbreaks improved, back-to-combination proceeded in an orderly fashion, down-stream orders from magnetic mills flourishing (one is the demand for new energy vehicles from subsidized loadings during the year, and the other is the wind blowing up the tide).
And, after a certain period of time, the magnetic mill has been able to move the high price downstream, so we think that the magnetic mill is selling well in the second quarter. Overall, the rare earth industry benefits from a limited supply end increase and the demand end increase logic, which is a new energy source.
The rare thing in metals is that there will not be a race track for large releases in the coming years, and that it will be limited to rare earth groups, and that only existing players will benefit from rare earth heights. . ..the strong smelting end and extension of the downstream material industry chain.
Smelting is the exclusive purchase of the White Cloud Ordnance Bank to build its resource + cost advantage, with a high quota ratio driving the release of rare earth products. 1) The company has a supply contract with the steel company for 1381.85 million tons of rare earth oxides.
Mineral prices, 27,000 yuan/dry tons in 2022, with a cost advantage compared to the market price of 76,000 yuan/t.
To the contrary, but the current product structure has a relatively low share of iron and steel, companies that have magnetized their own systems, and they are working with the head magnets to obtain the volume of iron and iron products. To strengthen capital operations and further raise the voice of rare earth-heads.
In the form of cash-based financing, large investments are made in magnets, which are closely linked up and down the industrial chain, and in the Hydrogen Storage Division; and in the further enhancement of corporate capital operations abroad, while ensuring financial investment, rare earth prices fall short of expected risks, quota targets fall short of expected risks, rare earth magnets downstream of new energy.
Needs in areas such as motor vehicles and wind and wind power are not as high as expected. 1 bag of head mines achieves rare earth taps, benefiting the industry with a high profile 1.1 The first share of the Chinese rare earth is used as a smelting end and extending the downstream material end chain.
In 60 years, the wind has sank, with the rare earth of the North becoming the world’s largest supplier of light and rare earth. The rare earth of the North, one of the six great rare earth groups, has remained at over 50% of the long-term target for smelting separation.
After many years of development, the company has taken the lead in developing a system of solidified development in the industrial sector, in which rare earth smelting is separated, functional materials, applied products, scientific research, and trade.
The shareholders in the company are the packed steel group, with 36.66% of the stockholdings. The control is actually exercised by the civil government of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, through the stock-packed steel group, which has 76.83% and the share in the indirect stock company is 28.16%. Under the company there are 35 subsidiaries, with a total of more than 40 holding-stock companies, and the entire chain of industry in the rare earth industry, for the country and for the country as a whole.
The world’s rare earth industries have an important influence. The North is the first country to have established and developed a strong state-owned rare earth enterprise, the North for 60 years, and has witnessed the growth and growth of China’s rare earth industries:
1) 1961-1996: From the improvement of basic processes in the rare earth to the creation of the theory of chain extraction, rare earth production is the highest in the world.
In 1970, the plant had the basic process of selection, pre-treatment, extraction, separation, etc., while in 1963, the Constitutionalists created the rare earth-level theory of chain extraction in conjunction with the practice of producing rare steel, bringing our rare earth extraction technology to a world-class level and giving a strong impetus to the development of the rare earth industry.
In terms of production capacity, a re-selection workshop at the steel processing plant was launched in 1975, producing 10,000 tons of rare earth concentrates per year, and expanded to 24,000 tons in 1989; in 1986, China’s total rare earth production outpaced the United States as the world’s largest. In September, rare earth highs, based on rare earth three plants and rare-selection workshops at the mining processing plant, were placed on the market.
The company, while strengthening its management and developing its internal skills, gradually developed a clear approach to controlling the combination of resource and development applications: Consumption of stocks of Xiaomei and Smurfette in 2003, with a higher level of integration of resources; Reorganization of the assets of the rare earth industry of the pack group, with rare earth highs as a vehicle for integrating rare earth studies in 2007.
In the courthouse and in rare earth materials such as Qingmi and Nakayama and mineral-selection assets, the name of the listed subject was changed to “Industrialization of 15,000 tons of magnets started in 2009, and the purchase of 3 guils to market in the chain of industries downstream of the rare earth, leading to the largest areas of space; construction of a rare bo with 300 permagnetically resonant images project, magnetic materials, in 2010
(b) In 2014, the Blossoms Exchange was opened and has now become a major market watcher for rare earths. The company was officially renamed the North China Prestiges (SG) High-Tech Company Ltd., known as the North.
Formerly, the rare earth of the North has become the world’s largest supplier of light and rare earth, listed companies with rare earth smelting separation, functional materials, applied products, and integrated trade in scientific research.
In 2021, China acquired rare earth materials, expanded rare earth metal and polished powder production capacity, co-financed Jiangsu's new rare-rate electrotechnic company, developed rare-earth long-magnetometer industries in 2018, and officially renamed Northern rare earth in 2015
Launched in March 2014 by the Bought Field Products Exchange, the construction of 4,000 tons of thallium alloy production line in 2012 and involvement in rare earth industries in the South in 2010
:: Launched a 15,000-ton high-performance magnetic materials in 2009, acquired 44-per-cent shareholding in Beijing ' s 3-guili new materials, extended magnetic materials, and completed restructuring of the rare-earth industry of the steel pack group in 2007
• Establishment, in 2002, of the New Technologies and Materials for Ahead and Rare Lands, Inc., and of rare earth metal materials, Inc.; and establishment, in 2000, of the Neo-Mongolia nickel radon power cell project, which began with the production of radon materials, the power cell industry, and the rare-selection workshop at the 1980 site.
• The Inner Mongolia Packed Steel and rare earth high-tech company was established in 1997 and was listed in the same year.
The company now has a pattern of co-development of rare earth resources, rare earth smelting separation, low-smelting materials that are integrated and integrated in the middle and downstream. It can produce 11 large categories of rare earth products, more than 50 species, and nearly 1,000 specifications.
1) rare earth raw material products, including mainly rare earth salts, rare earth oxides and rare earth metals; 2) rare earth functional material categories, including rare earth magnetic materials, polishing materials, hydrogen storage materials, catalytic materials, primarily for the production of applications in the manufacturing industry such as magnets, polish powder (liquids), nickel hydrogen batteries, catalytic materials
3) End-use applications, including nickel hydrogen-powered batteries, rare earth ionmagnetically resonancers, rare earth ionmagnetizers, etc. company smelting and smelting capacity of 120,000 tons in 2021, production of 91,000 tons in 2021, production of 125,000 tons in 2022 Magnetic material alloys in rare earth-functional material production capacity of 410,000 tonnes/year, polishing material production capacity of 32,000 tonnes/year, storage of hydrogen
Gold 0.83 tonnes/year, rare earth-based flue gas denitrification catalyst 12,000 cubic metres/year. Chart 5 Production of rare earth functional materials (in tons) Chart 4 Production of rare earth raw materials (in tons)
Figure 6 Industrial chain layout of companies (in tons, billions of yuan) 1.3 Corporate revenues q1 earned $9.81 billion in 2022, an increase of 49.72 per cent over the same period.
Revenues have been growing steadily, reaching $30,408 million in 2021, an increase of 38.83 per cent over the same year, mainly as a result of increased sales and higher sales prices of the company ' s main rare earth products. By sector, rare earth raw materials contributed to the company ' s main harvest, with 36.95 per cent of rare earth raw materials in 2021.
In the context of the gradual expansion of the company ' s magnetic material business, the share of revenue from rare earth-based materials in total operating income has increased gradually, and by 2021, rare earth-based materials have contributed 24.33 per cent.
The company achieved 8.465 billion yuan in 2021, compared to 27.84 per cent. Overall, the company ' s Māori benefits from higher prices in 2020, mainly as a result of price volatility, and its profitability continued to rise, with Māori increasing by 239.41 per cent in 2021.
Billion dollars, 189.95% more. Meanwhile, with the price of rare earth-functional materials going up, the gross amount of rare earth-functional materials is contributing $3.07 billion. With the company’s positive decline in efficiency and rare earth prices going up in the future, we believe that the company’s Māori ratio is about to make a new breakthrough.
Corporate cost control has been optimized, and the rate has remained below 10 per cent over the period and has declined over the years. In 2022 q1, the cost of company sales, management and financial costs were $14 million, $242 million and $102 million, respectively, and the cost fell to 3.64 per cent over the period.
The increase in the sale of chemicals and rare earth salts and the rise in the price of rare earths have led to a significant increase in the net profit of the company's parent, which is the newest in history.
Figure 15 Prices of major products sold by companies (in tons) Figure 16 Prices of major products in rare earth markets (in thousands of yuan/tons) Figure 17 Prices of major products in rare earth markets (in thousands of yuan/tons)
Prior to the high prices of products related to the rare earth industry in 2019/09/30, corporate collections were at a low level, but net operating cash flows remained above $500 million, with a strong cash flow guarantee company operating in 2021.
Prices have risen, and the net operating cash flow of the company has risen significantly, by 493.18 per cent. At the same time, it can be seen that the net operating cash flow of the company matches the size of the operating income, that it is relatively stable as a proportion of operating income, and that the company ' s cash flow is relatively healthy.
Over the last three years, the asset-liability ratio of companies has been declining continuously, and the price of rare earths has risen significantly. Corporate assets have been reduced by two integrated industrial chains plus resource cost advantages, and business status has been strengthened by 2.1 exclusive purchasing of tailings banks to build resource plus cost advantages.
The world's rare earth is in China, where China's rare earth reserves and mineral reserves are among the highest in the world. According to data from the Usgs in 2021, China's rare earth reserves amount to 44 million tons, or 36.67%, and its concentrates to 16.8 million tons, or 60.00%.
He's located in Mt. Shandong Hill (8%), Sichuan Cool Hill (3%) and the seven southern provinces (3%).
Large symbiotic deposits of a variety of metals, such as iron, rare earth and sorghum, with a total area of 48 square kilometres, have been identified as having 1.4 billion tons of iron ore reserves and 35 million tons of rare earth ores, the world's first in number; 130 million tons of fluorescent deposits, the world's second in number; 6.6 million tons of strontium, the world's second in number.
The main mine, the eastern mine and the western mine are divided into the main mine, the eastern mine and the western mine. The group-level controls the main eastern mine and is completed by the white cloud ore mine, which produces 4 million tons of iron concentrate and 8 million tons of rare earth tailings and ores.
The main mine has an average rare earth taste of 4.44%, and the total number of rare earths of each ore type is as follows: iridium-like iron ore (9.1%) >flix-type ore (8.1%) >blue-type ore (7.74%) > ore
Aluminium rare earth ore (7.64 per cent) >Americium flint ore (4.58 per cent) >Americium ore (4.36 per cent) >Americium ore (3.12 per cent) >Americium ore (3.12 per cent) >Americium ore (2.03 per cent) >Americium ore (1.24 per cent).
The average rare earth taste in eastern mines is 3.88 per cent, and the total number of rare earths of all types of ore is related to: beryllium-type ore (8.67 per cent) > neptunite-type ore (7.06 per cent) > ephemeral-type ore (6.3 per cent) > white cloud type > beryllium-type ore (4.84 per cent) > sodium-type tremolite ore (3.87 per cent) > cloud-type ore 3.83 per cent >
66%) >White Cloudstone ore (3.30%) >Cold Mother ore ore (1.69%) >Standard orthopaedic orthopaedic orthopaedic ore > >Standed steel shares are exclusive supply of rare earth concentrates with an incomparable advantage at the end of the company's raw materials: 1) Resource advantage: stock of tailings contains 13.885 million tons of rare earth oxides.
It has reached tens of millions of tons of rare earth oxides in tailings. Due to the relative concentration of rare soil after iron selection, the average grade of rare earth in tailings is around 7%. According to the Verification Report on the Storage of iron and rare earth polymetals in the Bay of White Clouds, as of 2014, the tailings were closed, with a reserve of 197 million tons of tailings, which was measured at 7.01% of grade.
The company’s share of steel under the flag of the group completed the acquisition of the tailings bank in 2015 and supplied the company with rare earth concentrates.
The company signed a contract with the steel company for the supply of rare earth concentrates, which in 2022 was adjusted to 27,000 yuan/dry tons. As of 20 May 2022, the market for rare earth concentrates had a tax price of approximately 76,000 yuan/tonne, with a significant cost advantage for the company to rely on the packed steel group for its scarce soil resources.
Figure 29 The North Prefinite Purchase Agreement is far below the market price.
The company’s 22h1 smelting-end quota of 54,000 tons, or 55%, increased by 41% from the same year, accounting for 96% of the overall increase. In recent years, the pattern of supply in rare earth industries has gradually been regulated, with the domestic supply being produced by major rare earth groups based on quotas.
In terms of supply, the 2021 and 22h1 quotas were increased by 20% in the same year, and the quota increases were concentrated on dry and rare soil, with 96% of the increase allocated.
On the basis of the most visible quota indicators, we continue to discuss the contribution of rare earth production to corporate performance. White Clouds, where the Orbogite mine is dominated by fluorocarbon sorghum and monolith, exists mainly in a 2:1 ratio mix of accompanying forms, which is rare.
The distribution of soil oxides is about 75% and 21%, and because the quota figure is equivalent to the amount of synthetic rare earth oxides, it is possible to use the quota*21% as the approximate output of the company, which results in an estimated production of 26.5 million tons in 2022, and a company-specific production of rare earth oxides, rare earth metals and so on.
Undisassembled, thugs, here only a simple quantitative calculation, and detailed product and sales analysis that has a significant impact on company performance, such as oxidation, metal thugs, etc., will be detailed in chapter III on profit projections.
The company is a listed company in the industry that has led the development of rare earth smelting separation, functional materials, applied products, scientific research, and trade-friendly integration. The company relies on a group of holding shareholders to pack steel, to purchase rare earth concentrates produced by its subsidiaries, and to process rare earth concentrates into mixed carbonate or mixed chlorinated rare earth solutions.
Shares or participation companies separate mixed carbonate rare earths into rare earth salts, rare earth oxides, and rare earth metal products. The companies make full use of their resource advantages, develop integrated rare earth industrial chains, promote the extension of rare earth industries to high-value-added areas downstream, and make powerful downstream rare earth functional materials.
Business performance has risen. In 2021, the company produced 30.7 million tons of rare earth magnetic materials and sold 30.2 million tons. This resulted in $6,576 million, an increase of 98.54 per cent, or 88.88 per cent, and a Māori rate of 43.91 per cent, an increase of 23.72 per cent.
In March 2022, the company announced that $14.7 million was to be co-financed with Qingdao Central Gart Electric Co. Ltd. to build a rare-terrestrial permanence electric power plant.
In addition, in October and August 2021, the company proposed a year of joint ventures with Antai technology and its controlling subsidiaries, respectively, to pack rare earth magnets in Mongolia.
New companies producing 5,000 tons of rare earth-based turbo-magnetic products, which are to be used in cash to build a packaged branch project with 8,000 tons of high-performance thorium thalconium alloys. It is easy to find that, although the total capacity is high, most of the company's magnetic products are rollers.
Half-finished products, relatively low profit margins) and low production capacity of iron and iron, with a joint venture with the head of the downstream iron and steel firm, the company is expected to increase the sale of high-end iron and iron and iron and make the best use of upstream raw materials and do a big magnet operation, 2) rare-earth polishing powder: the most useful material.
The polishing material is the product with the highest Māori rate in the company ' s functional materials in recent years, with a dramatic increase in Māori in 21 years over the polishing material due to the price of magnetic materials. In 2021, the company produced 319,000 tons of polished materials, sold 298,000 tons, earned RMB 508 million, an increase of 16.05 per cent, and achieved Māori at 32.42 per cent, an increase over 20 years.
The company’s rare earth polishing operations are currently carried out mainly by four subsidiaries, namely, Smurfette, Bosing Smurfette, Gwansu, and Sunshine. Smurfette now has an annual production of 25,000 tons of smelting separation products (oroxides), 20,000 tons of polishing materials, and at the same time it has the capacity to produce them.
In July 23, the planned expansion of 9,000 tonnes/annual capacity was launched. For the first time, China has an annual production capacity of 7,000 tonnes of polished materials and plans to expand its capacity by 9,000 tonnes/year, which is expected to be completed by May of 25 years.
Rare earth polishing is a mixture of light earth oxide powders, which is a major component of Cerium oxide, and is widely used in optical glass, cellular panels, liquid crystal glass base panels, etc. The concentration of oxidium in the polishing powder can be divided into three categories: low, medium, and high selenium polish powder. Low phosphorus powder is currently most widely used, at low cost, with initial drops.
The difference between light capacity and aluminum polishing is that it's short-lived, and high-silent polishing oxidizes it with a higher taste, longer life, mainly for fine instrument polishing. The 5g switch will further increase the demand for polishing powder.
The demand is highest, at close to 80%. And, with the five-g boom, a new wave of switchboards is driving the intelligent cellular industry forward.
3) rheumatic hydrogen storage operations: Using the green clean energy wind hydrogen is considered the ideal high-density clean energy source, but there is a risk of explosion if the hydrogen storage is not handled properly, and the storage of radon using the radon storage material is not only easy and safe, it can be stored for a long time without loss.
Hydrogen reserves used and developed mainly consist of magnesium-based hydrogen alloys, rare earth-based hydrogen alloys, titanium-based hydrogen alloys, etc. The rare earth-stored hydrogen alloys consist mainly of nickel alloys, which are hydrogen-sorting, easy to activate, put hydrogen at 40 degrees Celsius or more, and have a good hydrogen rate.
The company produces hydrogen storage packages that include lani5 hydrogen alloys and la-mq-ni hydrogen alloys, which have the advantages of a high volume, fast charge, and a long non-polluted life, and which can effectively address the safe storage and transport of hydrogen gas. The company’s hydrogen storage materials operations are mainly through fresh and rare materials from sugar, the mountains and mountains, and the city of Dabowen.
The rapid development of new energy vehicles will lead to a steady increase in hydrogen storage operations. The most widespread application of hydrogen storage material is nickel hydrogen batteries, mainly in mixed-powered cars.
It is proposed that the global car start updating, that the new energy vehicle will grow rapidly, or that the demand for high hydrogen storage materials will be drawn up. A new round will be brought to bear on the company’s performance.
Inner: Major investments in magnets and hydrogen storage companies that are closely linked up and down the industrial chain, through debt swaps or increased cash transfers.a) Magnetic companies transfer 200 million yuan in equity, while at the same time providing $32 million for the purchase of rare earthyards for magnets.
The share ratio of companies is 11%. The share of Northern rare earths in magnets has increased significantly.b) Hydrogen storage companies transfer $70 million of their claims to equity, while increasing cash by $40 million, further raising the competitiveness and profitability of subsidiaries of downstream industries.
(c) The second phase of the expansion of the Northern Rare Land (Anse) Longmagnet Corporation, which has increased the company ' s cash by 54 million dollars, further enhancing the competitiveness of the enterprise and the size and sequencing of its products; and external: further strengthening of the company ' s capital while ensuring the return on financial investment.
(a) Eighty-three million yuan for the acquisition of China's small earth to lay the foundation for companies to further upgrade their metal smelting capacity. (b) Actively pursue national carbon neutrality and invest 840 million yuan in the acquisition of environmental industry companies. Environmental industry companies achieved a net profit of 150 million yuan in the first half of the year.
3.1.1 Rare earth raw material business - rare earth oxides and rare earth metals - as the company's main industry, rare earth smelting and separation products are classified in the financial statements only as rare earth oxides, rare earth salts, rare earth metals. However, production and sales data are not divided, although the ratio of sorghum/smelt elements in the light soil is not divided.
Not about 75 per cent/21 per cent, but the price is at $1 million per ton, and the price is less than $10,000 per ton, so it actually contributes to the main performance, so the disassembly and thugs of the various rare-smelting-smelting-separated products are removed.
So we simply assume that the price of metallic thorium/sorium is 1.2 times the price of thorium/sorium oxide, and therefore we assume that the price of thorium/sorium is 1.2 times the price of thorium oxide/sorium. With regard to price projections, we assume that the price of thorium-type products remains high, assuming 0.7 million oxen this year.
Tons/tons, 900,000 yuan/tons/tons of metal , 10% reduction in prices for the following year, assuming an increase in supply: , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ), , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
So we can split the thallium and thallium sales in rare earth oxides and rare earth metals into the following table: based on the splitting results, we found that the thallium accounted for a drop in the sales of oxides, the thallium was divided into 2019-2021, and we could first divide the structure of the metal products.
We get a fixed annual amount of sorghum based on the silicon fractions so that we use the silicon metal less the oxidation volume (the rare earth metal is produced using the rare earth oxide), and we assume that some of the rare earth oxides that the company extracts from the rare earth smelting are directly reflected in sales, while the other part is used as the rare earth gold.
The raw material enters the next stage of production, assuming that the production of 1 ton of metallic thallium consumes 1.2 tons of oxidium), would result in a relatively reasonable sales volume of oxidium, minus oxidium, based on the projected sales of oxidation, and would be sold in oxidium/merium, so that we would have the structure of the entire rare earth oxide and rare earth metals.
Raw material cost: The standard concentration of rare earth oxides for the sale of concentrates by the shares in package steel is 51 per cent, assuming that 2 tons of fine ore 1 ton of rare earth oxides and 1.2 tons of rare earth oxides 1 ton of rare earth metals. The 2022 fine ore agreement price is $26887.20 per ton, assuming an increase of 10 per cent in subsequent annual agreements.
Precursor earth elements, where we measure concentrates based on the sale of oxen/metal thallium, the quantity of concentrate required for the unit thallium is measured against which the raw material cost is calculated Smelting costs: the operating cost of oxidates and metals is deducted from the cost of purchasing the concentrates, and the remaining production
This is divided by the sales of rare earth oxides and rare earth metals as a unit of smelting costs.
Products, but there are more obvious differences between rare earth salts and two other types of products, and the order in which the oxides and metals are present, it can be said that the company's basic plate is smelted and separated silicon products, but the sale of the silicon products is done in two ways, one directly in the form of oxidation to the trading company and the other in the form of re-selling to the metal plant.
They're internal consumption, processing oxidium into metallic platinum for export, so we're tired of the detailed analysis of the sulfate ratio between rare earth oxides and rare earth metals. From the process route of the company's rare earth smelting, it's known that rare earth salts are carried out from rare earth concentrates using the sulfate method.
The intermediate product smelting, i.e., the front end of the rare earth oxide, is not widely used, and, from the point of view of the collection ratio, the salt harvest is relatively small compared to the oxides and metals. So we simply assume that sales increase by 15 per cent per year, and the unit income and unit operating costs increase by 5 per cent per year.
In 2021, the prices of magnetic materials, polished materials, hydrogen storage materials were +88 per cent, -10 per cent, +22 per cent, and in 2021, the sales of magnetic materials, polished materials, hydrogen storage materials were +6 per cent, +30 per cent and +8 per cent, respectively, and the pattern of supply and demand of rare earth was good and the prices were expected to remain high.
As an absolute leader of the resource, the value of investments in the rare lands of the North cannot be discussed without discussing the overall landscape of the rare earth industry. On the supply side, it is difficult to increase overseas, with both Mandingpas and Linus in Australia.
At a high level, it is difficult to contribute more incrementally, Myanmar suffers from a decline in the quality of its resources due to disorderly exploitation, the closure of the epidemic, the impact of uncertainties such as a sharp decline in domestic imports and political changes, and the continued contribution of raw materials, and the rare earth groups in the South have begun to launch mining in the South; domestic supply is controlled by indicators and production is limited by environmental constraints.
It's hard to have a significant increase. The fall in high prices in the previous few months seems to us to be mainly a two-catalyst: the country's interview with the rare earth group, which controls prices on its own initiative, and the pressure on magnetic mill price transmission, which slows down procurement, in the event of large price fluctuations in q1.
On the demand side, as the epidemic improved everywhere, the resumption of work progressed in an orderly manner, the down-stream orders of the magnetic mill were strong (subsidizing the new energy vehicle requirements of the year's loading and the sea wind-drilled wind demand) and, after a certain period of time, the magnetic mill had been able to carry the high prices down the river, so we thought that the magnet factory was in two.
On the whole, the limited and demand-side growth logic for the rare earth industry is that the rare new energy metals will not have a track that will provide large releases in the next few years, and that will be limited by quotas that will be released only to rare earth groups, with only existing players who can benefit from rare earth heights.
Smelting ends and extension of the downstream material industry chain. Smelting ends are exclusive procurement of the White Cloud Oxyon tailings bank to build resources + cost advantages, with a high quota ratio driving rare earth products to the volume of the product. 1) Grouped steel pack shares are exclusive in the supply of rare earth concentrates, and tailings stocks contain rare earth oxides
In 2022, the company signed a supply contract with steel shares to fix the price of concentrates at $27,000/dry tons, with a significant cost advantage compared to the market price of $76,000/t. 2) The company 22H1 smelting end quota of 54,000 downstream integrated industrial chains developed and made a major effort to produce low-lying soil functional materials. The company is the leader in the industry.
The Borgium ratio is relatively low, with companies combing magnets in the company’s system and working with the head magnets to build up their capital and further improve their voice.
In the same way that the gold is financed, a large investment is made in magnets, which are closely linked to the industrial chain, up and down, and in hydrogen storage companies; and the capital of the company is further enhanced externally, while ensuring the return on financial investment. Rare earth prices fall short of expected risks, quota targets fall short of expected risks, and new downstream energy vehicles and wind from rare earth magnets.
Use of legally compliant information, independent and objective production of this report, the data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information on the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.