Recommended (first cover) High resource barriers, rare earth search north — Northern rare earth (600111.sh) first coverage report
Farming is the world's largest conglomerate of light and rare earth. The company owns a small and rare earth product and insists on a development approach of “making fine and rare earth raw materials, making powerful and rare earth-based materials, and making ad hoc end-use applications” that can produce 11 broad categories of rare earth products, more than 50 species, and nearly 1,000 specifications, which are now in shape.
In 2021, the company 's rare earth salts, rare earth metals, rare earth oxides, magnetic materials, polishing materials, hydrogen storage production q1 achieved a net return profit of 1.56 billion, an increase of 88.5 per cent.
In terms of supply, our rare earth deposits and production are among the highest in the world, and we have strict aggregate controls on rare earth mining, with the first 2022 rare earth mining indicators increasing by 20% to 23%.
In 2021, the Northern rare earth had a share of 58% and 67% of the rare earth market, respectively. In terms of demand, the most widely used of the rare earth-long magnetic material was the iron platinum, whereas in the downstream structure, the share of conventional vehicles, new energy vehicles, industrial applications and wind power was 38%, respectively.
With a double-carbon policy, new energy cars, wind power, and industrial power plants are expected to boost the demand for iron-coated materials efficiently. Corporate integration, combined with resource advantages, builds cost-side competitiveness and creates barriers to competition.
For example, the company smelts rare earth-based raw materials such as oxidation, and further processes rare earth-format magnetic materials, which, in end-use applications, are involved in rare earth-permagnetically resonators, in insofar as they are resource-based.
In 2021 and 2022, among the first indicators for the control of the total amount of light and rare earth, the company became competitive.
The company’s future performance will continue to grow as the volume of its products rises. We expect it to grow. For the first time, it will be covered, with a “recommended” rating.
Companies: Global Light and Rare Land Dragons, with high performance growth 1.1. Deep-cultivation industries that create the global rare earth Dragons Deep-ploughing industries that create the largest light and rare earth groups in the world. Corporate owners of light and rare earth products insist on “doing”.
It's good to make rare earth raw materials. It's good to do rare earth-based materials. It's good to do special end-use applications." It's an idea to produce 11 broad categories of rare earth products, more than 50 species, and nearly a thousand specifications. As industry's structure and size continue to improve, the company has become the world's largest supplier of light and rare earth, and it's me.
In 1961, the company’s predecessor, the 8861 rare earth laboratory, was established: in 1997 the company was established on the basis of its triad of rare earths, the rarest of mines.
In the course of its development, the company’s industrial chain continued to expand. In 2000, the company marched into deep-processed products such as hydrogen, power cells, and two magnetic materials in 2010 and 2018, respectively.
Figure 2. The company's industrial chain continues to expand in the course of its development.
According to the quarterly reports, the three former shareholders of the company are currently limited liability for the heads of steel (groups), Garang Ltd. and Hong Kong Central Clearing House Ltd., respectively, holding 69.15 per cent of the shares held by the Government of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, and are effectively controlled by the company.
The product consists of rare earth raw material products, rare earth-functional material products and some rare earth-based end-use products, of which rare earth raw products include rare earth salts, rare earth oxides and rare earth metals, which are downstream rare soil.
The rare earth material products include rare earth magnetic materials, polished materials, hydrogen storage materials, catalytic materials, which are mainly used in the production of applications such as magnets, polish powder (liquids), nickel hydrogen batteries, etc.
The company has continued to expand its operations, and its main products have increased in volume, with the exception of rare earth oxides. With the exception of rare earth oxides, the company’s output has increased year by year from 2019 to 2021.
In 2021, the company increased the sales of rare earth salts, rare earth metals, rare earth oxides, magnetic materials, polished materials, oxidates, magnetic materials, polished materials, hydrogen storage materials by 16 per cent, 16 per cent, q1 battalion in 2022, and the mainstream product was high.
In 2021, companies collected 61.3% and 0.3%, respectively, of rare earth applications. In rare earth products, rare earth metals.
And magnetic material is the dominant product, with 47.1 per cent and 35.3 per cent, respectively, which is expected to increase further in the size of the company’s revenues as the future capacity of the company continues to rise, owing mainly to the recovery in the price of the product, with clear cost advantages and economies of scale.
Total corporate costs have increased slightly, and the cost rate has continued to decline. In absolute terms of cost, q1 company costs totalled 416 million in 2022, an increase of 21.7 per cent over the same period.
In 2021, there was a significant increase in the net return of a company to its mother, with a significant increase in profitability. The total annual return of a company to its mother was $5.13 billion, an increase of 462.3 per cent over the year, and a high rate of increase in the size of a company ' s net profit.
Figure 14.2022 q1 net interest rate maintained up line 2. Industry: energy transition plus policy constraints, rare earth-smoking upscale 2.1. Overview: rare earth applications are widespread and climate cycles are on the rise
The rare earth consists of 17 elements, and the rare earth-functional material is one of the key elements in the strategy of creating a powerful nation. The rare earth element is the 17 elements that are collectively described as being dependent on the structure, ion radius, chemical properties and symbiotic conditions in the minerals as light, heavy and rare sub-clans and light earth elements.
There are seven elements of lower atomic sequences and smaller mass: the heavy earth elements have a higher number and mass of atoms and are ten other elements. The rare earth elements have excellent thermal, optical, magnetic, etc., with rare earth magnetic materials, rare earth hydrogen storage materials, rare earth catalytic materials, rare earth light material.
In terms of upstream mineral selection, the main rare earth minerals are fluorocarbide, monolithite, etc. In terms of processing, mining, etc.
For downstream applications, further production can result in catalytic materials, permanence materials, and so on. For end-use applications, applications include traditional industries such as agriculture, metallurgical industries, etc., and are also applied to new and emerging industries, as shown.
It's luminous materials, power cells, military, precision electronic components, etc. The field of rare earth applications has expanded with economic development, and the value of new energy vehicles, rare earth permanent magnets, industrial robotics, defence engineering equipment, etc. has become apparent.
Figure 16. Overview of rare earth industrial chains. Prices of the main rare earth products, with the exception of the triads, have risen since 2021.
In March 2022, the price of Wang Seong increased significantly, until the Ministry of Trade and Communications interviewed the main points of the price. 98, 0.84, 0.88 million yuan per ton, and the price of the thongs were clearly higher. The lower price of the thongs was due to the fact that the oil cracks were catalytic and glowing downstream.
2.2. Supply: Industry is highly concentrated, stocks continue to decline, and our rare earth reserves are abundant, accounting for about 37 per cent of the global total. As of late 2021, according to the United States Geological Survey (USGS), China ' s rare earth deposits stood at 44 million tons.
The world is ranked first, accounting for 36.7 per cent of global reserves; apart from China and China, the countries with larger deposits of rare earth are Viet Nam, Brazil, Russia and India, with 2200, 2100, 2100 and 6.9 million tons in 2021, or 18 per cent, 18 per cent, 18 per cent and 6 per cent respectively.
We are the largest producer of rare earth mines, accounting for 60% of total global production. As of the end of 2021, according to the United States Geological Survey, China had 168,000 tons of rare earth minerals, the largest production in the world, accounting for 60% of total global production.
Ten thousand tons, or 15 per cent, 9 per cent, 8 per cent and 3 per cent, respectively. Since 2017, we have experienced a high rate of growth in rare earth mining, with the first rare earth mining indicators in 2022 marking a record high.
In terms of production, the target for the first rare earth minerals was 10.08 million tons in 2022, an increase of 20 per cent over the previous year, of which the target for the first batch of rock ore ore ore (light ore ore) in 2022 was 89,000 tons, an increase of 23 per cent over the previous year.
Historical data show that since 2017 there has been a high growth in the mining of our rare and rare earth mines.
In 2021, exports of rare earth products were at a new high. For rare earth exports, in 2021, 108,000 tons of rare earth and its products were exported, of which 49,000 tons were exported, and exports of rare earth and its products were at an all-time high, owing mainly to the recovery of the overseas epidemic in 2021 and the high downstream trend.
In 2014, our rare earth exports rose and peaked in 2018, and in 2020 they fell sharply as a result of the epidemic. According to the Customs Department, our rare earth exports are currently dominated by rare earth compounds in 2021.
Exports of earth compounds amounted to 39,500 tons, or 80.7 per cent of the total; exports of rare earth metals amounted to 0.94 million tons, or 19.3 per cent of the total.
Figure 26.2021 shows that our exports are dominated by rare earth compounds, with six leading rare earth enterprises participating in the market, with a share of 58% in the northern rare earth market in 2021. For the industrial sector, our rare earth mining is highly qualified for access, and the State requires the national extraction of rare earth minerals.
By four major rare earth groups in the North, China, Guangdong, and thong tungsten industries. On the market pattern, based on the combined indicator of extraction and smelting separation of light and rare earth, the largest indicator of distribution of rare earth in the North was in 2021, with a total of 190,000 rare earth mining and smelting-smelting-separated products combined.
In addition to companies, the share of the South and China ' s rare earth market was 21 per cent and 12 per cent, respectively.
Figure 28.2021: The share of the Northern rare earth market was 58%.
▪ Total aggregate distribution of mining and smelting separation by enterprises in 2021: tons  China's rare earth (China's rare earth group)  China's rare mineral rare earth (China's rare earth group)
In light soil, industry is involved.
According to the 2021 indicator for the control of the total distribution of rock-type rare earth (lightly rare earth) mining in China, the target for northern rare earth mineral products is 100,000 tons, with a market share of about 67 per cent: the target for southern rare earth is 34,000 tons, or 23 per cent of the total: China's rare earth finger
The target is 15,000 tons, or 10 per cent of the ratio. In the second half of 2020, stocks of rare earths began to be stockpiled. For example, in the case of rare soil, the total stock of oxidized soil was 0.33 million tons as at 10 June 2022, a decline of 12 per cent in the same year;
In the six months since the beginning of the year, the stock of rare soils in the country has been significantly reduced, mainly due to high demand, while in Myanmar, insufficient mining imports and power restrictions have affected supply.
Figure 32. From the second half of 2020, the country's metal platinum was removed from its stocks.
In 2021, our rare earth was used mainly in the fields of permanence magnetic materials, metallurgy/mechanicals, petrochemicals, among which permanence magnetic materials were the largest consumer plates downstream of the rare earth, accounting for 42% of the consumption structure in 2021.
A magnetized material that combines rare earth metals such as thorium and thorium into alloys, which are then immagnetized by magnetic field. The rare earth permanence material is divided into cobalt and thorium thorium thorium thorium thorium thorium thorium, which is the third-generation material with the highest magneticity, the most widely used and the dominant one.
The material to be used is oxidium.
Under the energy-saving trend, new energy vehicles, wind power and industrial power plants are expected to boost the demand for iron thorium permagnetic materials efficiently. In the structure downstream, the share of conventional cars is 38%; in addition to cars, the main applications are new energy vehicles, industrial applications and wind power, 12%, 11%, 10%, respectively.
The main applications are wind-powered generators and new-energy vehicles. The country is now highly focused on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly construction.
2.3.1. New energy vehicles: The growth space is significant, and the ion magnets gradually replace the turbium, which is used for the manufacture of ion-magnetic-synchronous machines and is used in large quantities in new energy vehicles. The electric-powered motor hosts the currents, which are ion-magnetic-synchronous machines, have, by comparison, ion-magnesy-synchronous machines.
With high reliability, low quality, and good controller performance, new-energy cars are now commonly used as electromagnetic cots. As core materials of the ion-magnetic-synchronous machines, pyroclastics play an important role in new-energy vehicles. High-performance thorium-long-magnets are used to make permanence magnets for core components in the ion-synchronous machines.
The rotor and other mini-electrics play a major role. According to sea magnets, new-energy cars use about 2 kg of peregrine. In traditional cars, high-performance carbon is used mainly in microelectrics and eps, and countries are pushing car electric transformation under environmental pressure. New-energy vehicles use unconventional car combustion.
For example, under environmental pressure, countries are making a major effort to develop a new energy vehicle industry by reducing tail gas emissions, reducing the consumption of oil resources. For our part, the new energy purchase subsidy will end by the end of 2022, with targets in the action programme to reach carbon peaks by 2030.
A 40 per cent penetration rate for new energy vehicles by 2030 is projected to be 29 per cent of new energy vehicle sales in 2021-2025, which is the main factor behind the increase in demand for acryllium. According to vsales, global new energy vehicle sales in 2021 grew by 107 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
A total of 6.440,000 vehicles. New energy vehicles are in the making and long-term demand is good in the future. According to thevtank, global sales of new energy vehicles are expected to be 18 million vehicles, with a 29% capr in 2025, and new energy vehicles are looking to boost demand for iron and iron.
2.3.2. Wind power: Future growth is clear, permeable permutations of ploughs are constant, and permeability is expected to increase for the production of verbs in wind power.
The current wind engine hosts use two-bender power generators, but they have high operating maintenance costs, mechanical losses and wear-out of gear boxes, while the turpent power drivers can avoid mechanical failures and systems are more efficient due to the absence of gear boxes.
But the price is now higher. In the future, the development of wind power technology is the direction in which future market penetration is expected to increase.
Global wind power has been installed at 108gw per year, and wind power is important for environmental protection and will be better in the long term. On the domestic front, according to the Beijing Declaration on Wind Energy, the Declaration refers to the development goal of guaranteeing an average of over 50 million kilowatts per year during the Tenth and Fourth Five-Year Plan; on the overseas side, gweb projects.
On the whole, according to the Beijing Declaration on Wind Energy and gWec, the projected global wind power loads for 2022-2025 are 95, 101, 116, 127gw. The permeability of the permeability of the permeable magnetic drivers increases to the top of the wind.
▪ Foreign wind and wind loads gw and domestic wind loads gw 2.3.3. Industrial power generators: replacement space is wide, long-magnetization power is significant, rare earth permanence is energy efficient, and space is wide.
In industry, including textiles, fibre optics, oil, mining, etc.. The low resistance to electric motors for rare earth ionmagnetic synchronous motors compared to the traditional three-step electrical motors has led to a significant reduction in the temperature rise and total loss of electric motors, with a saving rate of about 10-40% and a temperature rise of 15-20°C.
In this context, the country has a policy of double energy consumption, with carbon neutralization and carbon peaking targets. The rare earth-based electromagnetic motors have the potential to contribute to industrial energy conservation and a wide future.
3. Trends: Cost advantages combined with quota increases, performance growth is achievable 3.1. Multiple advantages are held up, cost-side competitiveness is sufficient 3.1.1. Full industrial layout and industrial chain integration is achieved
Of the raw materials, the company refines and separates 120,000 tonnes/year (dioxide) and 1.6 million tonnes/year of rare earth metal production.
In rare earth terminals, companies now have magnetic materials, rare earth end layouts for ion magnetic electromechanical machines, rare earth ion magnetic resonance imaging machines with 100 units/years, hybrid cars with a circular nickel hydrogen power cell capacity of 1 million units/year, and led with a containment capacity of 6 billion units/year.
Corporate whole-chain coverage and integrated competitive advantage. Companies develop in an integrated and downstream way along the chain of rare earth industries, with products containing rare earth raw materials, rare earth-functional material products and some rare earth-based end-use products, building a competitive advantage in the whole industry chain.
The rare earth deposits form rare earth raw material products such as oxidation, carbonate, oxidation, and metallic platinum, which are processed step by step to form rare earth magnetic materials, and in end-use applications companies are involved in rare earth permagnetic resonators, ionmagnetic electrons, etc., and form whole-of-industry chain coverage for the products of platinum.
Figure 45. The company achieves mid- and downstream integration in the chain of rare earth industries. 3.1.2. Resource advantages are prominent, working with steel to reduce costs.
The Autonomous Region of Inner Mongolia, under cover of approximately 248 square kilometres in the north-west of the Ulanzabu steppe, is divided into the main mining area, the eastern mining area, the western mining area, the eastern Middle-Gregrad mining area and the eastern contact belt, among others. It is the largest “iron-skinned” complex in the country, with the exclusive right of mining by the steel-packing group.
71 elements, 175 minerals, detected iron ore reserves of 1.4 billion tons, ore on average 34 per cent of grade;
About 130 million tons; potassium-rich rock plate deposits of over 100 million tons.
Resources such as rare earth and fluorescent stones are gradually transferred to tailings banks during the process of mining.
For iron tailings and rare earth tailings, for mining purposes, the White Clouds may be divided into oxides and magnetics, oxygen, part of the iron-selected tailings and part of the iron-selected tailings to be removed directly from the tailings deposits, and the other part to be used for the extraction of rare earths and the extraction of rare earths from the tailings deposits; the magnetics after the iron-selected tailings are discharged directly into the tailings deposits, so that the resources such as the rare earth are channelled directly into the tailings.
The White Cloud Obo mine is gradually being transferred to the tailings bank, and the tailings dam is rich in a large amount of fluorine, sorghum, etc., which is also a storage site for the rare earth.
Figure 48. Overlooking view of the Bayau tailings Repository with a rich and rare earth equivalent to the original mineral content.
As of 30 November 2013, the tailings reserve at the tailings bank was 197 million tons, of which about 13,82 million tons were stored in rare earth and 43,92 million tons in fluorescent. The average grade (reo) of rare land in the tailings is around 7%, which corresponds to the original mineral level, and is available for production for approximately the length of service.
Stewardship shares create a resource advantage for rare earth concentrates. In 2015, Stewardship shares acquired the tailings of the Steam Group and engaged in rare earth concentrates; Stewardship of the Stewardship Group mined by the Stewardship Group; Stewardship of the Stewardship Group; Stewardship of stone; Stewardship of the Stewardite produced; Stewardship of steel shares; Stewardship shares; Stewardship shares will be rare.
In terms of cost, the company’s rare earth concentrate agreement price is lower than the market price and lags behind.
Reo = 50 per cent) transaction price of $39189/t (excluding taxes), 1 per cent/reo and $783.78/tonne/tonne (excluding taxes) plus/tonne/tonne/tonne/tonne/tonne/t$0000/tonne/tonne/tonne/t$0000/tonne/t$0000/t$0000/tonne/t$070 per cent) is significantly lower than the price of the negotiated price, despite the increase in the price of the agreement.
-Shanghai non-ferrous carbonate rare earth (reo 42.0-45.0 per cent) with an average tax spot price of ten thousand yuan per ton - company agreement price (reo = 51 per cent) continues to tilt the quota to guarantee future growth of the company
In recent years, with the development of the rare earth industry, the State has continued to adopt policies to promote the healthy and orderly development of the industry. Among these, volume control is a major requirement, and in 2005 the State Council introduced the protection of certain mineral species from the ion.
The rare earth mines were expanded to all the rare earth mines in the country, and since 2006 the national rare earth mining companies have been given a total rare earth mining control indicator. The annual rare earth increment indicator for 2021 is distributed to the company.
On the other hand, according to the total control indicator of rock ore rare earth minerals reo, the annual increase in the company in 2021 was distributed to the company as a concentration of the annual increase in light and rare earth in 2021.
The Ministry of Resources issued the first volume control indicator for rare earth mining in 2022. According to tons of rock ore rare earth mines, this represents 96% of last year’s total increase in light and rare earth.
Performance levels will continue to rise. Let's assume: (1) that the price of rare earth products will remain at the current level in 2022, with a steady upward trend followed; (2) that the sales of corporate products will meet the firm's market-oriented objectives; (3) that the successor companies will continue to receive new rare earth quotas.
The Māori level of the two main business blocks of material, rare earth-functional material, will be $10.312 billion, 21.56, respectively, and the company’s future performance will continue to be spread with a higher volume of products. We expect the first coverage, with a “recommended” rating.
Domestic policies on rare earth mining have been tightened; demand for new energy vehicles has not grown as expected; foreign policies on rare earth extraction have been tightened: if domestic policies on rare earth extraction are tightened in the future, they will have an impact on the sale of corporate products.
The growth in demand for new energy vehicles is not as high as expected: if the future growth in the production and sale of new energy vehicles is slowed by factors such as the epidemic, it may lead to a decline in demand for rare land. The supply of rare land from abroad is more than expected: if the supply of scarce land from abroad is higher than expected, it may be expected.
This has had an impact on the price of rare earth as a whole and on the sale price of the company ' s products.