5g+Cloud Calculating Core Tracks + Quality Conveyment + Capable Data Flows Core Section, 07.03.20, benefiting 5g+ Data Centre+Repository Trends
Companies occupy the core path of data flows: from the access end (5g base station) to the transmission network to the cloud end (servers, switches), with the capacity to produce volumes of backboards, high-speed multilayers, multifunctional metal base panels, envelopes, etc., which are core indicators of high-growth data flows.
5g base station pcb core supplier, with 5g infrastructure leading to a high level of certainty of performance, and an increase in the number of 5g base station numbers will increase the demand to directly pull pcb. 5g base station antennas and architecture changes result in a significant increase in the value of single station.
In 2020, the pcb market space connected to the global 5-g-hungji station was about $19 billion, and the Chinese market was about $9.5 billion. Compared to the trend of Xianjin 300, the unit calculates capital costs to warm back, and the demand for the switchboard and server is raised with pcb.
Global cloud vendor capital spending has recovered from 19q3 and will lead to an increase in data centre switches and server output. Exchange rate upgrades (from 25gb to 100gb/400gb) and pcie 4.0 standard upgrades will increase the difficulty of manufacturing pcb processes.
Yearly, the product should be used for medium- and high-end communications, servers, with expected post-partum income of 1,529 million yuan, with a total profit of 299 million yuan. With the launch of the two-phase project in March 20, the company will benefit directly from the construction of the data centre.
With low national production rates, high technical difficulties, low-tin-free location storage, the company has a huge potential to grow with storage facilities such as the Yangtze River storage, the Longsun integration, etc., as well as increased national production of chips. The year is 63, 45, and 36 times higher.
The lead enterprises, which are technologically strong, have high-quality customers, are stable, are based on the elasticity of the growth of corporate performance, maintain public1 and increase competition in the industry: 2; production capacity is not as fast as expected: 3; the price volatility of raw materials is at risk. 1. Deep south circuits (002916), 1.
2. Deep South Circuit (002916): O3 outperforms expectations and high profitability
I. For more than 30 years, the pcb industry built its leaders (i) to focus on the pcb business, and to create a unique “3-in-one” profile of the industry, with the capital pcb taking the lead. Since its establishment in 1984, the company has focused on the area of electronic connectivity, and in 2008 it introduced a unique industry.
The “3-in-one” operation was deployed in 2009 in the area of envelope boards. After more than three decades of development, the company has become a global leading radio base station radio-frequency (RF)pcb supplier, the major aerospace pcb provider in the Asia-Pacific region, with top global clients such as Hua, Nokia, Naking, Collins Aviation, Hornwell, and Ge Medical.
(ii) Rapid growth in performance, steady increase in profitability, high growth in performance and steady increase in profitability. Income cagr was 24 per cent in 2014-2019 and net return cagr was 45 per cent in 2019; performance was quick to report: $10.5 billion in revenue, a 38 per cent increase in the same year; net return to mothers was $1.23 billion, a year-on-year increase
Roe is at a high level in the industry. According to a study by the Prismark 2019q1, the company ranked 14th in 2018 as a global pcb manufacturer. In 2015-2019h1, the company ' s Roe is at a higher level in the industry, with 20.24% in 2018.
The printing of circuit boards accounted for more than 70% of the revenue. The printing of circuit boards, enveloped boards, and the three largest electronics union operations in 2018 accounted for US$ 729 million and US$ 729 million. The pcb operations, which accounted for the largest share of corporate revenue, have remained at around 70% in recent years.
The Māori rate has risen steadily, and the contribution of high Māori products has increased. After the decline, the Māori rate has risen steadily since 2017, with 22.40 per cent and 23.13 per cent respectively, mainly due to stable output from the production bases, high capacity utilization, the effects of scale and the optimal product structure: active outreach to offshore clients to achieve phased results and sales from offshore core clients.
Revenue from sales has increased significantly, raising the overall Māori rate.
The company is effectively controlled by China Aviation Industries Group Ltd., the controlling shareholder China Air International Holdings Ltd. holds 69.05% of the company’s shares and has a centralized equity structure. Currently, the company has five major subsidiaries, including no tin-deep South and no south-south-deep South, all of which have production bases, including pcb, pcba, etc.
Combined competitiveness and international high-quality customers. In the context of the further transfer of global production capacity, 5 g pulls the pcb demand in the field of communications, with high environmental policy pressures, price increases for raw materials, and technological upgrades contributing to increased concentration in the pcb sector.
With the ability to deliver large quantities and deliver them in a timely manner, the quality of high-quality and stable products and the quality of business management excellence, long-term and stable partnerships have been established with China, Naking, Nokia, Honiwe, ge, Bosch, Biadi, Ideas, Sunshine, etc., and high-quality and stable customer resources have guaranteed the company ' s long-term stable development.
The company focuses on high-school-end manufacturing with high technical content and relatively high-end applications of products such as backboards, high-speed multilayers, multifunctional metal base panels, thick copper plates, high-frequency microwave panels, scratching boards, envelopes, etc. Silicon microphone envelopes for smartphones such as apples and tristars, with more than 30% of the global market.
Figure 11: Deep South R & D costs are stable (millions of dollars) Figure 12: Deep South R & D costs are higher than in industry.
(i) A major change in the structure of the 5g base station, with the pcb volume up, the 5g base station antenna being sourced and more integrated. Due to a wider spectrum and bandwidth, 5g uses large-scale antenna technology (massivemimo). The number of the 5g antenna channels increased from 4/8 channels at 4g to 64 routes, with the antenna booming.
In contrast to 4g, the 5g base station antenna and radio frequency units rru were integrated into the new active antenna unit aau. The mimo antenna system increased communications capacity and the antenna system evolved from individual antennas to array antennas and multiple antennas.
The value of the 5g base station antenna pcb is raised. 5gaau integrates vibrations, functions, filters, etc. to pcb. The increase in the number of components will increase the area of the aau pcb, while the transmission performance and demand for high frequency material is higher and the pcb in aau price 5g base band structure is significantly changed. 5g base station uses the cu/du separation structure and bbu band is partially split.
The network is reconfigured into three functional entities: cu, du, aau. The 5g base station is typically composed of 1 cu and multiple du.
The 5g base station base band has a higher value of pcb. The 5g base station capacity, the number of channels, will increase to 4g, the 5g base band will require a higher frequency rate, the number of layers, the size and the combination of photovoltaics for pcb. The bus speed is moving from 25gbps to 56gbps, the core equipment has a high speed pcb layer of 40 or more, and the value of pcb in bbu will increase significantly.
Figure 20: The 5g base station was opened in pcb with an increased deployment of bbu3900 base band (ii) 5g base station. The 5g base station network is mainly supported by macro-based stations and small base stations.
Based on the 5g frequency 3.5 ghz, the 4g frequency 2.4 ghz assumes that the 5g signal will cover the same area as 4g, and the number of the 5g macro station will double the number of the 4g base station. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, in 2019, more than 130,000 base stations were built throughout the country in 19 and by the end of 1919 the number of 4g base stations had reached 5.44 million, or 64.7 per cent of the total base station.
China’s 5g base station is expected to reach a total of 5.53 million. The country’s 5g base station is expected to be established in 19/20/21 at 13/80/10 million stations, with an overseas base station relay for 21 years, which will bring firm short-term growth in base station pcb, and an increase in the number of 5g base stations, which will directly boost the demand for pcb. China’s 5g base station is projected to be 5.53 million stations and China’s 4g base station is expected to increase.
The number of stations is about half of the world’s population, and conservatively forecast that the total global demand for macro-based stations will exceed 11 million. Ten thousand yuan, the global market space for pcb, which was pulled by the 5-g-based station in 2020, is about 19 billion yuan, the Chinese market is about 9.5 billion yuan, and the world’s pcb market is about 25.7 billion yuan by 2022.
The 5g share will continue to rise as communications markets recover, such as benefiting 5g. Communications pcb are more demanding for technology and process than in other areas, and product complexity and integration will increase further with the construction of 5g-scale infrastructure, and the use of high-frequency high-speed materials will increase further.
At the upper end of product positioning, communications is the largest downstream market. The company’s pcb products are mainly aimed at communications, industrial medicine, aviation, servers, and have high-quality customers such as Hwa, Naking, Nokia, Samsung, etc.
iii. Cloud computing heights drive growth in communications pcb operations (i) cloud computing enters the weather cycle. Cloud computing capital spending enters the recovery cycle. According to synergyresearch, 19q3 includes Google, Amazon, Microsoft.
According to the Factset, capital spending by five major cloud producers is projected to be $83.1 billion in 2020, an increase of 11%. According to gartner, the size of the global public cloud market will grow to $28.91 billion in 2021.
According to the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, China ' s public cloud market will reach 12,98 billion yuan in 2021, a year-on-year increase of US$ 21 million, representing 21 per cent of total expenditure. In China ' s official network, servers account for 69 per cent of the expenditure on cloud computing hardware, and storage equipment accounts for 69 per cent of total expenditure.
Figure 28: Servers account for a large portion of expenditure on cloud computing hardware. Cloud computing led to a recovery in server output. According to idc, the global total of servers was 11,850,000 in 2018, an increase of 15.7 per cent over the same period, according to digitimes, a global server load of 6.5 per cent in 2019-2022.
Calculating the periodic warming of capital expenditure and the expected recovery of server output. The interface bus standard is moved from pcie 3.0 to 4.0/5.0 and the server pcb board is more difficult to process. The more widely applied pcie 3.0 transmission rate is 8 gbps, pcie 4.0 pcie to 16 gbps, pcie 5.0 pcie to 32 gbps, material grade.
The speedier pcie 4.0/5.0 will gradually be applied, and the pcb processing difficulty will increase. The company has a solid accumulation of server board technology, raising the standard for the benefit interface.
(ii) Data centre upgrades to pcb performance and needs Data centre exchange rate upgrades and expansions to pcb. 25g switch upgrades to 100g or even 400g, corresponding transmission rates from 28gbps to 56gbps, ccl material upgrades from full to sull, pcb layers,
The production process has become more difficult. The company has high-speed exchange pcb production capacity, working with customers like Hua, to upgrade the rate of exchange driven by deep-beneficiary data centres.The high-speed exchange penetration rate has increased to 3.2% in the Tainet market.
Exchange receipts amounted to $7.32 billion, an increase of 0.1 per cent over the same period, of which the 10gb switch, an increase of $1.44 billion, an increase of 32.8 per cent over the same year, the exchange switch, a gain of $460 million, an increase of 68 per cent over the same year. The 10gb and 1gb exits showed a small increase, but a decline in the rest led to a decline in revenues. The global exchange market is expected to reach $30.7 billion in 2020, an increase of 3.6 per cent over the same period.
According to idc, global exchange market players include mainly Ciscos, Huahuas, Arstas, Hewlett-Packards, and Xinhua, with a share of more than 70% of the top five. One-year-old production is abundant in hand orders. The area of communications is the downstream area with the largest share of corporate revenue.
The high-density multi-layered circuit board (phase I) project (referred to as “Twice Project”) reached production at the end of 18th year, with a design capacity of 340,000 square metres/year and a capacity utilization rate of 19h1 at 98.34 per cent, yielding a revenue of $505 million.
(Additional capacity of 580,000 square metres per year) for high- and medium-end communications, servers, expected post-partum income of 1,529 million yuan, total profit of 299 million yuan, Māori rate of 29.7 per cent, company stock orders in advance of the second full period, 19h1-related product orders valued at $274 million.
Over $8.5 billion. Project two is scheduled to be produced online in March 20, and the construction of the plant infrastructure and equipment has now been completed.
1. The enveloped base plate is the key carrier in the chain containment of the iC industry, which is technically difficult.
A high density, high-foot, high-performance, miniaturized and lightly thinned plate with technical parameters well above Hdi and normal pcb, requiring more sophisticated inter-layer-to-position technology, electroplating capability, drilling technology. For example, a chip-enveloped base plate for mobile product processors has a width/wire range of 20 m20 mm.
In the next 2-3 years, it will be reduced to 15 μm/15 μm, 10 μm/10 μm. The company has a minimum linear width/wire distance for processing 20 μm/20 μm, a minimum aperture of 65 μm, a minimum aperture of 135 μm, a high density of a thin minimum of 100 μm, high accuracy sealing chips and base plates.
The ic board is an important component of semiconductor encapsulation material. The value of the ic board is high as an important carrier connecting the chip to the main board. According to Semi, the value of the encapsulation board is about 40% of the total semiconductor encapsulation material. According to Prismark, the global ic board output in 2018 was 12% of the pcb total.
Some countries, such as the Yangtze River storage, the Yangtze integration, and other countries, have achieved mass production, and companies such as long power and technology, access to micro-electricity, and Chinese technology are upgrading to advanced stages.
The demand for domestic envelopes has been growing. Prismark projects a complex annual growth rate of about 5.5% between 2016 and 2020, significantly higher than in other regions, and higher than other pcb products. The global seals industry is moving towards mainland China, and the futures of the envelopes are shifting in scope.
The storage plate accounts for about 25% of the requirements for the ic board, domestic storage is in the process of rapid development, ic-boarding is nationalized, Chinese storage company multi-bureau, and pullback storage plate requirements are currently low. The ic-boards are nationalized, and the domestic storage industry has achieved dram, noor and nad volume production, including Jinhua, Longseng storage, China Hari International, Wuhan.
We are still in the early stages, with low product self-sufficiency, limiting the development of the entire industrial chain of integrated circuits. The market for integrated circuits is large, but the self-sufficiency rate is still low; according to China’s customs statistics, China’s integrated circuit access in 2018 is still low.
Our integrated circuit industry, which for many years has been the country’s largest import commodity, has a very large import replacement space. Given the high technology threshold, the self-sufficiency of the enveloped base plate is particularly low, and the current global envelope-plate industry is dominated by Japanese, Korean and Taiwan-based pcb firms, such as umtc, ibden, semco, and the top ten globally.
In the interior, the sealing of the boards started late, and the national production replacement space was larger. The main sealing of the boards in the interior is still occupied by Taiwan and foreign-owned companies, such as Xinjin Electronics, Xinjin Technology and South Asian Electrics in Taiwan.
The main ic-boarding products include mems-mic, fp, lf, storage-type envelopes, which generated $501 million in the first half of 2019 for the company ' s board business, with a Māori rate of 27.82 per cent. (ii) Deep South circuit reserves are well advanced.
The company now has autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs) in the production techniques and processes of the encapsulation boards, has an operating system in the field of integrated circuits, and has a leading competitive advantage in the partial segment of the market. The silicon microphone envelopes are heavily used on smartphones like apples and three stars, with global markets accounting for more than 30%; radio frequency models.
A large amount of the packaged base plate is used for the 3g and 4g mobile phone radio frequency modules: the high-end storage chip applied to the embedded storage chip. A large amount of the packaged base plate has been produced: in respect of the processor chip envelopes, the inverted coated base plate has the capacity to produce. The production process leads the country.
Projects such as the development and industrialization of the dense, multilayered base plate manufacturing process, “The development and industrialization of three-dimensional high-density base plate and high-performance cpu containment technology”, have successfully mastered the core technology of the board, with bulk production capacity, and the production process is at a national lead level, as shown in the following table:
The company has been working on the envelope board since 2009 and has established good partnerships with leading global sealers such as Sunshine, Escort, and Long Electric Technology. The company has a natural geographical and cost advantage compared to the South Korean, Japanese, and Taiwanese envelopers.
By the end of 2018, the company had a capacity of 290,000 square metres/year. The company's new tin-free base plate factory, which was tested online in June 2019, provided high-end high-secret plate products for the storage market, designed to produce 600,000 square metres/year, is now in the production-capable slope phase, storage class.
Development of key clients is progressing as expected.V. Profit forecasting and valuation analysis doubles the average value of companies compared to 34 times that of 2020, taking into account the fact that companies are leading companies in the pcb field in the country, technology is real.
Strong, high-quality and stable customers, based on the elasticity of corporate performance growth, maintain corporate “recommended” ratings. 1; increased competition in the industry; 2; less than expected pace of production; 3; risk of price fluctuations in raw materials.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.