28 May 2025, in order to optimize the output structure, some of the company's kilns are in a cooling phase, generating a certain amount of revenue for the company.
Companies have stepped up their efforts to develop innovations and continuously optimize product formulations and production technologies. In 2024, companies increased their investment in technology development and product innovation by 0.47 percentage points.
At the same time, the Department works with leading firms in the industry to improve the overall competitiveness of corporate products. Based on the market’s lighter quantitative and thinner demand for two-bond components, the company revolves around existing dominant products.
Main data, May 27, 2025. Photovoltaic glass. Continuous research and exploration of photovoltaic glass formulations and production techniques to achieve lighter, higher spectroscopy, better spectral compatibility, more resistance and effective help to light.
The company is expected to further strengthen its competitiveness by upgrading manufacturing processes, optimizing kiln technology, reducing low unit combined energy consumption, and increasing the rate of photovoltaic glass production. The company has significant advantages in size and stable operating cash flow.
At 19,400 tonnes/day of total production capacity, the company’s Ensign and Nanton projects will operate according to market conditions. At the same time, the company plans to invest in the construction of photovoltaic kilns in Indonesia to meet the demand for photovoltaic glass in different countries and regions.
Billion dollars, right for the seventh quarter of a row, and corporate cash flows have remained stable. At present, the company's market share is in the first two, with more than 50% in the glazing glass industry, and the company as the first class in the industry has significantly ahead of the second and third line.
Investment advice: Firms operate robustly and are expected to consolidate industry leadership. Companies are expected to double, 18 times, 14 times, and maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.