Event: The company published a quarterly report on 25 April 2023, q1 achieving operating income and returning to the mother \triangleright Chinese aluminium industry (60160.sh)
In 2023, q1 achieved business income, Q1 achieved business income, Q2 increased business income, –21.95 per cent, and Q2 realized net profit gains.
The average price of aluminum in 2023 was $18,456 per ton for q1 Yangtze, a decline of 16.8 per cent and 1.6 per cent respectively for the same year, and we believe that the decline in the price of electrolytic aluminum is the main reason for the decline in corporate business income. The decline in raw material prices is the result of fluctuations in the company’s commodity prices at q1
In this context, performance has been slightly reduced and the ring rebounded, in part, and the advantages of corporate q1 integration have emerged, with potential growth in the production of electrolytic aluminum. The company is an electric aluminum head enterprise that integrates the domestic bauxite-aluminum-ioxide chain, and currently owns bauxite ore abroad.
Aluminium oxide and predating alimentary self-sufficiency rate of 100%, which is expected to rise to 70% with the completion of the Guangxi Aluminium and American bauxite Project.
The company’s subsidiary, Hua-Yun New Materials, has accelerated the construction of 420,000 tonnes/year electrolytic aluminium production capacity project, and your state, Hua-Yin-New Materials, in February 2023, publicly transferred 100,000 tonnes/year electrolytic aluminum targets for the South Mountain aluminium industry.
The Division expects to start production in the course of the year, with the expected increase in the capacity of the pre- and post-partum company for electrolytic aluminium production in the range of 11.7% to becoming the first shareholder in the Aluminium stock, and after this merger, the return on investment in hydropower and aluminium in the company is expected to result in a profound change in the industry and an improvement in the supply and demand structure. Supply side reform and energy changes will supply the Aluminium industry.
In the short term, the supply side is influenced by the continued low water storage in the south-western region and by the growing demand for electricity in the region.
In the medium-to-long term, China’s electrolytic aluminum output was influenced by ceilings, the country quickly reached its capacity ceiling, the production capacity of extra overseas electrolytic aluminium was slow, the global supply of electrolytic aluminium was weakened, and the global supply of primary aluminium was expected to be on average by 2023-2025.
In the context of the global green low-carbon development, the demand for electrolytic aluminium is still resilient.
We expect an average annual increase of about 2.4 per cent in the global demand for primary aluminium in 2023-2025, or a supply and demand gap or building No. 1 of the 9th Altitude Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
The upward trend in aluminium prices will continue to expand, medium and long, or will continue. \triangleright, considering the rapid increase in competitiveness and profitability of companies, keeps the industry moving up the cycle and keeps the company “buying”
Chen Guanghui, Master of Metallurgical Engineering at the University of China and South China, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in August 2022 for research on energy metals, such as battery metals. Yunrin, Master of Finance, George Washington University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2020 for research on rare metals and industrial metals.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Holdings (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.