行 全 资 附
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Strong recovery continued
Target Price
RMB167.38
(Previous TP
RMB224.01)
Up/Downside
20.64%
■ 1H21 earnings beat. WuXi AppTec reported 1H21 revenue of RMB10.54bn
Current Price
RMB138.74
(+46% YoY), accounting for 47% of our full-year estimate. Such a strong
growth was underpinned by its unique end-to-end full-service platform. By
China Healthcare Sector
segment, revenue from CDMO services surged 67% YoY, while China-based
lab service and clinical research & other CRO services registered 45% YoY
Jill Wu, CFA
and 57% YoY growth, respectively. Due to sustained impact of COVID
pandemic as well as delays and clinical failures in clients' products, revenue
from US-based laboratory services decreased 16% YoY, accounting for 6%
of total revenue. Attributable net profit and adjusted non-IFRS net profit grew
Sam Hu, PhD
by 88%/ 68% YoY to RMB2,127mn/ RMB2,448mn, respectively.
CDMO services act as growth engine. In 1H21, CDMO revenue rallied 67%
Jonathan Zhao
out of 1,413 molecules were newly added into CDMO services pipeline.
including 1/19 Ph III/ II stage project additions via "win the molecule" strategy.
As at Jun 2021, the Company provided CDMO services for about 14% of the
global innovative small molecule drug pipeline compared with 11.5% in 2019,
Mkt. Cap. (RMB mn)
407,557
indicating consistent market share gain. 4 pipeline molecules went
Avg. 3mths t/o (RMB mn)
3,697.35
52W High/Low (RMB)
172.5/78.3
commercial in 1H21, including 1 full CMC project (HutchMed's Savolitinib).
Total Issued Shares (mn)
2,564
The Company is rapidly scaling up the manufacturing of two novel small
Source: Bloomberg
molecules for treating COVID-19 infections for big MNCs. After establishing a
JV (WuXi XDC) with WuXi Biologics, the Company's ADC (antibody drug
Shareholding Structure
26.63%
Management
conjugate) CDMO client number increased 57% YoY in 1H21.
60.47%
A-share public shareholders
H-share public shareholders
12.90%
Proposed new incentive scheme. The Company proposed a HK$2bn H
Source: Bloomberg
share award and trust scheme with the target of above 34% YoY revenue
growth in 2021. In addition, the Company initiated a Shareholder Alignment
Share performance
Incentive (SAI) scheme for senior management with the total incentive amount
up to HK$7.5bn. The incentive pools are HK$1bn/ HK$1.5bn/ HK$2bn and
HK$3bn if the H-share price hits HK$170/ HK$187/ HK$204/ HK$238,
respectively. We think the new incentive scheme will further help align the
interests between management and shareholders.
12-mth price performance
■ Maintain BUY. We revised up adjusted Non-IFRS net profit of FY21/22/23E
by 8%/3%/3%, and forecast the adjusted Non-IFRS net profit to grow
43%/29%/34% YoY in FY21E/22E/23E respectively. Moreover, WuXi
AppTec's diversified investment portfolio will bring significant investment
gains over the long term. Considering the increased outstanding shares, we
revised our 10-year DCF-based TP to RMB168.06 (WACC: 9.74%, Terminal
growth: 3.0%).
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Related Reports
Building cutting-edge expertise to
Strong growth outlook in 2021 and
Accelerated growth in 3Q20 driven by
strong performance in CDMO and
Figure 1: CMBIS earnings revisions
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: CMBIS estimates
Financial Statements
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
SELL
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.