On 11/04/04, dddr4 stock grew in a quarter, and the size of the chip came out.
The first quarter of 2024 generated about $695 million in revenues from the sale of interconnected chip lines. The client entered the replenishment cycle and led to the growth of the company's main dram interface chip.
The penetration rate increases. As the q2 and hynix tsv capacity in Hbm and ddr5 will gradually be released, the company’s share of ddr5-related business will continue to rise, leading to further corporate profitability, i.e., the pcieretamer and mrcd chips will all begin to produce small-scale bulk shipments.
"Study of the dollar securities company - Building on the performance of technology (688008) in 2023: Quick Report: ddr5 and i are expected to boost corporate performance elasticity."
The division's main business is clear, leading to the development of smart hardware such as ai server and aipc.
U.S. 2024.02.08 Upward risk: the ability of competitors to expand less than expected; ddr5 penetration faster than market expectations; cxl dram acceleration: aipc acceleration:
Downside risk: ddr5 penetration is lower than expected; increased competition in the industry accelerates price drops; supply problems associated with chips such as pmic: s002052120001
In the first quarter of the year, net profits from non-recurring gains and losses attributable to the parent company were realized at $210 million, or $235 million, an increase of 708.62 times and 793.10 times over the same period in the previous year.In the first quarter of 2024, from the company ' s two main product lines, the income from the sale of interconnected chip lines was approximately $695 million, creating the first quarter of the product line.
Entering the replenishment cycle. As the overall generic server is warming up this year and ddr5dram's penetration of the server application continues to rise, the company's interconnectivity chip business will continue to grow better, but the continued high demand from upstream hbm has a relatively low impact on the capacity of Tsv, which in turn has a slight impact on the overall Māori ratio of 23q4.
The company’s share of ddr5-related operations will continue to rise, leading to greater corporate profitability. In the case of the i chip, the company’s pcierettimer began a larger exit trend in the first quarter. In the first quarter of 2024, the company’s pcie retimer chip produced about 150,000 single-quarter shipments, which exceeded 1.5 times the product’s annual delivery in 2023.
The top layout is pcie 5.0 and, with the speed of the pcie 5.0ai server up in 24 years, the company's pcierenemer mrcd/mdb chip will be significantly upgraded: to further address the memory wall in the i server, increasing the bandwidth of ddr is a very important directional option.
The first generation of mrdim has reached 8,800 mt/s, the second generation will reach 12,800 mt/s and the second and third generation, respectively, 17,600 mt/so q1 have started to deliver at the mrcd chip in mrdimm and have achieved a sales income of 20 million yuan.
The volume of the mrcd/mdb chip accompanying the company 8,800mt/s began to support eypcvenice and 25-year-old mcrd. The volume of the mrcd/mdb chip will be expected to achieve high growth and the unit price will increase considerably over the dddr5rcd/db chip, further improving the space for Māori. Upstream risks: the ability of competitors to expand below expectations; ddr5 penetration faster than market expectations; cxldram delivery faster; and aipc penetration faster;
(a) Downside risks: ddr5 penetration rates are lower than expected; industry competition increases faster downs in prices; supply problems accompany chips such as pmic;
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.