With a small year-round pressure on technology (68808.sh), the performance of a single quarter has continued to improve. The company’s year-round performance has been low, mainly due to the fall in global server demand in 2023, the build-up of customers to stock cycles, and companies.
The ddr4 memory interface chip was significantly reduced compared to the same period in the previous year, with the Prince Road population declining by 37.76 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, and the company's total return on investment and fair value changes were higher than in the previous year.
In terms of the company’s performance in the single quarter, 23q4 achieved operating income of $761 million (youy:- from 23q1, the company’s performance improved seasonally, and the ring continued to improve.
The annual revenue from the sale of interconnected chip lines is about $695 million, a record high, and the revenue from the sale of server platform lines is about $390 million. From some of the company ' s new products, including pcierettimer, mrcd/mdb chips, which are starting to scale out, with pcieretamer chips.
The company continued to strengthen its R & D investment, which in 2023 was $682 million (oy:+21%), leading the industry in terms of revenue, paying attention to the pace of the company’s new product. The company produced interconnected chips in 2023.
The year-round Māori rate is 61.36 per cent (yoy:+2.64 pct). In terms of chip types, the company has now delivered the ddr5 second-generation rcd product in 23h2 and the third-generation product is currently being tested.
At the same time, the company opened up a number of new items such as pcierettimer, ckd, mxc. As of 24q1, the company's pcie chip was worth about 150,000 items, 1.5 times more than the product's year-round in 2023, while, as the aipc trend drives, the spd and ckd will be more than RAM.
6400mt/s essential to open up the company’s long-term growth ceiling. Investment proposal: The company is a global memory interface chip header, and we think that as the company’s new product is phased out, it continues to break through the whole ceiling of the company’s market, and long-term corporate development is a good idea.
[Galactic Electronics] company stocktaking report - building up technology (68808.sh): ddr5 progresses gradually, and research and development of new products is progressing well. Table 1: Projections of key financial indicators
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Peak, Master of Engineering in Electronics and Communications, Beijing Post and Telecommunications University, and Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Jilin University. Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of experience in securities, formerly employed in the Department of Oceanic Certificates, Treasury Securities, and the Beijing Trust Securities Department. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities customers, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate match for the investment and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use and risks or losses associated with the service if it is not used properly.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.