• Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) April 9, 2024, the Science and Technology Bulletin 2023 Annual Report, 2023
Income from the sector was 2,286 million, a decrease of 37.8 per cent in the same year; net profit from maternity was 451 million, a decrease from the same year 761 million, an increase of 27.3 per cent in the ring; net profit from the single quarter was 217 million, an increase of 43.0 per cent in the ring; net profit from non-return from the single quarter was 214 million, an increase of 40.9 per cent in the ring.
With a 4q23 income of 761 million yuan, or 3.9 per cent, and a 27.3 per cent ring, the growth of the ring was achieved in three consecutive seasons. After a significant adjustment of 1q23, the performance of 2q23-4q23 was significantly repaired, and the Internet chip collection took place in 2023.
The chip income of 695 million, an increase of 68.3 per cent over the same period, continued to grow, maintaining a positive growth in the ring, with a significant increase in the catch income of 4q23 ring, while the Māori rate for this part of the operation is only one-digit lower, which results in lower overall Māori performance.
We believe that in 2023, the interface chip was affected by the inventory, that the overall volume requirement had not returned to normal, that the company’s performance repair was largely due to the growth in the volume of the ddr5 interface chip. With industry’s inventory largely closed, we believe that the market demand for the memory interface chip will be expected.
Gradually returning to normal, and thanks to an increase in ddr5 penetration, the market space comparison of the rcd+composite chip would increase several times during ddr4, building up technology as a industry leader, and companies would continue to benefit from the memory module based on their technological leadership and market share.
The growth dividend from the ddr4 to the dddr5 turns up. The dddr5 starts sub-alternates, and many new items start to come out, according to our synthesizing, the intel and mdcpus supporting dddr5 out of 3q23.
Quarterly performance continues to rise, ddr5 turns, release, graniterapids will be released at 2h24. ddr5 sub 2. Server cpu continues to overlap, memory interface cores compared to the ddr4 generation
The speed of the succession is clearly accelerating, and the faster the memory interface industry, the faster it will be, the better it will be to maintain the average sales price of the product and the Maori rate. The company is the lead developer of the memory interface chip industry and the ddr5rcd chip international standard, the ddr5 second generation.
While the rcd chip is the first in the industry to deliver on a large scale and holds a significant global share, the company launched the ddr5 fourth generation rcd chip in January of January of that year, and the ddr5 continued penetration and iterative upgrading helped the company to sustain its revenue from sales of the ddr5-related products.
With respect to new items, 1) the product of the ddr5 first-generation mrcd/mdb chip has been completed, the server high-bandwidth memory module of the mrcd/mdb chip has been tested internally and externally by the main cloud computing/Internet manufacturer and the mrcd/mdb chip has been sold in the first quarter of 1q24.
For the first time, the sales exceeded $20 million. With the penetration of the mrcd/mdb chip, industry 2, the pcle 5.0 retimer chip has successfully imported some of the mainstream internal and external cloud computing/the Internet vendor's ai server purchase project, and has started to deliver on a scale, 1q24
The pcletimer chip is about 150,000 per quarter, 1.5 times more than the product's annual delivery in 2023. As global ai servers and gpu are increasing, the global market size of the pcie retimer chip will grow rapidly as the world's leading pcie.
Retimer chip suppliers, technology-based pcierenemer chips are getting more and more approval from customers and downstream users, and companies are able to capture important market shares in global competition.) Because of the need for higher memory bandwidth for aipc to improve overall computing performance, aipc penetration rates are increasing.
. In the future, the ckd chip will be applied to the desktop udim and the laptop sodimm memory module (data speed 6,400 mt/s and above) and the demand will be applied with aipc.
With the increase in ddr5 penetration and the consequent increase in the output of the supporting chip, industry tam will grow significantly, with new company products such as pcie 5.0retimer, mrcd/mdb, server/pccpu having less than expected; ddr5 penetration is less than expected; new technologies should be developed
The management of funds, the Ministry of Investment of the Bolt Foundation, among others, has eight years of buyer investment experience, research experience and a buyer-soldier perspective.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.