q1 High performance, ai “lift power” event: 25 April 2024, when technology released the first quarter of 2024, the company achieved \triangleright
The q1 company achieved operating income of $737 million, yoy+75.74%, qoq-3.06%, of which the interconnection chip income was $695 million, an increase of 68.28% over the same four-quarter period; net return profit of $223 million.
Youy + 1032.85%, qoq + 288%, net profit to the mother after elimination of share payments is $236 million; 60.93%. The growth in corporate performance is evident, mainly due to the recovery of memory interface chip demand and the size of some of the new items (pcierettimer, mrcd/mdb).
The ddr5 accelerated penetration and the interface chip continued to overlap. The downstream inventory was now deconstructed, and the ddr5 entered an accelerated penetration period, leading to a rapid growth in corporate interconnectivity chip performance, leading to an all-time high in sales revenue for the first quarter of the product line. At the same time, the company boosted the Māori rate and the asp through an iterative sub-decree:
The company introduced the fourth generation ddr5 interface chip in January 2024, supporting a data rate of 7200 mt/s. The company expects the delivery of the ddr5 second generation rcd chip to exceed the first generation in the first half of 2024.
, the third generation ddr5 interface chip is expected to be delivered on a large scale from the second half of 2024. pcieretamer and mrcd/mdb make substantial progress and will continue to be released during the year. \triangleright
There have been positive developments in the one high-performance “lift” chips in the layout, in particular the pcierenemer chip and the mrcd/mdb chip, specifically: 1) the pcieretamer successfully imported into the mainstream internal and external cloud computing/i server procurement project of the Internet vendor, with approximately 150,000 shipments in the first quarter of the first quarter of 2024 in the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter.
Speeding up penetration, new product-driven future — 2024/03/10 mrcd/mdb chip first quarter revenue in excess of $20 million; 3) The company expects ckd to combine hand-held orders for pcieretamer, mrcd/mdb and ckd chips delivered in the second quarter of the year q2
Over 90 million yuan. The three above-mentioned ai high-performance “lift” chips will be the company's newest investment proposal: the company continues to be a leader in the ddr5 interface chip area and is now downstream to the vault, with a rapid penetration of the ddr5 and the company's performance is expected to rise. At the same time, the company's forward-looking position is high.
\triangleright and expectations; macroeconomic fluctuations. Methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.