Capitai technology (68808.sh)
The short-, medium- and long-term trend of short- and long-term storage price volatility continues to favour industry leaders.
De-storage is expected to continue to increase in demand in the 2h24 sector, which in the medium term is benefiting from the high growth in demand of the one, the reasoning that general servers and end-products such as the one cellular phone, pen electricity, etc., are driven by demand for the ddr5, while, at the supply end, the production capacity of a large-line plant continues to be increased by code hbm and is subject to good rates, among other things.
It is expected that the supply side of the storage industry will continue to be tight, and in the future, the storage area will be largely completed, with a continued rapid increase in ddr5 penetration, an expected 2h24 better than 1h24, and a high ddr5 penetration: we take note of the storage products (now).
The price of goods ddr & ssd has shifted from rising to falling by about a single number, causing some market concern. But we think that it is only a reaction to the recent degeneration of the products that pre-date the expected price increase, although short-term demand may not be as optimistic as it is expected, that we are still looking at the medium-term business landscape.
On the demand side, there is a high increase in demand (a general service and a 12-per-cent increase in the volume of goods delivered by a mobile phone and a Chinese mobile phone). On the supply side, a large-line plant continues to increase its production capacity by code hbm and is subject to good rates, so the supply side of the storage sector will continue to be stymied.
These factors, we judge the industry’s medium-term outlook, while ddr5 penetration is expected to continue to challenge 50% (4q23 – less than 30%) or even higher. The company, as a leading manufacturer of chip interfaces, will continue to reap the recovery of the industry’s landscape, as well as the structural dividends of the new ddr5 product.
The share of institutional investors in the circulation of a share 1q24 showed high growth in performance: 1q24 achieved 740 million yuan in operating income, a 75.7 per cent increase in the same year and a 24 per cent increase in q0q; net profit of 220 million yuan, a 10.3-fold increase in the same year.
Il, the revenue from the sale of the 1q24 interconnected chip line is about $700 million, which is the highest in history. Some of the new products in the division are starting to come out on a scale, of which pcieretamer (signal reset time chip, boosted to pcie channel efficiency) 1 q24 out of 150,000, 1.5 times as high as in 2023; mrcd/mdb
For the first single quarter of the product, more than $20 million was generated, leading to a significant increase in the company’s performance during the season. The revenue from the sale of the product lines of the catcher platform (x86cpu and the mixed safe memory module) was approximately $3.9 billion, equivalent to 40% of the business’s revenue in 2023.
The demand for the memory market has fallen short of expectations.