The three-quarter profit performance was strong, and the results of the reform were initially demonstrated: the three-quarterly report of 2022 was published by the China Pacific Administration, which achieved $324.47 million in revenues from insurance operations, and the China Pacific (601601.sh)
Compared to +7.7 per cent, the net profit on maternity is $20,272 million, or 10.6 per cent, which is narrower than in the first half of the year.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the insurance policy achieved $18,97.39 million, or +4.4 per cent, in insurance operations. The rate of increase in the value of the new insurance operations changed from negative to negative.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company as a whole adhered to a variety of channels and promoted insurance, silver insurance, etc.
(a) Risks: sustaining the career marketing reform, emphasizing the normal working model of the monthly plan, weekly operation, day visits, improving basic management, and increasing the same rate in the third quarter of 2022 in terms of new insurance premiums and new insurance payments for the same period.
The average monthly core manpower ratio has been rising and the workforce has become even better in quality; 2) silver insurance: value insurance strategy has accelerated, the periodic premium premium ratio has increased by a quarter, and insurance revenue of $22.56 billion has been realized in the first three quarters of 2022, representing a significant increase of 827.9 per cent over the same period.
During the first three quarters of 2022, EPP achieved $13,885 million in premiums, i.e. + 12.5 per cent, and $71,708 million in vehicle insurance premiums.
In the first three quarters of the year, the combined cost rate (cor) was 97.8 per cent, corresponding to 1.9 per cent, in which the combined rate of payment repeatedly resulted in lower rates of compensation, such as for car insurance, while companies continued to strengthen their business controls, and risk pricing capabilities were increasing, leading to an overall improvement in the quality of their operations.
China China Pacific Insight Report: Leading Healthy Pension Development, broad asset allocation remained largely stable, and investment returns showed resilience.
With quarterly market interest rates remaining low and equity markets volatile, companies actively build up their assets for long periods of time and actively seize market opportunities, and the overall return on investment remains stable.
In the long run, the company continues to promote long-range flights at the channel level.
The big healthy old-age industry is gradually becoming more well organized, and companies are expected to make a difference through services, improve user stickyness, the anti-breathing insurance industry, and quickly take over the blue sea of old-age insurance. We anticipate risk factors: the agent industry is not returning as fast as expected; the agent's ability to produce has led to loss of staff.
Rate tool spread space and impact on accounting profits; increase in reserves due to move down the 750-day mean line: investment rate of return (%) Figure 3: Value of new business (millions) and growth
Manager, General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Operations Department, formerly employed in China-China Portfolio Portfolio, and in China-China. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, which was responsible for non-monetary financial research. Kyomoto, Master ' s degree in economics, Shandong University, Master ' s degree in economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France, three years of non-monetary financial research experience, formerly held.
Zhang Kaijing, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials industry, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 to carry out research in the non-banking financial sector. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.