On October 18th, 2022, Ju Jie Yu,
▪ Events: The company announced receiving notification from the shareholder, Shanghai State Asset Management Ltd., that the capital of the Shanghai research assistant, I-woo, and the low-valued industry had increased the confidence of the major shareholders, and that this increase in the amount of the funds was based on an average transaction.
The share of the Shanghai State Asset Management Company Ltd. (and its co-actors) in China increased to 10.53 per cent, of which 8.30 per cent held a share, h a share, and 2.23 per cent. This increase represents an increase in a share.As of 17 October 2022, the unit in China was corresponding to the 2022 dynamic p/ev and p/b
Only 0.37 and 0.83 times, respectively; the China Pacific h share corresponds to the 2022 dynamic p/ev and 0.53 times p/b, respectively, and new business values of life-delayed insurance continue to be distributed in various areas of the new crown epidemic.
We believe that this increase reflects the confidence of the major shareholders, and we measure that the average price deficit on the top of the Shanghai dollar is more than 20 per cent for the current round, and that China's Gestapo, under the umbrella of Shanghai's capital, is the financial reform of Shanghai's capital.
In recent years, the Chief Executive of the Xinjiang has joined the United Nations Security Fund, and the insurance policy has been changed to the Pacific Ansing Farm Insurance Initiative, the health of the Alliance has been changed to the Pacific Health Insurance Scheme, and the full insurance + diversified financial license plates have been improved day by day.
The implementation programme for the pilot comprehensive reform of territorial State-owned enterprises proposes that by 2022 Shanghai will have achieved a series of results in key areas and key components of the reform of State-owned enterprises, leading to a capital-based regulatory system for State-owned capital, and to the creation of a State-owned portfolio that meets the requirements of high-quality development.
Since the third quarter of Shanghai’s financial reform, as a large integrated financial institution under the umbrella of Shanghai’s capital, companies have continued to step up their efforts to clean up their stocks and boost their capacity to produce their stocks.
The Golden Triangle, which has come a long way, is well prepared to take over the official and open the door. We expect companies to continue to balance size and value, with life-threatening new business values recovering faster than colleagues, and long-term recovery of kinetic energy, in the context of diluting the 2023 threshold.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Since 2022, Shanghai’s continued bottom build-up of State capital has demonstrated a strong trust, with companies’ top executives increasing the price of certified shares exceeding the security margin by a very high margin. Figure 1: The relationship between the final controlling person and the company of shareholders holding more than 5% of the company’s shares (as of October 13, 2022)
Figure 3: China ' s Taibo-ah stock price has dropped significantly. Figure 2: Shanghai State holdings.  Shanghai State Asset Management Ltd. and its associated parties ' total holdings (a)
8.30 per cent 10.00 per cent East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board