3-quarterly review 2022: Life insurance transitions are beginning to bear fruit, and 30th October 2022, risk profits are on top of the group's performance.
# We've got a high rate of dividends # that's what we're looking for.
▪ Events: China Taibo disclosed three-quarterly returns in 2022, with a net return of 20,270 million yuan in the first three quarters, a decrease of 10.6 per cent compared to the same period (29.5 per cent for the corresponding increase of 3q22 seasons on a year-on-year basis); the completion of the maternity insurance policy in the first three quarters, with a marked improvement over co-operation, and a reduction in the value of the new business (nbv) in the seasons, and a reduction in the value of the new business (nbv) in the public sector.
In the first three quarters, the insurance/gold insurance/group channel of new single contributions each led to a shift in the development model, a combination of career marketing, service-based marketing, value insurance, and “product-plus” systems. There was a clear cut-off in the quality of the company's business and a personal life risk.
The 13-month policy continues at 88.0 per cent, an increase of 7.5 pct. over the same period; the company's reinforced “core” basics drive a steady workforce of 3q22 on a monthly basis, with a total of 245,000 people at the end of the period, with a significant burden of core manpower, resulting in a net profit of 13.36 billion yuan in the previous three quarters, a decrease of 17.1 per cent over the same period.
▪ The insurance insurance policy performed better than the co-operator, and the profits of the group increased at a higher price than the profit level. In the last three quarters, the insurance policy achieved $133,885 million in revenues from insurance operations, an increase of 12.5 per cent compared to the previous quarter, with vehicle insurance/non-car insurance increasing by 7.8 per cent to 18.5 per cent respectively; and combined cost (cor) 97.8 per cent, a decrease of the same rate.
The spread of the epidemic has led to a decline in the risk rate as the three main sections of car insurance, non-car insurance and agricultural insurance have all been insured for profit and improved corp, while the company's risk pricing capacity has increased. According to the summary of the solvency report, the net profit achieved in the previous three quarters was $6.18 billion, an increase of 28.3 per cent, compared to 28.3 per cent.
At 12.7 per cent, the profit growth rate of the group should be strengthened. The profit-making performance of the investment was a win-win market, and the net asset growth of the available financial assets delayed the growth of the net assets, but the positive change in the fair value of the financial assets amounted to $21.25 billion.
In mid-2022, there was a steady increase in the bottom of Shanghai's capital, with the company's top executives increasing the price of their shares in print.
We maintain a profit forecast that the net return profit in 2022-24 is estimated to be 221, and figure 1: the agent channel for the first three quarters is still the base of the total insurance premium for the last three quarters, figure 2: the contribution of the new policy premium channel for the first three quarters is diversified (single)
Figure 3: 1 q22 life insurance net return decreased year-on-year and the net yield of insurance increased separately. Figure 4: Quarterly roll-over of insurance insurance: Figure 5: Group net/total investment return of 4.1 per cent in the first three quarters
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board