China Taibo (601601): Three-quarter performance Reverse growth and signs of recovery of the end of the debt are evident
The Chinese Quarterly Report 2022 was evaluated for its performance and the Chinese Quarterly Report 2022 was published. During the reporting period, the company achieved business income of $36.420 billion. The company was founded on 13 May 1991 in Taiping, China.
The company, with its headquarters in Shanghai, is the leading “a+h” in the country.
The company's focus is on protecting its insurers against the impact of the epidemic and the volatility of equity markets, and the company's performance has grown in three quarters. It benefits from the life insurance industry, which is expanding its operations around the chain of insurance owners.
The effectiveness of the Long Air operation was demonstrated by the faster growth of income from insurance, robust investment performance and cost-effectiveness, which have now achieved life insurance, insurance, old age insurance, health control, and negative growth in corporate revenue and net profits in the third quarter, leading to a net return to the mother in the first three quarters.
Full security plate layouts for insurance, agricultural insurance, and asset management, with narrow rainfall. Continued progress in channel reform is leading companies to move out of the epidemic since the second quarter. Business plates are developing in a shared way; focus on customer needs.
To promote the implementation of a client demand-oriented strategic shift towards “client demand-oriented” values and approaches. Life risk channel reforms bring positive changes to corporate operations, with high-quality teams building the building blocks for recovery.
It's been internalized into a company's life gene: a focus on value-added, and, under the short-term pressure of the economy and the industry environment, the company's continuing drive for change in the midst of intense industrial competition.
Long-term, production-risk operations insist on insurance for profit, and asset-management operations emerge. Through financial science and technology, companies accelerate the promotion of “triple five-most” agents to achieve investment returns that continue to outpace the cost of indebtedness.
The overall quality is further optimized in a context of declining agency size, with a monthly average core manpower ratio and core strength.
The first annual insurance activity income per person per month for manpower and the first annual commission per person per person per month for core manpower increased the same rate.
Negative shifts, leading to a significant reduction in the value of the new business in the first three quarters. Meanwhile, the steady stabilization and quality of the workforce, the continued strength of the silver insurance channels, became the most visible link to the liabilities. Companies capture the demand for savings-type products from their clients, total equity/flowa shares (millions of shares)
Effective layout of domains and channels for growth through the implementation of three main value strategies: value points, value products, and high-quality teams
In the current industry environment, there is a significant increase in opportunities for synergies between banks and risk companies, and product sales are less affected by external factors such as the epidemic, making them a major strategic direction for risk-taking. As companies and banks work more together, it is expected that the silver stock will continue to grow rapidly and become public.
In recent years, companies have continued to face the challenge of falling premiums and failing value growth, and the first half of the Shanghai epidemic has further made channel reform more difficult. But, as the epidemic subsides, the life insurance “Operation Long Air” is becoming more difficult.
The results are accelerating, and the agents and the silver insurance channels are “double punches”, and three quarters of their bright performance is expected to continue in the fourth quarter and 2023. Moreover, the company is expected to increase its performance in the era of high-risk business growth through the construction of a healthy industry chain and the construction of a healthy industry eco-cities.
In general, these initiatives are expected to provide an impetus for the continued growth of the company, and we are still the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the depth of East Hing's securities report.
Taibo, China (601601). Three quarters of the year has seen a negative growth in performance, and signs of recovery of the liabilities are evident. Liu Jia, B.A. from Wuhan University, M.A. from Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-monetary financial research experience.
Two years of banking experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Bank in 2016; first in the 9th Crystalball and Silver Finance Industry in 2015; tenth Master of Economics in the Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2016; and joined East Hing Securities in 2019.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.