Wang Wei-chul (002415.sz) c0062@capital.com.tw
In the first three quarters, the net profit grew by 30% over the same period, and the innovation business continued at a higher rate, with net profits of 10.97 billion yuan, yoy + 29.9% (after deductions of yoy +33.0%), and performance was as expected. Both domestic and foreign operations were relatively robust and innovation continued to grow at a higher rate: (1) in terms of domestic operations,
The three major operations registered positive growth in the third quarter, with Smbg continuing to grow at a faster rate, ebg increasing at a higher rate, pbg being affected by government funding constraints, epidemics and extreme weather events, and project landing cycles increasing; and (2) the company ' s overseas markets, although still somewhat affected by the epidemic, are still in place.
However, the same year was much better than last year, with the growth of overseas operations as a whole remaining steady; (3) the corporate innovation industry achieved $9.24 billion and yoy + 88.6 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, estimated to have continued to grow significantly in the business of fluorescent smart households.
A combination of products, front-end audio and video products, back-end audio and video products.
The rate was 46.4 per cent per quarter, an increase of 1.5 percentage points over the same period, mainly due to an increase in the size of the collection and the company’s adjustment of the price of some of its products. The cost for the period was 23.1 per cent, a decrease of 1.4 percentage points over the same period, with both management and R & D rates falling, mainly benefiting from the outbreak.
The share of institutional investors in the share of liquidity a has increased in size. And q3 net gains have increased less than the rate of revenue, mainly by moving tax refunds to q2 earlier this year, and by about 32.5 per cent if the q2 tax refund is moved to q3 after q2 is moved to q3.
In the medium- and long-term, we maintain the “buy-in” investment proposal. Figure: Percentage of corporate operations (in %)
Figure: Foreign and domestic operations of the company as a percentage of receipts (in %) Data source: Corporate Bulletins, Group Gold Securities Collation Data source: Corporate Bulletins, Group Gold Securities Collapse
25 October 2021 Source: Corporate Bulletins, Bonded Securities, Report prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.