Heconway (002415) company review report, steady growth in the third quarter and high growth in innovation - tri-quarter review in 2021
In the third quarter of 2021, the company achieved $21,727 million, an increase of 22.41 per cent, and a net profit of $4,484 million, an increase of 17.54 per cent over the previous three quarters.
Māori ratio: Māori in the first three quarters was 46.33 per cent, which remained stable in the face of a shortage of supply chains across the industry and rising raw materials prices, largely thanks to further company-driven and refined management of operations. Inventory: inventory at the end of the three quarters was $19.53 billion, an increase of 66.00 per cent from the end of the previous year.
The company will continue to maintain a high inventory strategy to address raw material supply constraints. The company’s hardware product has a long life cycle and is expected to be less risky.bg All three have positive growth, demand in the ebg sector continues, and innovation continues to grow at a high rate.
According to the public investor relationship log, the company’s domestic and foreign operations were well developed in the last three quarters.) Domestic: 1) ebg: industry continues at a high rate.
The macro-impacts, such as financial constraints, internal outbreak control, are more pronounced, demand is contained in the short term, and some projects have a longer life cycle. Companies continue to operate robustly, based on strong capacities such as products, technology, and marketing. 3) Smgg: maintain faster growth, and companies expand through the deployment of platform tools such as Haikang Clouds.
Overseas: the impact of the epidemic has improved, and the draft equity incentive has been published, and the multi-dimensional test has been widely covered.
Companies insist on a country-wide approach in overseas markets and steady growth in overseas operations. Innovative business: Innovative corporate business continues to protect S.I.S.S.C. Research-Hiconway (002415.sz) in 2021 and a half.
A rapid growth rate of $9.24 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 88.6 per cent over the previous three quarters. Annual report: performance growth is higher than expected, innovation opens up innovation patterns.
On 7 October, the company released the Restricted Stock Plan 2021 (draft), which requests nearly 10,000 company management (15% of cagr), roe (20%) and eva.
In addition to this, the company plans to invest $1.85 billion in a project to build a fluorescent smart manufacturing (qongqing) base as an intelligent manufacturing plant for the fluorescent network. The company offers video-centred smartness networking solutions and big data services to users around the world.
In terms of technology, products and solutions, there is a wide range of possibilities for future growth.
The new coronary pneumonia epidemic has been repeated; the demand for the digital transformation of enterprises has been released less than expected; the overseas market has not expanded as much as expected; the business of innovation has not developed as expected: increased competition in the industry, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.