Publication of draft equity incentives, with a wide coverage by the DVC of the Hai Conway (002415.sz) event evaluation Incentives programme covering a wide range of managers and core cadres at all levels to conduct a multi-dimensional performance appraisal
According to the draft, the company proposes to award 9.973 million restricted shares, or 1.07 per cent of the total equity of the company, to the incentive audience, for a total of 9,973 persons, or 23.36 per cent of the total number of companies at the end of the previous year (including 6 senior managers in the public sector, 115 middle managers, 753 junior managers and the core).
(iii) The economic value added (eva) of the previous year needed to grow at the same rate and be higher than the firm's sound operations, with six-monthly performance, equity incentive cost amortization having a manageable impact on future performance.
After a series of negative effects, such as China-US trade disputes, physical listings, epidemics, and so forth, the company has gradually moved out of the most difficult period, and business development has been on track. In the first half of the year, the net profits from corporate collections and repatriations, respectively, continued to perform well under a relatively high base last year (+22.07%), innovative industries such as fluorescent stones, robots, etc.
Annual report: Performance growth is higher than expected, innovation is more innovative. Maintaining high growth (+122.18 per cent) provides a strong growth engine for company follow-on development. Software and the i-enabling industry are in a digital transition, and technological capacity is expanding to develop innovative business.
The company’s growing software and the ability of the ai to build more capacity for products and solutions, with customer attributes from the research-Hiconway (002415.sz) in 2020 to a wide range of sectors, such as management and production. Companies have accumulated large amounts of power in the digital transformation of industries.
Quarterly review: A quarterly report is over-expected, artificial intelligence plus know-how becomes the core competitiveness of the company.
The share of income has risen to over 16%. At present, the company is moving in an orderly manner to divide the fluorescent network to the list of science-making boards, while the company is planning to invest $1.850 billion in a project to build the foundation of the fluorescent-smart manufacturing (Gwangqing) site, which is an intelligent manufacturing plant for the fluorescent network. We believe that the company's innovative business has been inherited.
The company offers video-centric smartness networking solutions and big data services to users around the world.
In terms of technology, products and solutions, there is a wide range of possibilities for future growth.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is diligent, professional, independent and objective.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.