Incidents: company reports issued in the first quarter of 2022: company q1 achieved operating income of $5.365 billion, the lithium industry (002460), net gain of $3.525 billion for the mother, net gain of $3.1003 billion for the non-mother ' s gain, an increase of $234 per year, 640 per cent,
The sharp rise in lithium prices contributed to the higher than expected growth in the company’s performance of q1. The 2022q1 company achieved an operating income of tens of thousands of yuan per ton, an increase of 470% in the same year, and a 106% increase in the ring. The massive rise in lithium prices contributed to the company’s higher performance of the combined companies rim, lac, etc., and the company’s net investment revenue of 2022q1
The company boosts its resource competitiveness by expanding the capacity to produce lithium resources and increasing the share of lithium resources. The Division produced lithium salt in 2021, mainly from the Mtmarion mine of Torrim, in rim.
Lithium quartz purchases account for 60.39% of the company’s total sales of lithium quarries. The company plans to expand the year of marion. The company's sale of 49% of the lithium concentrate in the Marion mine, 51% of the pmi, and the parties have agreed that the company will process and sell the part of the pmi package.
The salt lake project has been delayed for the second half of the year. The Goulamina mining licence has been successfully transferred to Mali's lithium industry, which was inaugurated in March 2022.
At the same time, it's got a 50% stake in it, and Goulamina's plan for the first phase of lithium concentrate has been developed in the lithium industry: it's up to a very high price, and it's very strong in the lithium industry, and it's been updated by 455,000 tonnes/year to 506,000 tonnes/year. In addition, the company gained its Mariana in 2021.
The company’s performance will continue to grow as the company acquires the project. Lithium prices will remain high. Before and after clarity, affected by epidemics in Shanghai and Changchun, etc. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
Tesla, Uranium, Volkswagen, etc. have all been shut down to varying degrees, and the cumulative outbreak control company has been on hold since 11th April, with an electric carbon offer of $475.4 million per ton as of 26 April. The price of lithium concentrate continues to rise, with the co-ordinated price for two quarters at around $5,000 per ton, and the cost of lithium per ton.
With effective control of the epidemic everywhere, Tesla and others have officially returned to production, and it is expected that the production of new energy vehicles will return to a high rate of growth in the three quarters, with lithium prices expected to stop falling steadily. As a result, we believe that lithium prices have limited time and space to return, and that the overall operation will remain high.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd. Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We expect the company to achieve a net return profit in 2022-2024
\triangleright, 9th Park, 9th Street, Beijing City City. 8x. Keeping the company's buy-in ratings in view of the continuous upswing of new energy vehicles and storage projects downstream.
Risk factors: Lithium prices have fallen, new energy automobiles have grown less than expected, company-related targets \triangleright Yunling, George Washington University Master of Finance, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2020 for research on aluminium lead zinc and precious metals.
White Purple, a Master of Regional Economics from Gilling University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2021 for research on new sources of metals, such as light metals such as zirconium and lithium cobalt. Part of this is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.