Keeping deepening the industrial chain layout and accelerating the release of the company ' s performance by issuing its 2021 annual report. 1) From year to year, the company achieved operating income +410.26%. 2) From quarter to quarter, the company ' s q4 achieved operating income of $4.108 billion.
• Lithium salt products have risen in volume and contributed to a significant increase in the performance of the company (1) in terms of prices, which have benefited from the high profile of the new energy automobile industry and the continued upward movement of the lithium price hub.
According to data released by the Ministry of Information, in 2021, the domestic production of new energy vehicles was 3545 and 3,521,000, respectively, a 1.6-fold increase in the same rate, and the domestic industrial landscape of new energy vehicles increased, stimulating the release of upstream lithium salt demand and promoting the continued upswing of lithium prices.
The average market price was approximately $12.26 million per tonne, compared to the average price of $4.56 million per tonne in 2020 and +168.9 per cent; the average market price for lithium hydroxide was about $114.1 million per tonne, compared to $5.18 million in 2020, representing an increase in the capacity of the lithium salt project to produce an orderly climb.
The production of 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production line can climb smoothly and produce 2021q1 in full; and the production of 17,500 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate production line has been modified and expanded to 20,000 tons/year in Ningdu year.
1) Upstream lithium resources: the company continuously locks in high-quality lithium resources through equity participation or by signing a marketing agreement, widens the diversified supply of raw materials and provides resources to secure the expansion of downstream and mid-stream operations. 1 Lithium clay resources, where the company is actively promoting the sosoora lithium clay project in Mexico, is currently in place
With 50% of the shares at the subora level, an offer is being made at the bacanora level to safeguard 100% of the equity capacity of the project, in an effort to make it a leading project in the global lithium-cracked lithium.2 With regard to lithium quartz resources, the company acquired 50% of the shares of the Dutch company Spv.
In addition to the cooperation agreement signed recently between the Ministry and Pmi, the company has contracted to sell the total production of lithium concentrate from the company.
In the case of salt lake resources, the company actively promoted Argentina, with an increase in the volume price, which contributed to the high performance of lithium salt taps.
Development of the cauchari-olaroz Lithium Salt Lake project, with an annual production of 40,000 tons of battery-grade carbonic acid. Lithium is expected to become operational in September 2022 and phase II of the feasibility study has been launched; and 3. Speed up the layout of the whole industry chain to build the domestic lithium industry
The construction of the Mariana Lithium Salt Lake project in Argentina, which has been approved by the local government and opened up a plant producing 20,000 tons of lithium chloride per year: in addition, the company indirectly held 49 per cent of the interest in the 1-mile Salt Lake project in Qinghai by acquiring Ipiao Hung, which has now generated 10,000 tons of carbon per year.
Lithium hydroxide production capacity. 2) Lithium hydride deep processing: The company continuously expands the production capacity of lithium salt products, currently possesses 43,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate production and 81,000 tonnes/year of lithium hydroxide production. 1 company is in the process of construction at the offshore end.
At least 60,000 tons of lithium carbonate production capacity, Mariana lithium salt, 20,000 tons of lithium chloride production capacity, sonora lithium clay project, 50,000 tons of lithium oxidation capacity; 2 at the domestic level, Jiangxi produces 50,000 tons of lithium electricity new energy materials annually, and Yichun
The company is planning to build a supply capacity of 300,000 tons of lithium products per year by 2025, with a future capacity of not less than 600,000 tons of lce 3) downstream lithium panels: solid-state batteries and high-end polymer lithium batteries are corporate battery plates.
In the case of solid-state batteries, the company has invested in the development of a test production line for the first generation of solid-state lithium batteries produced at 0.3 gwh per year. In the case of power/energy storage batteries, the company holds the shares. The company should build a new lithium battery project with 5 gwh per year in Jiangxi and Chongqing, respectively.
In January 2022, Jiang Xinyu’s new lithium battery project was launched. Until the project is fully operational, the company’s ability to produce lithium is expected to outpace 20gwh, significantly increasing its profitability.
4) Waste battery recycling: in future planning, the company will establish a large integrated equipment that will recover 100,000 tons of decommissioned lithium batteries per year, and continue to expand its operations downstream by expanding the capacity of lithium battery recovery operations and using expertise in recycling and recycling decommissioned batteries.
Risk of lithium salt price volatility, lower demand downstream, less progress on projects overseas, high quality lithium resource and packaged projects upstream of Diagram 1 to provide resources for the expansion of lithium salt capacity Use of information on legal compliance, independent and objective presentation of the present report, data and information used in this report from open information in the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.