The ability to expand together, the growing lithium industry is stable, and it's the lithium industry.
Event: The company released its 2021 report, which generated $11,162 million a year, compared to the same year, as the world's leading producer of lithium compounds and metal.
The acquisition and development of lithium resources has progressed steadily, and the pace of raw material development and the growth of processing capacity have maintained the production of accessories and metal lithium processing and downstream lithium cell production and assembly. During the reporting period, the company has continued to expand the global supply of high-quality lithium resources, to be proposed.
Important components of the value chain, such as recovery, acquisition of control over bacanora, acquisition of 49 per cent of Salt Lake, acquisition of 50 per cent of the Lithium Monument Project in Africa, Mali Goulamina, and projected excess of lithium resources (detected)
More than 50 million tons of equity resources are in excess of 27 million tons. From the company’s current lithium platinum distribution structure, taking into account the expansion of marion and changes in the latest charter agreements, and projects such as Goulamina, Finniss, Manono, Pilbara II, etc.
In the future, the company will have access to about 1.07 million tons of lithium concentrate products per year for self-service +290,000 workers, which will support up to 180,000 tons of lithium production capacity, which is essentially in line with the company ' s goal of having 300,000 tons of lithium production capacity (Purpose + halogen + clay) in 2025.
Given the difficulty of accessing high-quality lithium resources globally, indicators such as upstream resource storage, feedstock self-sufficiency and compatibility with processing capacity of companies in the national lithium industry have a clear comparative advantage and are one of the core competitivenesss of companies for their long-term development.
(ii) Active and effective release of capacity with lithium carbonate/Lithium hydroxide/Lithium metallic
The highest single-quarter profit since the establishment, higher than the sum of the previous three quarters; considering that the price of lithium in the 22q1 country has risen to a level of 500,000 yuan per ton, the company ' s operations in lithium salt in 2022 will continue to show a similar increase, against the expectation that the prices of long single overseas prices and the co-director of lithium concentrates will follow upwards,
Lithium cell operations have grown steadily and the size of the recycling operation is starting to grow. In 2021, the company ' s lithium battery product was sold 129/119 million, an increase of 63.3 per cent/64.9 per cent over the same period.
The model still has about 50% of the growth space; the company plans to build a 15gwh power/storage battery project in Jiangxi and Chongqing, generating more than 12 billion yuan at the time of production or contribution.
This will provide the basis for the subsequent expansion of the production capacity of the pre-triple drive project.s1480052010001  Profit Forecast and Rating: New Energy Automobile Demand Maintenance, Premium and Lithium Salt Links
Lithium salt prices will remain high until 2025; the company's performance will benefit fully from the many sources of financial prosperity in the East, such as the rise in lithium prices, expansion of production capacity and cost advantages.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Lithium Littex industry (002460): the expansion of resources in tandem with processing capacity, a decline in the steady growth of the lithium industry, and political risks in resource countries.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, Purple Mining (601899).
He was the investment manager of the East Hing Asset Management Programme (cta) and the general manager of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Department. He was awarded the second prize for joint research on futures and the third prize for joint research on futures of the China Financial Exchange (CIFE); he was awarded the silver and multimedia copper prizes for the Chinese company ' s futures and the soybean futures of the Dalian commodity exchange.
Three prizes, KIM Kim’s share, refers to the right to a future as a prize in a competition with a market competitor. Has been a writer of Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Journal, and has been working on his own research ideas. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.