The Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre, the accelerated distribution of information, is the bottom logic of the current cycle of efficiency control fees, company fundamentals.
We've recalculated the company's performance over the past 10 years, and the rate of growth in software has generally stabilized at around 20%, and the cost is a key factor in determining the non-parent net profit rate fluctuations. At the same time, we've remixed the changes in corporate stock prices over the past 10 years, and we find that the periods of higher stock prices show a “first-up performance, second-higher”.
Valuation, which is characterized by an increase in human effectiveness during the start-up period of the rise in the company’s stock price and its better elasticity. With the company’s prudent control of growth in 2022, the growth rate of q3 battalion has recovered, and after normal conditions, profits have begun to show a higher degree of resilience, with q4 and 2023 expected to continue.
1. One of the fundamental bottom-line logic of the company ' s cost-reducing downsides is that " the net profit without the return of the stock options has reached the point where the human effects have reached the scale of the new, accelerated distribution product " . 2. Stock options are granted to boots on the ground, short-term trading side.
By October 2022, more than 70 products under the company’s flag had completed their credit-fit compatibility.
We're looking forward to completing a full-scale production migration next year. On the basis of this, we're judging that large-scale R & D investment in distributed new products is over, moving to the scale-up phase; and this round of system upgrades is in the financial sector.
In addition, capital-market reforms are continuing. In the last six months, connectivity, bond-type reforms, as opposed to "Employer Holding Normalization, Improve Long-Employing Incentives"
The future of full registration, Hong Kong’s launch of the renminbi stock exchange counter, and the future of the state debt are also to be expected. As capital market reforms are based mostly on standardized documents, it is also expected that Wang Xinjin will be released for company profits.
(b) Competition risk: transfer of transactional risk of up to 50 certificates 1. Cost is a key factor in determining the rate of non-mortality net gains.
We have reviewed the company’s performance over the past 10 years, arguing that the rate of growth in software operations is relatively stable, and that this cost is a key factor in deciding to deduct the fluctuations in net profit gains that are not attributable to the mother. Cost is a key factor in determining the fluctuations in net profit gains that are not attributable to the mother.
Cagr in 2020-2021 replaced; 3) 2015 calculation of software operations eliminated the difference between Internet operations and the previous year, thereby removing the disruption of the new business model from that year’s collection. Since the cost of software companies was mainly for employee remuneration, we split further changes in the number and efficiency of company personnel and found increases in company revenues and net gains in 2013 and 2017-2019.
As a result, the analysis below focuses on changes in the company's costs over the years, particularly driven by periods of human effectiveness, which tend to be characterized by a “first-up performance, second-up valuation”, in which the period of human effectiveness increases is a rise in the company's share price.
Back 60 times and above, Internet finance, capital market reforms, cloud computing, etc., drove stock prices back, and in 2013, 2018, 2019, with a sharp increase in adjusted non-net gains, software receipts remained steady, while average and per capita pay growth slowed relatively. We found that when (1+ software growth rate) - 1+ parity
The average staff growth rate* (1+ per capita salary increase) >0 hours, when adjusted net and per capita net gains were significantly higher than in the previous year.
The non-pe = average market value/net profit for the current year; 6) assumes that the rate of increase in the software collection in 2022 was at the same rate as that of the company as a whole; 6) the average number of employees at the end of the year, assuming that the number of workers in 2022 was at the same level as in 2021: 7) q4 q3 q3 yy per capita remuneration is estimated using: 8) the “software %-number % * remuneration” calculation method is 1 + software %oy) - 1 + average yoy * (1 + + per capita yoy).
The limited on-site implementation of more product-oriented and mature product requirements, as the voucher system is based on more standard regulatory rules, is a long history of recycling that allows companies to achieve smooth growth at lower cost: in 2013, the need for securities firms to upgrade the core trading system uf2.0 began to erupt;
At the same time, it benefited from capital-market reforms, such as equity options and the introduction of a national conversion system, which led to an increase in human effectiveness. In 2018-2019, capital-market reforms accelerated, and a new generation of product research and development has not yet been rolled out on a large scale.
During the year, the stock company ' s investment in information systems rose from 3.1% to 5.1% of the total revenue of the previous year, and the rate of increase in information systems inputs increased from 13.1% to 28.8%, and the overall rate of increase in IT inputs is on the rise.
Note: As a result of the association ' s combined disclosure after 2019 of its staff remuneration and its input into the system; for the purpose of bringing the data together: as a result of the association ' s combined disclosure of its staff remuneration and input into the system after 2019; for the purpose of bringing the data into line
Compared to comparison, we split data for 2019 and beyond according to the previous rates of remuneration and input into the system, and we split data for 2019 and beyond according to the previous rates of remuneration and input into the system.
Financial and technological companies, as well as banking and insurance systems such as financial accounting, credit and capital, and human technology, have been set up, increasing competition for talent in the financial and technological sector, and raising industry wages. Looking ahead, financial and technological companies affiliated with major banks have been set up, and the Internet has been established.
The industry is also focusing more on the main business, and it is expected that the pressure on per capita remuneration will ease further. Given that the premium %* per cent is positive, per capita gains are expected to be more elastic.
Capital market reforms, such as full registration, have also come to an end and future steady growth in business income is no longer sustainable. In addition, in the area of internal management, companies have introduced an integrated software development process in recent years, i.e., product R & D as an investment, which has increased product development and human input efficiency; in the area of technology platforms, company activities
The first 93 per cent of the systems were based on jres 3.0 platforms, which facilitated subsequent upgrades and maintenance of the same version and reduced redundancies for technology redevelopment, and we therefore believe that the company ' s recent gains in human effectiveness were more prudent than the previous year ' s 2022 controls over personnel, and that the q3 battalion ' s recovery rate was back on track.
High elasticity has begun to be demonstrated, and q4 and 2023 are expected to sustain high profit growth. 2.2 The bottom logic of the cost-adding reduction is the diffusion of the accelerated distribution of credit products, which began in 2015 with the transformation of the securities industry from a centralized to a distributed structure;
In 2020, financial innovation was piloted, and low-level domestic production of software and hardware accelerated the transition from centralized to distributed architecture. As the innovation solutions for systems matured in recent years, we ruled that large-scale R & D investment was over and was being scaled up. And the system was upgraded to finance.
Under the external push of the letter, replacements are expected to be faster than during the last round of structural upgrades. Companies are now largely completing full-line product innovation. By October 2022, more than 70 products under the company’s flag had completed CSI compatibility, including uf3.0, o45, ta, financial sales 5.0, etc.
A core business system, such as a fast-track transaction, a fund operation, and a hosting valuation. A compatible infrastructure of communications has been completed, including a chip in China, a sea light, an operating system such as americium, a uniform belief, a lightdb, an oceanbase, a database such as Dharma, and an intermediate in Boland and Orient.
By May 2022, the company had provided credit creation services to nearly 20 financial institutions. The systems, such as ta, treasury 5.0 and valuation, have reached scale-up; uf 3.0 and o45 core systems are online and are expected to be fully operational next year.
In our view, the scaling-up of new and fast-distributed products is an important bottom line for companies in terms of cost-cutting, and the process of capital market reform is continuing. In the last six months, connectivity, bond-type reforms have been relatively intensive.
As capital-market reforms are based mostly on standardized documents, they are also expected to create a higher degree of flexibility in the release of public profits. Figure 9: Capital-market reforms have continued to advance in the past six months.
1) Because of the fact that financial institutions downstream of the company are mostly located in front-line cities, it is likely that recent outbreaks in first-line cities will have an impact on the company’s signing, receiving and inspection, repayments, etc., and the company’s short-term performance is not as good as expected.
2. High demand for business may result in less than anticipated control costs, and if a company observes new business needs, it may invest in people in advance, which may result in staff costs, if the company is under-informed about new business or new technologies, the pattern of competition may change, and hence the company.
The price premium as a pole creates pressure. 4) Transferred the trading risk of credit 50 The company will be transferred the credit 50 index in the near future, and there may be trading-level stock disturbance on that day.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment