At the height of the wave of capital market reforms, the “single” is still the recommended logic of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre: the company, as the leader of securitiesit and fintech, will be well placed to lead the core product market.
To benefit from the expansion of demand for downstream IT construction brought about by the wave of capital market reforms. 1) Short-term human-effect turning points, with strong growth sustainability; 3) long-term targeting of capital market development, full-registry-led financial markets six.
Capital-market reforms create incremental demand, and strong firms benefit fully from it. On the policy front, prudential regulation and prudential regulation work.
In the context of the dual melody of reform and openness, our capital markets continue to prosper, the functional needs of the system and the need for subjects, among others, are increasing year by year. Since 2022, the policy, represented by the full registration system, has been expected to rise, with the prospect of opening a new cycle of information-building.
Large-scale reform initiatives or boosting $4.39 billion of equity in volume demand. The financialit system will benefit from a smooth migration of potential capacity, with long-term convergence practices between financial companies and manufacturers, higher customer stickyness, stable industry patterns, and persistent strategic heights with centralized trading systems based on stone products, among others.
*it technological change attracts stock replacement and drives business to expand from one level to another. On the technological front, the older generation has become increasingly difficult to meet the needs of financial innovation in terms of functionality, efficiency of handling, distributional, substrings such as clouds, the creation of new technologies such as block chains, artificial intelligence, etc., which are closely integrated with higher-level applications and continue to pull gold.
The company’s forward-looking production-ecological-upgrading cloud-based cloud-based cloud-based cloud-distribution technology architecture not only contributes significantly to its own development efficiency, but also promotes a shift to platform-based productization and a shift to a one-time payment plus a system-based income model for platform maintenance to enhance company performance sustainability.
Over the long term, firms have introduced high-post layouts of industry trends through Internet innovation, including horizontal expansion to banking and insuranceit; deep expansion of data capabilities and wealth management operations; and a dynamic drive to move forward in international markets based on constant cloud technology, with a deep expansion of operations becoming a long-term new growth pole for firms.
The Matthews effect continues to ferment, with orders released in the second half of the year. Companies continue to make high-level R & D inputs, structural upgrades to core products such as uf 2.0 and o32, and as capital markets continue to expand and financial institutions become more diversified, the incentives for financial institutions to upgrade the company’s core products, o45 and uf3.0 are evident.
According to research, downstream finance companies have not reduced their annual budget for the year, but only delayed, releasing q3 from the second half of the order set, starting with a rapid recovery of orders and revenues, and maintaining robust performance throughout the year. • Profit forecasting and investment advice.
The new generation of products in the living structure has not yet been fully settled, with short-term cost and cost pressures, and the ps valuation method has been adopted. The Department has long been a national leader in terms of technology and market ownership, and will continue to benefit from financial science and technology.
Permanent Electronics (600570): Continued high growth in revenue collection, q3 efficiency uplifting point to risk: risk of fair value fluctuations in financial assets, etc.
3. Helium Electronics (600570). The core product is well advanced, and the financial system is “long and thin” (2022-04-08).
2022q1 adapts its business classification caliber to the changing demand dimensions of its customers, but it does not have a new business profile. In order to maintain consistency with the same speed increase, we still use the 2021 classification caliber for forecasting assumptions: 1) Large Retailit: The domestic capital market is still in its initial stages of development and, as the reforms continue to deepen, the coupons against it.
Inputs are expected to increase continuously: new products, uf3.0 and new-generation fund registration and clearing system contracts are on-line; 2) large-scale management of IT operations: as new clients sign on-line are moving forward, new clients build up their systems, I 3) data risk and infrastructure operations: data center layout is extremely ambitious in the long run, and companies have well-developed products
The market is in the lead, and we predict an increase in the balance of the purchase orders for the business from 2022 to 2024) banking and industrial operations: as the summit and opics systems of the acquired Finastra are down the line of operations, the digital transformation of supply chain finance is deepening and will result in new order additions to banking and industrialit operations.
5) Internet Innovation Business: Internet Innovation Business is a vertical and forward-looking layout of a company ' s business, projected 6) Non-financial Businesses: In addition to focusing on the strategic positioning of financial institution system providers, companies will also be in the non-financial sector where the market is mainly concerned about the impact of the epidemic on the delivery of corporate orders and the cost implications of a significant expansion in the previous two years
But we believe that the uncertainty is already being pushed to a certain degree by the pricein, with the resumption of the work, and with the catalytic effect of financial innovation, downstream finance companies are being gradually released from deferred IT construction, company orders and revenues begin to recover on a quarterly basis at q3, and core products such as o45, uf3.0 are expected to be on the line, and performance is still stable throughout the year.
Policy support for financial science and technology has been strengthened: capital market reforms have deepened: demand for upscaling is strong: o45 and uf3.0. Companies are at a critical stage of investment in technological architecture transformation, and a new generation of products based on distributed cloud-based architecture is not yet in place.
Full maturity, short-term burden of costs and costs, and ps valuation. Companies are long-term leaders in terms of technology and market ownership, and will continue to benefit from the financial science and technology era, with the new generation of products expected to accelerate the process of up-to-date expansion, and the product will be gradually polished to mature, and profits will be released. So, in 2023, 11 times the ps, corresponding to the target market value of $93.18 billion.
Policy advances are not as high as expected; downstream industry cycle risks; new product promotion is not as high as expected; human expansion leads to a domestic capital market with unlimited operating boundaries.
One-stop financial science and technology solutions provided by clients such as financial and technology products and service providers, primarily securities, futures, public funds collection, trusts, insurance, private funds collection, banking and production, exchange and emerging industries, have now resulted in large retail, large capital, corporate and infrastructure, data risk and platform technology, and Internet innovation.
Over the years, with strong branding influence and industry-led product technology, companies have been honoured on many occasions: the Global Financial Science and Technology Billboard, which rose rapidly from 38 in 2022 to 24 in 2021. In keeping with the development of our capital markets and the application of financial science and technology, companies have experienced business development, Internet transformation, and intelligence.
(i) Business development phase (1995-2005): the establishment of trading spaces, the continuous improvement of the regulatory system, the transformation of the capital market into financial e-engineering, the continuous expansion of the scope of companies according to user needs, the creation of securities, banks, foundations
The company’s business model is based on project-based delivery, with the head customer order being obtained as the leader of the portfolio. 2) Internet transformation phase (2006-2014): Internet finance rises and companies react quickly to turn the Internet on
Transforming, starting to accelerate the overall deployment of business through mergers and acquisitions. At the same time, companies began to reduce integrated operations, sharpen standardized products, and transform into product-based companies. 3) The period of intellectual and digital innovation escalation (2015-present): the financial science and technology era, domestic capital markets.
Reforms are deepening, with companies using advanced technology, such as cloud-based, high-performance, big data, artificial intelligence, and block chains, enabling institutions to become intelligent, digitally transformed and upgraded. At this point, companies begin to transform their platforms, set up a three-tier R & D system, and gradually start trying to charge by flow, etc.
Table 1: Three stages of corporate development. Equity structure is clear and stable. Permanent electronics has been in the financialit industry for more than 20 years, with deep IT technology and b-sources Accumulated in combination with the forward-looking layout of the ant group in financial science and technology, platform operating experience, flow portals, and cloud planners.
On August 26, 2022, the Department issued the Equities Incentives Plan (draft), which proposes to grant 32 million stock options (which will be announced in the draft incentive plan).
At that time, 1.68% of the total stock stock of the company is intended for executive and core management, technology, and business personnel, with 16,66 million stock options, or 0.88% of the total equity of the company.
The company has implemented several employee holding schemes and incentive schemes, which are expected to create regular incentives for long-term development.
Since 2018, the company has been planning a “6-to-6” business-wide map, producing the corresponding 12 core brands covering the one-stop demand for financial institutions’ pre-, medium- and back-office systems. “6-row” refers to the re-engineering of solutions in an online environment and the re-engineering of financial institutions' business processes, business logic and experience.
The main vertical business areas are: Large Retailit (Property Management, Brokering), Big Capitalit (Asset Management, Institutional Services), Banking and Industrial Financial Services, and Financial Infrastructure. "Standard 6" refers to the upgrading of micro-serviced architectures, including technology hubs, data hubs, and three main mediums of operations.
These are: risk compliance, technology platforms, data and ai components, saas, toto/kpo, bpo, and operations. Management change, standardization-personalization-crowding product targeting.
This adjustment is intended to help management target their operations according to the type of business: Big Retailit, Big Managerit, Enterprise/Insurance Core and Foundation, Facilities t, Data Risk and Platform Technology , Internet Innovation and non-financial operations.
Products; corporate/insurance cores and infrastructureit operations provide clients with more personalized services; and data risks and platforms.Techit operations carry a constant technologically leading light cloud to build the company’s cloudy competitiveness. Investment M&As are maintained and corporate boundaries are constantly expanding. Companies continue to do so in terms of technology, business/products and market layout.
(i) In the area of technology: in addition to the deployment of new technologies, companies have continued to build up the core competitiveness of cloud technology through cooperation and investment with their counterparts. 2) In the area of business/products: in 2021, companies acquired Danvo smartness by recapitalizing their shares, which further complemented the line of intellectual investment products; and in the area of insurance/banking, they acquired constant new profits and finastra in the field of insurance/bankit.
The financial management system in mainland China and in Hong Kong and Australasia is related to operations and intellectual property rights, and is integrated with the control company, the Yunjin Network, to improve the company ' s layout of the financial trading system. 3) Market layout: companies continue to move forward with the internationalization strategy, taking the first step of internationalization through Hong Kong subsidiary, Hen YunTech, and acquiring Malaysia ' s leading Malaysia
Trade settlement supplier n2nect shares of 23.66 per cent, arranged for the company to expand in the South-East Asian market.
According to the old classification, the share of business income remained stable, with high growth in core business. 1) The two core industries, which showed good performance in terms of major retailit and major capital managementit, achieved income of $211.1.171 billion in 2021, with an increase of about 40 per cent in the same year, and combined revenue amounted to 69.5 per cent. In 2021, the company ' s new generation of products landed smoothly, with a steady increase in the number of clients contracted.
Add: The uf3.0 Integrated Securities and Financial Services platform in the area of large retailing has been fully operational, with a distributed cloud-based architecture that is constantly developing in terms of credit creation, and has worked in depth with seven coupons, such as Chinese securities, square securities, and booming securities: new businesses, such as North Exchanges, integrated accounts optimization, have also brought sufficient business opportunities and revenue to retail brokers.
At the same time, the bulk of the portfolio ' s product, i.e., o45, was officially introduced to the first client in the fund industry, valued at 6.0 with multiple co-clients in securities, banks, trusts, and funds. 2) The third largest business of the company is Internet innovation, providing a one-stop service solution based on cloud-based investment transactions, valuations, hosting liquidations, etc., for customers, and was collected in 2021.
800 million yuan, an increase of 33.7 per cent in the same year, and 14.6 per cent in income, while priority affiliates such as the Helium Pool, the Cloud Science and Technology have made significant breakthroughs in the technical structure of products and in client orders. 3) The overall development of the data risk and infrastructure industry has been positive, with the underlying data widened, with 23 new clients added to the data center in 2021, and has expanded its reach.
Businesses such as financial digitalization are expected to be scaled up in the future. 4) The banking and industrial IT lines are stable, and China’s cloudization strategy continues to deepen.
The impact of the epidemic has gradually faded, with firm growth in the company’s three quarters of operations. In the first three quarters of operations, the company’s core business, which was heavily retail, received $84.16 billion, an increase of 10.1 per cent, or 28.1 per cent, compared with the previous three quarters, while the total share was 65.4 per cent, while the purchase orders were delayed to q3, and the single q3 retail, insurance and infrastructure items were received separately.
With this increase, the company ' s other product lines have also expanded well: a new generation of tas has entered a full-blown application phase; new products, such as pb2.0, is2.0, gains swaps, have been successfully promoted, industry pole projects have been set, company performance has been mixed with growth and certainty throughout the year, 32.8 per cent since the 2020q3 accounting revenue recognition standard was changed from a percentage recognition to an end-of-life basis, with different accounting calibres.
The cost/cost side continues to improve and q3 enters the performance period. The increase in the company ' s Māori ratio over the year +3.24 pp to the administrative cost ratio is mainly due to the impact of depreciation on fixed assets.
The decline of 98.3 per cent over the same period is mainly due to a significant change in the fair value of financial assets, such as winning the game. Overall, changes in corporate governance have progressed as expected. Cost and cost follow-up are expected to improve gradually.
The per capita profit cut-off, although slightly later than per capita income generation, continued to grow over time.2 Employer contrasts: strong financial performance, positive corporate cash flows and strong positions in the industrial chain.
The ratio of cash income (net operating cash flow/discount of non-mother-owned net profits) to cash income (sale of goods, cash/business income from the provision of services) is greater than 1, mainly because of the company ' s use of pre-collected delivery patterns, high cash flow, high-quality profitability, and greater voice in the industry chain.
Closely, the overall level is higher than the industry average. Since downstream financial institutions are more concentrated in the last two or four quarters, costs are prolonged, inputs are renewed, input output is worse than they are, operating cash flows are net of $60 million in the first three quarters of 2022, cash income is 96.3 per cent, and the target is to be settled centrally at year-end, and the target is to return to normal levels.
Continued high levels of R & D investment and the competitiveness of a new generation of products. Corporate R & D investment has long been at the forefront of the industry, with firms continuously increasing their investment to respond to the demand for new products brought about by capital market reforms. R & D spending in the first three quarters of 2022 has reached levels in recent years, and firms have invested heavily in research and development to launch new products and upgrade core products: uf3.0, o45,
Valuation 6, the new generation of ta, complete the upgrade of cloud-based technologies, and the Light technology platform continues to deepen the cloud-based layout, publishing Lightdb, Lightcore, and so on, and the follow-up progress is to be expected. Dubon's analysis: the high-profit model is more sustainable. Roe in 2021 was 28.6%, down 0.71 pp in the same year.
Through the Dupont analysis, the result is that the company’s roe level is far higher than the industry as a whole for a long period of time, driven mainly by high net profits from sales. Although the company’s operations have expanded rapidly over the past two years, with significant increases in R & D and human investment, the net profit rate of the company has declined significantly, but it has remained at high levels within the industry.
Power and productivity efficiency, and the sustainability of bargaining power and production efficiency, provide firm guarantees of long-term high-roe stability.3 Technologies and policies create new opportunities and demand for increased stocks continues to flourish, from the supply side, driven by national and local policies, technological upgrading in the science and technology sector, and digitalization in the financial sector
Transformation, financial innovation, and regulatory advances offer new opportunities for the financial science and technology sector. At the demand level, capital-market transformation and technological change drive demand for the capital-management intensities that continue to flourish: 1) Financial markets dominated by full registration in 2022, with six definitive reforms that will contribute 4.39 billion in incremental demand to the capital-market IT sector: 2) distributed cloud-based thinking
Leading the innovation of the bottom-of-the-bank technology architecture, new technologies such as block chains, artificial intelligence, etc., which together drive the continued expansion of demand for replacement of financial institutions systems. Figure 21: Sustained booms in supply and demand in the financial science and technology sector
3.1 Technology and policy support resonance, financial technology booming, 3.1.1 is history: financial technology is both technology and policy-driven financial innovation Financial technology is an emerging technology driven by cutting edges such as big data, artificial intelligence, block chains, cloud computing, bio-recognition, etc.
Industry, with the aim of adapting products, business models, business processes, etc. of modern technology or innovative financial institutions, contributes to the efficiency of financial institutions. Since the 1960’s, technology in the science and technology sector has been undergoing a new cycle every more than 10 years, leading to a corresponding change in operations in the financial sector.
(1) Financial e-commerce and informationization phase (1970s-2003): this phase is mainly an internal information transformation using the upgrade of IT back-office business models, business processes and management models to improve the internal efficiency of financial institutions through centralized risk control, rapid expansion of operations and paperless office.
(2) Internet finance phase (2004-2015): As the operations of financial institutions have expanded significantly, financial institutions have responded to real-time user requirements. At the beginning of the twenty-first century, the Internet has flourished, traditional financial institutions have integrated information-sharing and operations through online business platforms, and Internet technology has provided real-time and efficient support to finance-related operations at the front end of financial institutions.
At this stage, the Internet has infiltrated the financial front-office system, helping to make financial operations truly interconnected. (3) The financial intelligence phase (2015 to the future): In the context of a new technological revolution and industrial transformation, the financial institutions have actively promoted the transformation of new technologies and business integration and innovation, making greater use of modern technology to transform or innovate financial production.
New technologies, such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing, and networks, combine deeply with financial operations to provide innovative energy for information gathering, investment decision-making, wind control, etc., including big data letters, smart investment, supply chain finance, etc.
Since 2017, when the Central Bank formally established the Financial Science and Technology Council, various sectors and regions have been actively promoting financial and technological sector development policies. Following the Golden Year, on 4 January 2022, the Central Bank issued its second round of financial and technological development plans (2022-2025).
National policy planning is designed at the top, and local policies have often been released to help boost the capacity of new and technologically advanced institutions to open up a wider development space for our financial science and technology industry.
Table 6: Development of local policies in financial science and technology development (keywords: innovation piloting, assembly building, leading enterprise development) 3.1.2 Technological and financial integration innovations, leading the three main directions of development in the financial sector.
The former financial institution’s back-office system has been largely computerized. With policy support and industry demand-side driving, finance and technology drive three major trends in the development of financial institutions: (a) innovation in technology-enabling financial business models, services and products; (b) digitalization of the financial sector; (c) technology helps financial institutions reduce risks, solve credit problems, and leverage regulatory science and technology:
3) The financial sector has been replaced by national production, with three major trends. According to the Irene Advisory Report on the Development of the Financial Science and Technology Sector in China, 2021, the market size of China ' s financial science and technology sector was 14.7 per cent in 2017-2020, and the market size of China ' s financial science and technology sector is expected to be 542.3 billion yuan in 2022.
(1) The first digitalization of banking insurance and accelerated promotion of securitiesit. Technical investment in the banking, insurance and securities sectors in 2020 was 2078.0/351.0/262.29 billion yuan, respectively; the banking sector, as the main subject and hub of our financial system, remained stable in scale.
In the first place, each of the three main areas is currently in the process of information-based transition to digitalization, with top-level institutions focusing more on building core systems and bottom-level technical capacity, and middle-end institutions choosing integrated application-level solutions for efficiency and utility. (2) Regulation of sandboxes enhances the availability of technology and widens the scope of the industry
In December 2019, the Central Bank launched a project in Beijing on the regulation of sandboxes, leading licensed financial institutions and technology companies to explore the use of new and emerging technologies to drive financial innovation, enable financial efficiency and improve financial efficiency.
Regulation of sandboxes refers to the testing by financial technology enterprises of their innovative financial products, services, business models and marketing methods in safe spaces, to a lesser extent subject to regulatory rules. By the end of 2021, more than 120 projects in 17 cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Chongqing, Yuan, Hangzhou, Suzhou, etc., entered the “Control of sand”
Boxes. “Control sandboxes” effectively enhance regulatory tolerance of regulators for new technologies, applications, models, and promote the wider application of new technologies over time, in order to achieve greater development space for financial science and technology.
The development of financial science and technology poses a major challenge to traditional rules and regulations, by improving data processing, customer identification, stress testing, market behaviour monitoring, and monitoring laws and regulations to improve the regulatory capacity of regulatory bodies and reduce the cost of compliance by financial institutions.
The S & T branch, which regulates S & T, improves the quality and efficiency of financial services through new and emerging technological instruments such as cloud technology, big data, artificial intelligence and block chains, and widens the scope of financial S & T. (3) The core system of financial institutions is nationalized and competition is reduced to domestic firms.
The financial sector is autonomous. Financial innovation is carried out in the form of a “pilot, then comprehensive” roll-out. In 2020, there were 47 pilot institutions, mainly head banks, insurance, securities, one-line meetings and exchanges, mostly oa-office systems, requiring the purchase of basic hardware and software for 5-8% of it; and the expansion of the pilot institutions in 2021.
As many as 198, basic IT hardware accounted for 10-15 per cent of the demand for it; while the scale is expected to expand further in 2022, the breadth and depth of the extension phase is expected to expand, with IT hardware input expected to account for 30 per cent of industry ' s 1t annual expenditure. The financial IT system is fast-tracked and autonomous, with two main aspects:
Nationalization of various financial institutions systems: 1) Bankit: banking is the largest in volume, bankit construction is the highest and barriers are the highest, and early overseas giants have a higher market share in key areas such as core business systems.
The Fund began at the end of the last century, at a smaller early stage, with domestic ii suppliers, such as permanent electronics and gold shares, having developed mature products that could meet the needs of their systems. With local service and cost advantages, permanent and gold certificates quickly accounted for the main share of the market for domestic bonds and fundsit.) Insuranceit: compared to securities and banks, insurance transactions
As a result of the low frequency of info-transformation, the insurance system started late, mainly with the provision of systems by domestic manufacturers, representing the owner of the company for China, China, and soft power. The financialit application system matches the information technology of the replaced hardware and database: ibm servers, oracles
According to a centralized Iioe architecture based on banks, emc stocks, it is becoming difficult to adapt to the new digital finance industry with high co-existence, high migration, and high compatibility. A distributed programme based on X86 computers and distributed databases, with its good outreach, low marginal costs, and strong data-processing capabilities, is becoming the direction of the development of the financial entity.
The capacity of the home-grown environment to speed up the process of financial innovation applications, the need for financial business systems to be equipped with a large number of standard hardware and software systems, covering servers, databases, operating systems, intermediates, terminal machines, terminal operating systems, end browsers, streaming software, layout software, etc.
In terms of progress, as of May 2022, more than 70 products under the Helium flag had fully completed their credit-creation adaptations, including uf3.0, ta, fast-track trading, capital operating systems, hosting valuation systems, and so on.
Table 7: Financial intuitiveness of the system; Financial integrator reduces competition and creates greater market space. The key to the innovation lies in autonomous R & D and, consequently, national production substitution, not only opening up the space for larger industrial applications, but also helping domestic technology manufacturers to avoid some naturally.
There are very few financial technology companies with CSRC records and creditworthiness. As of the end of 2021, the largest amounts of $3.7644 million and $12.251 million, respectively, had been recorded in the Internet Internet ISPs.
The network of equipment and the Announcer Finance Building office network equipment: a permanent electronic e-mail project is a unique source of information on the securities of traders. The cloud platform has expanded its reach and the IT database is working both ways. 3.2 vs. overseas, domestic financial institutions are expected to invest in it.
In terms of financing, global financial science and technology continues to grow. 2022q1 global financial science and technology has the highest total of 1,399 financing events ever, amounting to $28.8 billion, a decline of 18.2% in the ring, but it is still significant. Governments attach great importance to their own financial science and technology development, with more than 40 cities in the world having policies or instruments related to financial science and technology.
According to Deloitte’s pre-epidemiological projections, global revenues in financial science and technology are expected to rise from 92 billion euros in 2018 to nearly 188 billion euros by 2024.
Compared to overseas, there is still much room for information-based investment by the country. In terms of information-based input as a percentage of revenue, the gap between domestic and foreign top9 securities agencies is narrowing, and the amount of investment by domestic toners is on the international line. In absolute terms, in 2021, the amount of information-based investment by overseas top9 investment was about 8.8 times higher than in the country.
The average of information-based inputs for 105 coupons amounted to $322 million a year, with only the top 24 collectors and a very small number of tailers contributing higher than averages, with a clear "head-to-foot" feature. Of this, the top20 info-in ratio was 6.4 per cent, while the bottom info-related inputs were 13.5 per cent, and the middle-to-end info-related inputs increased.
For the US, domestic capital markets are in urgent need of improvement, and the capacity of financial institutions needs to be upgraded. In recent years, domestic capital markets have continued to improve in new systems and operations, such as bonds, swaps, and equity-based futures, but our capital is much better than overseas.
As multi-tier capital markets are well developed, and the depth and breadth of operations are widening, the ability of bond dealers and capital managers to provide integrated services will be more tested and need to be upgraded. The future growth in domestic financial institutions’ input (= yield size*it share) will come from two multipliers: 1)
Its contribution ratio: As the financial sector becomes more diversified and complex, and the digital transition accelerates, it will grow steadily compared to the revenue base: 2) The size of the collection: as domestic capital market reforms deepen, financial institutions have a wider range of operations, products are more diversified, and the size of domestic bond dealers and capital controls will grow significantly, leading to demand growth in it.
3.3 Capital market reforms have created incremental demand, technological changes have attracted stock replacements, China’s capital markets have continued to prosper, and there has been wide scope for building capital markets.
Over the years, property has returned from financial properties to its original residential properties, as policies related to housing have been put in place. Large amounts of capital have flowed from real estate to capital markets, and capital markets have continued to prosper.
By the end of 2021, there were 140 bond dealers, 33 insurance managers, 20 securities managers, and 29 banks.
and 150 public funds (including 14 securities companies or the Asset Management Branch of the Securities Corporation and 2 insurance asset management companies qualified to administer public funds).
In recent years, domestic capital market changes have been expanding in depth, and the process of policy publication and landing has accelerated: (a) the restructuring and restructuring of the trading market: the integration of the deep market board with the middle and middle floors, the establishment of the North Crossing: (b) the transformation of the trading rules: the acceleration of registration, the innovation of bond trading rules,
t+0 Pilot studies: (3) diversification of trading operations: infrastructure reits, investment, bank finance: (4) open to external investment entry, cross-border finance management. Financial science and technology underpins the efficient and orderly development of related systems such as capital market reforms, which will continue as financial market reform policies continue to be implemented
Capital market reform policies have been issued frequently, and the demand for financial institution systems has increased considerably. In terms of progress in policy implementation: 1) policies such as the integration of the master board with the middle and middle floors, the creation of the North Handover and the adjustment of bond trading rules are largely across the board and the resulting incremental demand for the system has been absorbed in the market. 2) The six definitive outlooks for the capital market include full registration, public fund-raising, etc.
The liberalization of the Fund’s license plate, the creation of a market-based system, the opening up of public fund-raising infrastructure reits, the creation of new financial subsidiaries in large banks, such as comptoirs and joint ventures in China and the South, have been influenced by six major policy developments, with financial institutions requiring about $4.39 billion in system growth.
On 25 June 2022, a workshop on comprehensive registration reform was held, and it is expected that the registration system will soon be fully operational.
New, upgraded, and modified. On a hypothetical basis, we predict that the incremental demand for the addition and adaptation of financial institutions’ internal systems as a result of full registration will amount to $1.06 billion.
The price of the wind-controlled renovation system is $4,248 million, and the cost of the business systems, such as the HCM upgrade of investment transactions in support of the registration of the entrepreneurship board is $1.76 million. We assume that the average cost of the upgrades to the registration system is $4.5 million for voucher dealers; and the cost of retrofitting the securities management, insurance administration, public fund and treasury is $2 million.
Assumption 2: Subjects of Demand, 140 coupons will build new information systems, adapt wind control systems to meet master-board registration requirements; 216 bonds, insurance, public funds, and financial transactions, etc. Business systems will need to be modified. (2) Opening up the Fund's license plates to financial institutions will provide 1.212 billion yuan in incremental space
The Fund ' s clients will become a future industry trend, with the gradual release of licences by bond dealers, funds and bankers for the construction of the public investment system, including the upgrading of existing systems for public investment, the construction of new operating counters and asset allocation management systems. It is expected that the Fund ' s investment pilot will be fully liberalized to the Fund, bond dealers, fund managers and fund managers.
Assumptions: change prices, taking into account the winning price of constant electronics in SPF investment projects, assuming that the average cost of restructuring the system is $4 million.
Each subsidiary has an additional need for a public fund-raising system. A total of 303 financial institutions have a need to upgrade the system, after deducting 24 fund managers and 29 coupons who have acquired a licence to invest in the fund.
On May 13, 2022, the CSRC issued the Pilot Rules for the Market Trading of Stock in Securities Companies, under which a total of 25 coupons meet the core requirements of the pilot couponer to qualify for the current pilot roll as a market business.
With a price of 480,000 dollars for the new three-board automatic market system project, and due to the small size of the stock market, we assume that the average price of the bond market system is 800,000 dollars, and that the full liberalization of the future market system will provide 110 million yuan in incremental space for the financial science and technology industry.
(4) As of June 2022, 13 publicly funded reits projects have been officially approved, more public funds will be involved in the construction of infrastructure reits projects, and more securities, managers and bankers will be involved in the reits investment transactions.
The core systems needs of vendors, such as the Public Fund, will continue to expand. The core systems requirements of the Fund include: the establishment of a system for the audit of public funds based on a register of business start-ups; the establishment of a new generation of trading systems to support reits requests and transactions; the adaptation of the Fund’s business management system and wind control system to co-reits products; and the establishment of asset-support securities management.
The core demand of buyers, such as securities dealers, managers, and bankers, is to upgrade the trading system to support reits business transactions. We predict that, as the reits market is enriched and more robust, it will provide $190 million in incremental space for financial science and technology.
Assumption 1: System Price, with reference to the system reits reits project, we assume that the cost of retrofitting the Reits vendor ' s public fund is $800,000; the cost of remodelling the buyer is $200,000. Assumption 2: The demand subject, as Reits move forward, 150 public funds need to be co-located with the buyer and the seller.
(e) Public fund licence plates provide $330 million in incremental space for capital management and financial liberalization;
Specialized asset management agencies, such as subsidiaries, insurance companies, and banking and finance companies, apply for public funds license plates in accordance with the law... in the public fund management business. We predict that the liberalization of public funds licence plates will provide industry with an incremental space of $330 million.
Assumption 2: subjects of demand, banks with financial subsidiaries, securities management and insurance funds that do not currently have public fund plates (6) The Central and Foreign Joint Investment Bank and the city comptoirs will be the main players in the establishment of financial subsidiaries, with an incremental demand of $1.48 billion
On April 27, 2018, the Central Bank, the Superintendence of Silver Insurance, the Securities Commission and the four branches of the National Foreign Exchange Administration jointly issued a new Financial Management Code, which provides for the independent establishment of a banking subsidiary to conduct financial operations, achieve risk segregation and complete a net-value transformation. There are currently 177 large state-owned banks, stock-based banks, municipal comptoirs, and foreign and Chinese joint-venture banks in the country.
In March 2022, a total of 29 companies were set up. In the future, China-China and foreign joint-venture banks and municipal comptoirs will be the main players in the establishment of the subsidiaries, with the corresponding financial management systems, wind control systems responding to demand.
We assume that the price of the bidding price is $10 million for the construction of the banking finance business system. Under the above scenario, the future growth of the bank’s new finance subsidiary will generate $1.48 billion in business growth in the financial science and technology industry.
3.3.2 Technological change creates a differentiated service model, drives a new cycle of system replacement and enabling operations; technological change leads to more efficient operations and creates differentiated service models. As competition increases, the development of differentiated financial institutions is a necessary trend, and the core demand for technology from financial institutions goes from supporting operations to leading them.
(Reducing efficiency gains) and transformation of enabling operations (diverse products and services), with a strong demand for systems replacement. 1) Leading operations: Building distributed substrate structures, migrating self-built components to cloud-based structures, deploying resources to cloud-based systems, enabling financial institutions to improve R & D efficiency, enhance system stability and optimize resource and human costs. 2) Enabling operations: Financial machines
In parallel with the steady development of major industries, the main objective is to build differentiated core competitiveness, using emerging technologies, such as block chains, to exploit the advantages of deep-deep vertical operations and explore fine-tuning the course of business. Distributed cloud-based thinking leads to the bottom of the technological architecture. Innovations, new technologies, such as block chains, artificial intelligence, guide changes in the application function at the upper level, driving a new round of financial institution systems.
(1) Distributed architecture supports financial institutions to break through the performance bottlenecks of centralized structures. Distributed architecture refers to deploying different service modules on multiple different servers, replacing large machines with a group of computer clusters, and working together by calling for synergies remotely. Distributed architecture has the advantages of high availability, low delay, high speed, flexible horizontal expansion, etc.
It's the best technological tool to break through the centrality bottlenecks. As the volume of transactions that financial institutions need to deal with increases, the number of city-level indexes of access and the types of operations are growing, and the weaknesses of centralized systems are evident by increasing the computing and storage capacity of single machines, transforming the technology architecture from a cluster structure to a distributed structure, replacing it with a distributed and secure computing base.
The platform is the core demand of financial institutions. (2) The traditional monolithic architecture shifts to the replacement of the technological architecture for cloud-based micro-services. The current business of financial institutions is moving towards diversification and scale, and the traditional monolithic symmetry structure is difficult to adapt, with the center being the home of the micro-service architecture.
, which can be divided into data hubs, operations hubs, and technology hubs. The cloud-based micro-service architecture is designed to serve a specific purpose as a stand-alone module, divided in a high-integral, low-coupled manner, in conjunction with technology such as containers, service grids, etc., that achieves fast-evolving functions by business modules, independently developing deployments, etc.
Addressing the problems posed by the high intermodule convergence of modules under a single-body structure, providing more flexible, agile operational and technological support, and better adapted to the diverse business changes and agile business needs of financial institutions. Financial institutions have a strong demand for replacement of micro-service structures from traditional monolithic symmetry to cloudyuan.
(3) Block chain technology is widely applied to enable financial institutions to develop their operations. Block chain technology is essentially based on decentralised accounting, distribution, detrust, impostability, transferability of values and programmable features, and its integrated application plays an important role in new technological innovations and industrial transformations. But, based on current regulatory conditions, many correspond to the block chain.
In 2018, the China Internet Gold Association analysed 111 block chains of 46 institutions in the country, and found that 79% of the cases were concentrated in the areas of supply chain gold, trade finance, insurance, cross-border payments, and asset securitization (abs).
With the gradual development of electronic instruments, the block chain will be used more widely in such contexts as regulatory technology and scenario finance, as core technologies for creating differentiated services for financial institutions.
Four product advantages are established, waiting for the three main layouts to bloom, and the company has created a core product niche with the trading system and the Fund's Investment Management System, adding a forward-looking cloud.
The capital market's long slopes of snow, the firm's strong product edge, and its high-level agenda, with a long-term high-quality growth space with multiple dimensions: 1) a short-term view of the product, a time-seeing platform where the company has built up a cloud-based distribution platform that is at the forefront of the financial cloud solution market.
The positive layout of the cloud developers' ecology, the shift to a type-subscription charge model, with a very sustained medium-term performance; and 3) the long-term perspective that business expansion, horizontal layout, deep outreach and the expansion of the three high-post layouts in the international market will become the driving force of companies' long-term performance.
4.1 Internal and external advantages create a core product niche, sustain and strengthen product strength Industry characteristics + own advantages create a high market advantage, and high R & D inputs drive the cloud transformation to consolidate the dominant position. From an industry perspective, downstream clients’ highly sticky +it service providers have a strong bargaining power that stabilizes the pattern of intra-industry competition; from the firm itself.
The advantage is that, with early entry plus full product matrix plus continuous grinding of standardized products, the market share of core products is consistently high, and the dominant position is clear. In the face of the need to upgrade systems as a result of the expansion of capital markets and the proliferation of financial institutions, companies continue to have high R & D inputs to promote the clouding of core products and remain at the core in the context of the cloudization transition.
4.2.1 Industry traits + their own advantages in creating a leading product power The leading position in the area of segmentation continues to be strong. Thanks to the characteristics of the outside industry and the accumulated advantages of internal technology and business over the years, the market for raw core products is consistently higher: (1) in brokering, the constant centralized trading system uf 2.0/uf3.0 (Systems/periods)
(ii) O32/o45 Investment Transaction Management System as the core product of the continuum.
Industry characteristics: downstream customers are sticky, offer bargaining power and the pattern of competition is stable. Domestic securities and financial system providers are mainly electronics, gold shares, top-point software, and win-wins.
Clients and projects are the key competitiveness of firms in the industry, and the pattern of intra-industry competition is stable. In terms of the volume of revenue, E.H.E. is now the largest-earning company in the securities and capitalit sector, in 2021.
Gold medals, gold medals, and top-of-the-art software still have a great advantage in the area of finance: 1) First advantage: to grow with the industry. Compared to other companies in the industry, companies have refined their business and product co-existence by working deep in the market for many years, building financial systems covering securities, funds, insurance banks, trusts, futures, etc.
Standardized products and solutions covered by the field, the pre-existing advantages of growing together with the financial sector, have been sustained and reinforced by the advantages of the product. 2) Post-consequent advantages: ex-persons explore the path, and e-substitutes take advantage of the cooling. The E-Golden shares are the first two capital market it providers and the first two financial it providers to launch the securities trading system in the country.
In 1993, the gold medallion pioneered a domestic securities trading system, with a constant electronic response, which succeeded in catching up on the stock of gold certificates as a domestic leader in capital markets by developing a standardized product system with subsequent advantages based on knowledge of market demand.
Continuing high R & D inputs, core products complete cloud-based technological upgrades. In 2020, the cloud-based technological architecture for core products was constantly completed.
Financial institutions, such as insurance trusts, are on-line to meet the needs of financial institutions in the big data age for high-availability, high-performance, low-time, high-value, flexible, fast-expanding systems. (1) The number of clients has increased dramatically and the securities trading system has been upgraded from uf2.0 to uf3.0:
Since its inception, he has developed a deep-farmed securities trading system: 1) In 1997, he established a cooperative relationship with a number of large securities companies and introduced a securities trading management system, bttv5.0.
Building, btrv 5.0, with advanced technological capabilities, quickly took over half of the stock market. (2) At the beginning of the 21st century, financial market developments introduced new requirements for the securities trading system.
3) In 2008, he launched the securities trading system uf 2.0, uf 2.0, which proposed four layers of structure, divided the intermediates into logical and atomic layers, shared the computing pressure of the database section, and introduced parallelly expanded multi-trading centres.
With excellent trade stability and efficient clearing functions, uf2.0 city has continued to take the lead. (4) With the first three generations of product solutions to performance and stability problems, a micro-service architecture has been introduced, and a uf3.0 that facilitates the development of coupons has been introduced, with market-wide, business-wide and variety-wide coverage, while also supporting a large number of innovative operations.
The further expansion of the market has resulted in a surge in trading volumes, pressure on bond dealers, and a significant increase in demand for high-performance, scalable, high-throughput trading systems. With the advantage of uf2.0 accumulated customers and the superior uf3.0 product performance, the uf2.0 coupons that have been introduced are in the process of being upgraded to uf3.0 over time.
Extremely stringent, system upgrades are more time-consuming, and uf3.0 is now only going online for 300+ business-wide securities, covering priority operations such as finance coupons, stock options, and finance, with full landing. Only the upgrading needs of domestic bond dealers are considered, taking into account the consistent market share in the trading system, and according to the Chinese Securities Association, by the end of 2021, the share of domestic securities was shared.
140 businesses, based on an upgrade unit price of $8 million, are expected to add $560 million to the company's revenue from the uf3.0 upgrade. (2) “The era of big capital management”, the need to upgrade the investment management system from o32 to o45: Three alternations of the permanent investment management system: as China's financial markets mature, the permanent investment management system is going through
1) 1998 E-Standing electronics based on the sqlserver database, with the introduction of the Fund Investment Transaction Management System (SFIMS) s1.0, s1.0, designed specifically for the Foundation Corporation, which provides HS core position in the Fund Management System; 2003 when the Company introduced the oracle database and launched the O3 system; 2007 HS-O3 multi-sectors
The service module was redeveloped and upgraded to introduce the O3 upgrade system. o32 is an investment transaction asset management system covering basic information, account management, command management, transaction execution, wind control management, filing, liquidation, financial statements, etc.
In December 2021, for the first time, o45 went online at the Huabao Fund, and in March 2022, when the auto-bank account in Huaitai was replaced by o45, the first securities firm to run a new distribution of micro-services, i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e.e., i.e.e., i.e., i.e.e.e., i., i.e., i., i., i., i., i., i., i.e., i.e.e.e., i., i., i.e.e.e., i.e.e., i.e.e.
By the end of 2021, the country’s total market size was at the end of 2021.
1.4 trillion yuan, and the overall capital market will continue to expand in the future, and is expected to reach 336 trillion in 2030. The permanent trading system clients, who have not only public funds, but also securities, insurance, trusts, banks, etc., are in a major market of millions of dollars. We believe that the following may be a motivation for financial institutions to replace o45: 1)
High trade/liquidation performance, suitable for larger funds and funds management; 2) provision of more comprehensive solutions, including complete solutions for the management of trading systems, such as investment, portfolio management, investment transactions and wind control compliance; 3) pine-coupled technology racks to achieve rapid stand-alone deployment and upgrading of sub-operations. We anticipate that with the core of the o45 advantage, it will continue to be maintained.
At the high market rate of investment management systems, according to data from the China Foundations Association and the China Insurance Asset Management Association, by the end of 2021 there were 218 domestic public funds, securities management, insurance management and bank finance units, which are expected to generate an income increase of $1.96 billion for companies at an upgraded unit price of $10 million.
4.2 Cloud platform coupons are self-researching, re-engineering of income patterns, forward-looking cloud platforms, and low efficiency + re-engineering of income patterns. He has been actively promoting the three-step strategy of lonline cloudization since 2018, from building a production and operation system on the cloud to building an entire industry of financial science and technology, and then before moving forward.
As technology is integrated into the upgrading of operations and products, developing a well-developed cloud-based production-ecological-upgrading platform architecture. Through three medium-stage and “light cloud” layout-distributed cloud-based developers' ecology, heterogeneous life can significantly increase efficiency in development, reduce costs, and facilitate the integration of cutting-edge technologies with operations and products; and, from an operational point of view, clouds.
The platform will facilitate a shift in corporate services from a product-based to a platform-based approach, both by providing a platform for cloud development for the self-researchers, and by re-establishing the corporate income model and further enhancing the sustainability of performance growth.
In response to the continuing changes in the business needs of financial institutions, in 2018 the company proposed a “online” strategy that would enable financial institutions to upgrade their efficiency by using advanced technologies such as cloud-based, high-performance, medium-sized, large data, ai, block chains, and so on, along the two main lines of process digitization and capability digitization.
The strategy includes, among other things: 1) mveonline - building low-level technological infrastructure for medium-sized micro-services: 2) liveonline - building eco-systems for industry-wide financial science and technology; 3) thinkonline - cutting-edge technology applications and digital intelligence building. 4.2.2 Three mid-levels drive the transformation of distributed micro-services.
The three main technology-data-business medium-level concepts are the first step in the application of cloud-based distribution structures to products. The company helped to achieve scale effects and lower efficiency gains for financial institutions through technology-data-business centres.
The distributed technology medium jres 3.0 supports the upgrading of products to multiple sites on the Internet. The jres 3.0 technology platform has built a technology platform that meets the distribution pattern and the development of the distributed low-time system, with reusable, extendable, high-security features, reduced technical requirements for business personnel, improved development efficiency and systems.
Stability. New products such as the constant uf3.0, o45, ta5.0 and the valuation of 6.0 are currently based on the intermediate development of jres 3.0 technology and are also open to ecological partners and financial institutions to access jres 3.0 technology platforms to enhance technological synergies with ecological partners and to better serve financial institutions.
The data center promotes the intellectualisation of the financial sector from quantitative to qualitative: the constant data center has the power to share data across the field, providing one-stop products, technology, and methodological services across the entire chain such as data collection, data modelling, data computing, data governance, data assets, and data services. The company is gradually refining the layout of the data platform:
• ibrain provides data support for artificial intelligence applications. In June 2018, the company officially launched the ibrain data brand, mainly through the application of smart technology, supporting mapping, enabling smart finance, and providing data processing support for artificial intelligence applications in financial institutions.
Structured data, such as love; unstructured data, such as financial information text, processed by the right brain, processed by means of nlp technology, logarithm, and reduced data-exchange costs.
In May 2020, Hengsheng further developed his research and development capabilities and products at the data center, using Ann to upgrade his head by integrating his software technology and products.
The Fund’s client coverage, and the synergies with the development and marketing of corporate capital management systems. The number of permanent-installation versions, the model and the data-intermediate system software (tool platform) are located in multiple clients and have basically covered the development of data centres in areas related to the marketing, risk, research, and information industries.
The data capability complex, which supports several intellectual applications, has a constant hdp, which continuously empowers financial institutions to build a number of intellectual transformations. In September 2021, Helium Electronics launched the data capability complex, a constant hdp, which provides a life-cycle embedded data governance at the bottom, addressing data resourceification, application ecology, and data values.
Question: Helping the financial sector out of the data itself and achieving a full value chain from data to business. 2021: 23 new clients from the financial sector were added to the centre; number of customers from products such as regulatory data reporting, risk data-collection centres, etc.
Business sharing platforms at the industry level help financial institutions to achieve seven core “competence” sharing, including users, customers, interests, products, notifications, certifications, employees, and re-constructing business portfolios to enable business to innovate quickly. As a supplier with a full financial license, it builds on 27 years of financial familiarity to build core strengths developed in business centres.
Formerly, the Xone centre of operations had accumulated a number of clients, including the Tianhong Foundation, Fangzheng securities, the Union of Nations securities, the Chinese silver securities, and the Chinese silver securities.