In 2023, the market share of q4 was promoted for the first time to fourth place, creating a new branding barrier locally — a report on the event review of the company's audio holdings (688036.sh).
The latest data on canalys, the sound holding, was promoted to fourth place in the global smartphone market for the first time in the fourth quarter of 2023, with a market share of 9 per cent, compared to the 2022 IV ivzy@cfsc.com.cn
Hepc@cfsc.com.cn 2023 is expected to perform well, with significant increases in profitability.
In the global smartphone market data released in the fourth quarter of 2023, sound control units were promoted to fourth place for the first time, with a 9% city share, an increase of 3 pct compared to the previous year.
Freep, 4k60fps super-cleaning Vlog mobile phone infinixzero 305g, etc. medium-end machines. The product structure upgrades and optimizes costs, while the overall Māori ratio gives priority to technology research and development, localizing innovation and building brand barriers
Research and development in key areas such as corporate-focused images, appearances, fast-loading, ai, games, etc. Core capacity building, increasing the power of science, technology and innovation, and the release of the first international standards for mobile-end computing photography systems led by the Division in the first three quarters of 2023.
The digital system is judged by the authority of the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology. At the same time as technology is constantly being upgraded, the company adheres to the idea of localizing innovation, taking into account the specific needs of local clients, and developing technologies such as universaltone images, which display the beauty of the colour of diversity, and so forth.
To upgrade local consumer service experiences with cutting-edge technologies and build brand barriers. According to strong profit-side growth and accelerated promotion of middle- and high-end canalys, companies achieved 40% of the same in Africa ' s markets in 2023 q3
According to the idc report, in the third quarter of 2023, companies ranked first in the volume of smart machines in Africa, Pakistan, Bangladesh, and the Philippines.
“Mobile phones + mobile Internet services + household electricity, digital accessories” 3; Sound Holdings (688036): q2 performance acceleration growth, market openings + product upgrading effectiveness
Layout, creation of smart eco-business, and the creation of multi-level brands and product sequences that meet the needs of different classes of consumers, including tecno, itel, etc.
Three major mobile phone brands infinix, digital accessories oraimo, after-sale service, carlcare and home appliances brands syinix, etc., and autonomously developed smart terminal operating systems such as hios, itelos and Xos and independent applications
A platform to create a full-scale experience of smart life through a multi-faceted eco-business called Mobile Internet Services + Home Power, Digital Parts. Market strategies have significant advantages, and we value companies’ long-term development in emerging markets.
Emerging markets have not developed the expected risks, emerging market demand has not recovered the expected risks, exchange rate volatility risks, mismanagement risks in overseas operations, etc.
Mao Jianxin: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of work experience in American semiconductor companies, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in Ko Yonghau, 2018-2020: Doctor of Physics, University of Gangdan, successively in China Tech Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate
Lu Dzhoyang: A Master's degree from the National University of Australia, formerly in Fangzheng Seok, four years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Jun: Master of Arts from the University of Hong Kong, graduate in economics, joined Chinese securities studies in December 2023 to reflect my research views. I have not, and will not be, pushed forward in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.