2023: A record year-round performance with initiatives to enhance development dynamics Keyword: #Performance#New Products, New Technologies, New Clients#Export Orientation
In 2023, the company issued a fast-performing performance report, with a slightly higher performance than ever before: according to the performance report, in 2023, the company collected $19.37 billion in the fourth quarter, an increase of 83.4 per cent, and a net return of $1.62 billion.
The main reason for the growth in business performance during the reporting period was: (1) the company’s continued expansion of emerging markets, consolidation of priority areas, enhancement of market share, and overall delivery of goods.
(b) Increases in the overall Māori rate of the company through measures such as product structural upgrading and cost optimization; and (c) sustained improvements in the efficiency of the company ' s operations, benefiting from growth in scale, with lower cost rates compared to the previous year. 23 years of record high performance.
• Accelerating global market layouts and actively promoting product structural upgrading: 1) ranking first as China’s technology output. In January, the company announced full access to a cross-border power company platform, Temu, to open up a global map of cross-border power suppliers; 2) companies and Internet access, tethers, etc., are among the leading domestic Internet outlets.
The company's strategic approach to seaboard development and incubation of mobile Internet products. At the same time, the collaboration with the Dobby Lab will also facilitate the deployment of Dobby's panorama technology on a tecno smartphone; 3) the company continues its multi-brand development strategy in digital accessories, home appliances, and through intelligence.
Localization of eco-models of hardware types to expand intelligent hardware novels to meet the needs of consumers in emerging markets; 4) 2023, audio succession rolls around frontline smartphone tecno, Audio Holdings (688036): 2023 q3
High-end products such as tecnophantomvflip5g, physantvold, first-rolling flagship, product upgrading booster sounding further anchoring emerging markets and achieving performance performance rating: strong performance growth, multiple fabrics
• Deep-treasuries of voice-based multi-modelling technology, which has continued to achieve technological breakthroughs: currently, soundings are increasing multilingual data construction and developing small-language speech recognition, semantic understanding, knowledge mapping, speech synthesis.
Arithmetic models and performance reviews on multilingual voice assistants, digital people, and voice forgery detection techniques: three quarters of performance continues to climb, major breakthroughs have been made, and the Department of Audio-Technology has low-resource voice recognition in Asru2023madasr.
The company also promotes the research and application of the i-voice technology to create an interactive experience of localized intelligence.
A step-by-step opening of the company’s growth space will also provide the capacity to generate large-language models for interactive and cross-linguistic translation, and the company’s profitability is expected to continue to grow.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we value the company’s fast-growing mobile phone business and product structure
Three major financial forecasts of sound-held shares: Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.