The company reports a rapid increase in revenue and a high-quality growth.
In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved a growth rate of $5,114 million, or 46.06 per cent, and a net return profit of $348 million, or 9.33 per cent. This represents a decrease of $59 million, compared to the same period in the previous year.
In terms of the Māori rate, it is expected that nine priorities will guarantee the company ' s continued high quality and rapid growth throughout the year. In 2021, the company will continue to advance its high quality development strategy, steadily scale up sales and improve net interest rates.
At this level, there are nine specific priorities: 1) strengthening research and development capabilities to advance global leadership and business imperatives, strengthening big data governance and platform building. 2) Enhancing capacity-building in software architecture. 3) Strengthening regional technology and marketing systems to enhance rapid response. 4) Optimizing global marketing networks and deepening business decline.
5) Enhancing global supply security capabilities and systems delivery and service delivery capacities. 6) Strengthening finance and inputs, upgrading corporate management capacity and standards, promoting human resources change, etc.) Continuing the rapid development of innovative operations. 8) Building client-oriented organizations and strengthening the capacity of the Platform; deepening the talent mechanism and sustaining the momentum
"Study of the National Dollar Securities Corporation - China ' s Shares (002236.sz) Event Review: Energy Dynamics " . 9) Strengthening the global compliance system. Introduction of China ' s mobility, with clear synergies. 2021.03.28
On March 26, the company issued a public announcement introducing China's mobile communications and their subsidiaries to the "Study of the Dollar Securities Corporation - Dahua " (002236.sz) 2020.
Capital transfer is a strategic investor, and when it is closed, it will hold about 9.44% of the company’s share: high-quality development results and significant changes in operating cash flows, making it the second largest shareholder. The total amount raised is not more than $5.6 billion for research and development on core technologies.
The company moves as a traditional security age.
Business giants, whose strengths in end-products and solutions are self-evident. Companies are constantly accelerating research and development innovations in new technologies such as networking, artificial intelligence, big data, and 5g, and have reached the stage of scalding integrated applications across industries. We believe that companies are expected to move the size and strength of their users through China.
The Chinese military has joined forces in the scale of technology such as the one, and the video capability has been extended to a wide range of businesses.
In view of the fact that the company ' s pe has operated mainly between 13 and 33 times in the past three years, the expected net return over the next three years, with 19.47 per cent cagr, and the marked improvement in the quality of its operations, it has maintained the company 22 times in 2021.
The new coronary pneumonia epidemic has been repeated: cooperation with China's mobile strategy has progressed less than expected; the demand for digital transformation of enterprises has been released less than expected: offshore markets have not expanded as expected: innovation business has not expanded as expected: market competition has increased: P-band shares over the last three years
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.