The company announcement of April 22, 2021, returns high growth in the q1 battalion. 20q1 achieved operating income of $5.1 billion, an increase of 46 per cent, and net return to the mother of $350 million, an increase of 9 per cent.
The return to high growth in the q1 battalion and the return to normal Māori level was 8.5 per cent \triangleright cagr:2 small and medium-sized AN vendors were more difficult to deliver owing to Hith supply constraints, and companies took up market shares.
2) Profit: A net return of 350 million yuan was achieved, a 9 per cent increase in the same year, and the increase was lower than operating income, mainly due to: 1 recognition of the loss of $98 million on the joint venture ' s petty technology investment, resulting in a reduction in the current investment return by $59 million compared to the previous period; 2 loss of impairment of assets (taking into account supply chain security, inventory increased from 4.9 billion in 20q1 to 6.1 billion in 21q1);
Imaging products with high profit levels, ring viewing +1.8 pct, normal company level; sales/management/R & D/financial fees tob plate growth strong and continued deep-deep-driven growth \triangleright
-4 per cent (24 per cent/-30 per cent), the Tob plate has shown strong growth, with breakthroughs in the steel, manufacturing, agriculture, health, and material storage subsectors, and an increase of more than 60 per cent in the intelligent manufacturing business. We believe this is related to increased corporate input + deep-farming industry, including 1 more software, ai, 2 tob end, medium-level industry by segment.
The company will continue to invest in the future, build up a sample of large enterprises, anticipate greater opportunities in the digitalization of companies, smart cities, and new infrastructure, with a wave of tobs on the rise, and are expected to continue to optimize technology, organizational structures, and maintain visual aiot leadership.
In the past, \triangleright has maintained a leading industry in terms of both its technological and organizational structure, and in 2020 the company upgraded its technological architecture, indicating that the company has become more visible in new areas and that it will be more standardized and efficient in the future.
1) With regard to the organizational framework, in 2020, the scope of innovative operations was again clarified, with the addition of smart fire protection, smart storage, auto electronics on the basis of visual robots, drones, video collaboration, oranges. 2) With regard to the technology architecture, the period 2017-2019 was a touchdown, while in 2020 the company began to upgrade its past strategy,
Refining, proposing a “one system, two platforms”, with emphasis on: one unified software platform, i.e., building a business hub, reusing the software; two hardware to achieve full coverage of the “coated edge”; three software and hardware decoupling, which is a further step towards standardized development; four upgrades to the “Golden”ai open platform, resulting in one-stop deliveries, with hundreds of api available to partners; and five new ones.
Large Data Experiment Center, which continues to invest more in research and development of large data.
The program ' s research and development and industrialization project, the Hangzhou Smart Manufacturing Base Phase II project, the Xian Research and Development Centre project, and the new Southwest Research and Development Centre project.
The latest pettm valuation is 43 times higher, and we believe that the company underestimates, giving the first-time coverage a “recommended” rating. The trade friction between the US and China has intensified, with large customers delivering less than expected.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.