q1 with high income growth and the fall of the ai-empowerment company on the evening of 22 April 2021, the first quarter of 2021 achieved operating income of $5,114 million, 9.33 per cent. In addition, the company 21q1 confirmed the losses of $98 million on the investment of the joint venture Steam Technology Ltd.
If this one-time loss effect is repeated, the company realizes a net return profit of 446 million yuan for 21q1 and a high increase in the performance of the liquidity (millions of shares) • q1 and the impact of the epidemic is gradually eliminated
We believe that, on the one hand, the industry is emerging from the epidemic, and the downstream demand recovery adds up to last year’s low base, pushing company prices to a high level of growth compared to the depth of 300.
The new blue sea, where business boundaries are widening, will also help companies to maintain a steady long-term growth in income-sides. The Māori ratio is: the Māori 21q1 combined rate is 40.91%, a decline of 8.32 ptt compared to 20q1.
Looking ahead, the company ' s Māori ratio still has room for upwards, along with the increased penetration of corporate ai products and the continued improvement in the quality of its internal operations. Cost ratio is 17.29% for company sales of 21q1, a decrease of 5.41 pct from the same year.
3.65%, or 0.65pc. We believe that the growth in corporate income is mainly high with the impact of the epidemic eliminated, while the cost input is relatively stable and therefore the cost rate is lower. At the profit end, the net return profit of the company 21q1 is $348 million, a 9.33% increase, if any.
The loss of $98 million in the back-up venture, resulting in a net return profit of $446 million, a 40.25 per cent increase on the same basis, has also led to a high rate of growth. • The growth of 2b operations reflects the transformational effects of the ai and the rapid growth of the innovation business
The rate of revenue reached 42.28%, with 2b operating income exceeding 2g for the first time, reflecting the effect of the corporate-ai transition. We believe that the company is moving from the former security camera market to a broader intelligence.
In 2020, the company's 2b income grew far faster than the company's overall growth.
The speed with which the video conglomerate is re-evaluated further validates the performance of the corporate-ai industry.
With regard to innovation, the company achieved 1.761 billion yuan in revenues from innovation in 2020, an increase of 44.64 per cent over the previous year, and reported a positive return of the Chinese share: 6.65 per cent of total revenue for the year.
Innovative business includes new business such as machine visualization, video collaboration, oranges, smart fire fighting, intellectual storage, intelligence security 3. We see this as a potential growth point for companies.
EXAMPLOYMENT REPORT: A.C.S.I.S.A.: A.S.I.E.L.D.
The company is currently committed to becoming a provider and operator of the Wisdom Solution with video at its core, based mainly on the architecture of “one system, two platforms”, where “one system” is an integrated technology support system for digital transformation, and we believe that the key is to construct a layered system.
The key to this is, in our view, the ability to create a landscape for each industry. In 2020, companies have developed considerably in terms of the platform’s construction and location.
1) Software platform: The company relies on five institutes for continuous construction of viewing smart engines and data intelligence attractions. The company ' s artificial intelligence research and development team has more than a thousand people, with more than 98% of the total. The company has developed the rest, with more than 10,000 data labels and more than 1,300 professional models.
The Department has settled nearly a thousand industry small-scale modules, while opening hundreds of high-level api agreements to provincial development centres and partners, making it possible for industry to achieve a 40% increase in the efficiency of building blocks and agile development of products. In terms of open access to the platform, the company was able to do so in 2020.
The self-researched artificial intelligence open platform, the Great Spirit, has been completely upgraded to open its algorithmic capabilities. Beyond this, the company’s software platform can also make a number of scenes, such as business model opening and scenario solutions open: the company is already in smart public security, smart traffic, smart park, smart talent.
We believe that corporate landscape solutions are no longer limited to camera visual data.
Rather, it combines a variety of sensors, such as visual, temperature, smoke, etc., to achieve multi-dimensional data analysis and enable firms to achieve ai empowerment. By 2020, companies have achieved a rapid growth of b-business, sustained growth in innovation, and a good overall posture.
At this point, we believe that the company’s valuation does not reflect the capacity of the software platform, which is the backbone of the ai video project, and the ability of the site to revalue its future value. The company is expected to achieve business income in 2021/22/23.
1) The spread of internal and external epidemics, restrictions on business activity and demand for orders; 2) the persistence of trade frictions between China and the United States and the impact on the stability and continuity of supply chains; 3) the global supply of chip production capacity, which affects the production of corporate products.
Contact person: Zhao Yang, Master of the University of Xiamen, eight years of work experience, worked in Ni, Keysight, 5 g, Smart Networked Motors. Contact person: Shao Ying, Applied Mathematics University, five years of financial experience, worked in the self-employment and foreign equity research sector. Using information on legal compliance, this report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.