Hengtaisecurities are the world's heart.
The design, R & D, manufacturing, and marketing of printed circuit boards are the main activities of the investment consultant.
The US Port Business Holdings, with 1,534,242,198 shares, has been able to upgrade products in the downstream application of pcb, which accounts for the total equity before the issue, and has led to a rapid growth of the pcb industry.
Over the years, the rapid rise of emerging electronics markets, such as consumer electronics, car-borne smart systems, has contributed to the rapid growth of demand for high- and medium-end pcb products, and the continued landscape of products from downstream leading brand customers has also played an important catalytic role in the development of the pcb industry.
Industrial automation, big data, and the rapid development of artificial intelligence. The “China Smart 2025” scheme also appeared in the government’s working report, highlighting the need for further implementation of “China’s manufacturing 2025” plus
As global industries enter the era, pcb manufacturers will also benefit from the dividends of this round of technological advances, leading to cross-cutting developments across the industry. Building a full-scale pcb product and service platform.
The area of major shareholders before and after issuance can be divided into communication boards, consumer electronic panels, computer panels, motor electronic panels, etc.;
Pcb products in Port-au-Prince product form for R & D design, production processes, technology, production lines and volume
There are also significant differences in requirements, such as production conditions.
It is becoming increasingly clear that large-scale producers with well-developed pcb lines and capable of providing customers with a full range of products and services will have a competitive advantage in the market.
Pre-issuance asset-liability ratio (%)
The logical layout, complementary and mutually reinforcing, continues to exceed the full range of pcb products and services available to clients. 1. It is proposed to raise $2.4 billion to celebrate the softness of sophisticated electronics (Liaoan) Ltd.
The project to expand the production of multi-storey printed circuit boards is proposed to use $1,201 million to raise funds for the limited use of the Enlightenment Advanced Electronics (Qin Island).
The risks associated with macroeconomic fluctuations. If global economic growth slows or even slows down in the future, and residents ' income distribution decreases, it will directly slow or even slow down the pcb downstream sector, which needs to be marketed in the industry.
There will be an inevitable slowdown in growth and even contraction. In 2017, the company became the world’s largest producer of pcb, and its future macroeconomic environment, if it deteriorates, will have a negative impact on business development and growth.
Changes in performance will be accompanied by changes in market patterns in the relevant industries, with rising rates of market access for firms that have access to new technologies and products. If the company’s main customers are disadvantaged in market competition, the public sector’s technological and productive capacity will not be able to meet the demand for new products from its customers or the temporary change, delay or suspension of its customers.
The company’s performance will be adversely affected by the suspension of new product technology routes or the company’s inability to develop new customers in a timely manner.