(i) Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) on the night of 29 November, an announcement was issued in the East Rainbow, a secondary holding subsidiary, Heggs New North Lake
Energy GmbH proposes to invest in the construction of a package of raw materials and new energy materials for iron phosphate and lithium phosphate, with a total investment of $18,684 million for a two-year construction period. (2) On the evening of 29 November, the Eastern Rainbow issued an announcement, with a third-tier holding subsidiary, Jiangsu Xinjin.
PfS intends to invest in the construction of high-end new materials such as polyolefin elastomers (poe), with a total investment of $9,730 million for a two-year construction period.
The company’s prices compared to the depth of 300 per cent, due to significant advantages such as the economics of phosphate, safety, circulation, etc., the continued penetration rate of phosphate lithium batteries in the new energy vehicle sector and the wide space for applications.
(PVeva resins, poe), wind and wind (carbon fibre material acrylene) this time, new energy vehicle-upper lithium electric materials were added to the company ' s product matrix. According to the company ' s announcement, the new energy materials for raw and phosphate iron, phosphate and lithium phosphate include, inter alia, 1.8 million tonnes/year choice devices,
800,000 tonnes/year sulfur acid device, 400,000 tonnes/year wet phosphate device, 280,000 tonnes/year wet phosphorus purification device, 500,000 tonnes/year phosphate iron purification device, 300,000 tonnes/year lithium phosphate device, 100,000 tonnes/year water solubility device, 500,000 tonnes/year special compound fertilizer device, 2 million tonnes/year phosphorus cast no harm
Tons/years without hydrofluoride. From the layout, the company ' s investments ranged from mineral selection to the production of lithium phosphate to the treatment of phosphorus gypsum, with the advantage of a whole industry chain. Poe fills the domestic void and perfects the photovoltage product matrix.
Poe elastomers are currently used mainly in light-quantified areas of automobiles, and their share is expected to increase rapidly with the release of N-type batteries. The main producers of Poe are now overseas enterprises such as Taozi and Mitsui, and the progress of domestic firms is largely at the start-up stage, and their technical difficulties are concentrated.
On September 28, 2022, the company issued an announcement that Poe 800 tonnes/year was successful in achieving full autonomy of the Poe catalyst and full production technology, and that the project was a one-time success in driving, opening up the process and becoming one of the few companies that can access the medium-test process.
Including 200,000 tonnes/year α-vinyl hydrocarbons devices, 300,000 tonnes/year poe devices, 300,000 tonnes/year octanol devices, 300,000 tonnes/year acrylic acids and esters, and 240,000 tonnes/year biphenols.
The company announced in its announcement of 28 September that the Poe master plan would produce 500,000 tons of annual capacity, that the production capacity would be built in stages, and that the full postpartum company would lead the company by using eva and poe as photovoltaic materials. In addition, devices such as butocol, acrylic acid, biphenola, etc. would consume the remaining B.
Nutriene, acrylic raw material, optimizing the structure of refined products.
The company’s follow-up development brings raw material support and sustained cash flows. We believe that private refining companies will have a full advantage in competing in the new materials field, both in terms of the pre-investment advantage of sufficient cash flows, in terms of the efficiency of the output of high R & D inputs, and in terms of the advantages of an integrated platform.
Continued cost advantages, and the scarcity of raw material advantages in the context of tight project approvals, will become more apparent. There is an urgent need to import new alternative, more rapidly downstream, chemical or high-energy materials in the company’s multiple layouts, with high profitability.
(1) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products: (2) safe production risks: (3) environmental protection risks:
(4) The project is not as fast as expected, using legally compliant information and producing the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.