Short-term performance pressure, refining + new materials brings new opportunities The company achieved total operating income of 46.708 billion yuan in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 16.17 per cent compared to the previous quarter, and the realization of the Eastern Rainbow (000301.sz)
The net profit of the mother was 1,577 million yuan, a decrease of 59.99 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the withholding was 1,133 million yuan, a decrease of 16,466 million yuan in the third quarter of 2022, an increase of the same amount.
During the quarter, international crude oil prices collapsed as a result of market concerns about the decline in energy demand as a result of the economic downturn and the consecutive sharp increase in interest rates by the Federal Reserve, and the cost-side support for product prices weakened. 2022q3 Brent crude oil prices averaged $98.16 per barrel, a 34.19 per cent increase over the same period.
At the end of the demand, polyester plates enter the traditional "Holden 10" season in three quarters but perform poorly during the season due to the impact of the epidemic, the downstream knitting machine starts at a heavy load, the chemical layout expands by 2021.07.11.
The Great Refinery is about to come into operation, Srbang is weak, three-quarter coal prices are up, the cost of power generation is increasing, the power consumption at the end of the company's production is rising 2021.08.25.
Cost up; on the one hand, three quarters of high silicon prices have led to no significant change in demand.
2021.10.29 Increase in Bong Injection, mainly due to pre-drilling labour and cost material preparation costs of the company ' s Big Refinery Project.
Two more wings, 2022.05.10 " Big refining is about to start, and the whole process of the big refining project is going to work, and the company's performance will grow in the future.
\triangleright high, polyester profit center rises, with 16 million tonnes/year refined oil, 2.8 million tonnes/year px and 1.1 million tonnes/year ethylene and
Other downstream chemical installations. The company's big refining project, which was launched in May of this year, is now in the middle of a high photovoltaic state, which is in the process phase and is expected to be fully operational by the end of this year.
It also provides a steady supply of raw materials for the company’s polyester fibres, new energy materials, and increases the resilience of the industrial chain to risk, and continues to open up the space for increased performance.
\triangleright 300,000 tonnes, and future companies will also plan 750,000 tonnes of capacity, consisting of 3 sets of 200,000 tonnes of tubes, 100,000 tonnes of Busan and 50,000 tonnes of gauge for the development of other high-performance polymers.
The project began in September 2022 and is expected to continue production in the fourth quarter of 2024. In the future, with the phasing out of the silicon price bottlenecks, the industry’s high profile will continue to boost the demand for photovoltaics.
Sinda Securities Inc. Testing and successful production of qualified products, self-researching of product catalysts and full set of devices, cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
The company broke the international monopoly and became the country's first company to produce technology on its own in the 9th House of Crest Street in the West Side of Beijing, and in the future, the company is planning to build 500,000 tons of Poe production per year.
The company continues to add new energy materials, achieve a two-wire layout of photovoltaics eva and poe, and enhance the ability of high-value-added products to support performance. Performance and the value of the company after silbon petrochemical injections have increased significantly, and we keep the company “buying”
Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; inability to produce as much as expected; \triangleright polyester fibres not profitable as expected; risk of excess refining capacity; “carbon neutrality” policy
B.A. in Economics and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for research on the chain of industries such as crude oil prices, oil field extraction, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment assessment of the petrochemical projects of the China Corporation for Asset Management.
He is a research assistant in the petrochemical industry. Master of Economics, University of Social Sciences, China. Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022. Liu Xiao, a team member. Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.