In the evening of October 28th, the Eastern Rainbow released its three-quarter report for 2022, 2022.
● Shortening prices for major products, three quarters performance pressured companies to earn $16,465 million in the third quarter, an increase of 17.14 per cent over the same period; net profit for parent - the decline is mainly due to the narrowness of prices for the company's main product, fdy/dty/eva/acrylate.
Based on market price estimates, the main product of 2022q3 is fdy/dty/photovolveva/propylene ester slices/eva-ethylene-ethylene/acetic acetylene/acrylonitrile-propylene, with a fall in prices of +3.47 per cent/-q3 photovolveeva, respectively, and the demand for silicon is expected to recover next year.
Three quarters of the market is in a mood, and four quarters of silicon is expected to begin repair. After a lack of demand at the beginning of the season and a lack of confidence in the market, the price fell to a low of $21,600 per ton.
At the end of the quarter, production capacity increased but prices remained constant due to silicon silicon silicon, which was hampered by an outbreak in the northwest and early rains and snows in the north.
Downstream end demand does not show signs of centralized start-up, and the market as a whole has a strong sense of wait and see. When relevant factors are removed, silicon and new silicon production continue to climb, we believe that the demand for the industrial chain will rise back, the demand for the supply and demand side of the particles will fully benefit the demand recovery of the entire industrial chain, with prices expected to rise back.
*Pilgrims have a low profit margin. Three-quarters terminal demand is weak, with insufficient cost support, falling prices, supercharged cost pressure, and the company polyester plate continues to fall in profit.
At the end of the year, when the process of refining integration is about to begin, the company’s profitability is about to enter a new stage, and the company is taking advantage of the layout of the private major refining project, which designed 16 million tons of crude oil processing capacity for one year, the country’s single largest normal pressure-reducing device, with an advantage of scale.
After the launch of the conversion project, the company formed a complete integrated industrial layout of crude oil-px/ethanol-pta-polyester fibres, making up for the company’s short edge in the upstream industrial chain, with significant cost advantages for integration. At that time, the company will increase its significant profit growth poles beyond Srbonne, and refining integration will drive the company.
We believe that the company’s four-quarter demand for photovoltaics and fibre optics is expected to recover, with a marginal improvement in the profile of its main products; and that, at the same time, the refining integration project is expected to make a difference by the end of the year. Over the medium term, with the advantage of smelting integrated material platforms and pre-positioning new materials, the company is one.
A follow-up plan for a total of millions of tonnes of eva, millions of tonnes of acrylic and millions of tonnes of degradable materials was planned. The planned expansion of production would result in a three-fold increase in the total volume of new materials such as eva, acrylic and degradable plastics.
(b) 1 light voltageeva is tight in supply and demand is high for 2022-2024 light voltage in the chain of production of silicon.eva photovoltage is mainly used for photo-film cover.
The membrane is placed between the glass of the PV component and the solar cell or the backboard and the solar cell and is used to encapsulate and protect the solar cell. It is one of the key materials for the PV component. The main packagings on the market today are the translucency film, the white eva film, the poe film, the epe film, and so on.
Process performance has become the mainstream, with the 2021 photovoltaic association data showing a 61% share of the translucent film. Transparency, white gel, and epe co-plastic filtration materials are eva resins, the main advantages of which are good encapsulation, good processing, age-resistant and accessible. But eva resin covers materials.
The disadvantage is that the antipid performance is poor. Although the poe can solve the problem of the counterpid performance, because the poe particles are less capable of processing than the evastate, the poe is still in a state of technology, it is difficult to make large-scale production in the short term, and only the eva can meet the rapidly growing demand in the photovoltaic field. We predict that
In 2021, we had a self-sufficiency rate of less than 50%. In particular, high-end brands, such as photovoltaic-grade eva and high-end thermal molten glue, are expected to become sub-linkages in the photovoltaic industry chain in 2023.
Our self-sufficiency rate is even lower. In 2021, our total photovoltaic-leveleva production amounted to 3,088 million tons, with a total demand of 88.2 million tons, with a large supply and demand gap. In 2021, only three enterprises in the East were able to produce PVs in a steady and sustainable manner.
Fossilization (which is expected to produce photovoltaics in the first quarter of 2023) and Ning Ha Bo Fung (which is expected to be ready for production by the end of 2023). Given that the approval and construction of the Veterinaryeva installation takes two to three years, and that it takes at least one to two years to climb the slope in the year of commissioning, we believe that the new production plan last year will not be able to be fully operational until 2024-2025 as soon as possible.
In 2022-2023, we measured that there was an inadequate supply of photovoltaic-grade evaporation capacity. And because other plate-restricted drying units and technological techniques rarely were able to switch at short notice, the gap could not be filled.
By the end of the quarter, production capacity had increased owing to a low-priced market, a better market mentality, a jump in traders and a positive downstream procurement process, which had led to a small recovery in prices in the second half of the three quarters. By the end of the quarter, production capacity had been hampered by the spread of silicon, a northwest outbreak and an earlier weather in the north.
Prices have remained constant, downstream terminal demand has not seen signs of a centralized start-up, and the market as a whole has a strong sense of wait and see. In the event that the factors are removed and silicon and new production of silicons continue to climb, we believe that the demand for the industrial chain will return, and that the demand for the entire industrial chain will return in full, with prices expected to rise.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Productive capacity, of which 200,000 tonnes of tubes and 100,000 tonnes of Busan are capable of sustainable and stable production of photovoltaics, is the world’s largest photovoltaic-eva producer. According to company follow-up plans, 700,000 tonnes of capacity will be expanded in the future, of which 600,000 tonnes are photovoltaic, resulting in a total of 1 million tonnes of capacity, further enhancing the same scale.
On 27 September 2022, the company issued an announcement stating that the 800-ton/year-poe pilot device in Niang Shisr State had successfully achieved the complete autonomy of the Poe catalyst and the full production technology, and that the project had been a successful one-time vehicle, successfully completed the full process, produced qualified products and operated steadily.
The company is still at the forefront of the production matrix in the field of photovoltaic resins. The process of refining new acetic ethylene is further reducing efficiency gains. ethylene acetate is expected to be in production by the end of the year, addressing the cost uncertainties associated with the company’s long-term outsourcing of ethylene acetate raw materials.
At the same time, 300,000 tonnes/year of production can guarantee the planned capacity of millions of tonnes/year in the future of Srb. 2 Srb. Integration is imminent and is expected to generate a significant increase in profits.
The product of dty is dominated by 300,000 tonnes/year regenerative fibres, with a 90% variation rate. The cosmonautate port has 3.9 million tonnes/year pta capacity, which is a domestic pta-polyester fibre tap.
Project layout opportunities, which designed 16 million tonnes/year of crude oil processing capacity, are currently the largest single-body normal pressure-relief devices in the country, with an advantage of scale. After the launch of this refining integration project, the company formed a complete integrated industrial chain layout of crude oil-px/edol-pta-polyester fibres, making up for the company’s short edge in the upstream industrial chain, with a clear cost advantage of integration.
By that time, the company will have increased its significant profit growth poles beyond Srbonne, with refining integration driving the company to make new profits by building three “millions of tons” and new material carrier sailing. With the advantage of smelting integrated raw materials platforms and pre-positioning new materials, the company has further planned millions of tons of eva, millions of tons of acrylate, and millions of tons of degradable materials.
A follow-up expansion plan that will triple the total volume of new materials such aseva, acrylic, and degradable materials in the future will continue to drive the growth of public profits. We believe that the demand for light voltageeva and fibre optics is expected to recover in four quarters and that the outlook for major products (1) is not as high as expected;
(b) High volatility in the prices of products and raw materials; (c) increased competition in the sector; and (d) macroeconomic downside.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.