Eastern Rainbow (000301.sz) Short-term performance pressure, big refining + new materials for future growth petrochemical refining and trade
Billion. We believe that the main reason for the decline is the poor performance of the company’s traditional business plates in three quarters, and that the company’s core profitable product, eva, in three quarters, is in a weak season, with short-term performance under pressure. Dollars/tons, cable prices are about $21,000-23,700 per ton, and photovoltaic prices are about $28,800 per ton.
Taking into account the optimistic need for additional installed capacity in 2022, the additional demand for photovoltaics in 2022 is expected to exceed 400,000 tons in 2021 and, if measured by 400gw additional loaders, 90249 million won in 2025.
The high-end light-voltaic supply and demand patterns are further exacerbated by the demand for more than 2 million tons of materials, and we believe that the industry is still in a high-winding cycle in two years, with frequent repairs to domestic main installations in the last two months, while the demand for photovoltaic components in four quarters is expected to improve significantly, and we think that the price of eva will be much higher in the medium to long term.
Polyester plates perform weakly, waiting for demand to warm up. Company polyester operations performed poorly during the last three quarters under pressure of weak demand and significantly higher costs. According to the middle-fibre network, this year's long-line inventory is at an all-time high, with dty stocks currently held for 36 days, subject to weak demand.
The price profit level of the lilacs is weak, with the current average unit price in the dty industry at $8850 per tonne, industry yuan/tonne, and industry at an average single ton of $98 per ton. Large refining is in place, with the new materials project increasing overall competitiveness.
The Eastern Rainbow (000301.sz-eva) leads performance upscaling, smelting and new materials Formally operational, the company will form a “integrated” business landscape of the diversified industrial chains of core feedstock platforms plus new energy sources, new materials, etc.
The East Rainbow (000301.sz)-Srb State led a significant increase in performance, major refining, expansion of productive capacity, and, on the one hand, the company plans to continue building 700,000 tons of productive capacity, including 3 sets of 200,000 tons of light.
On the one hand, the company planned to build 500,000 tons of capacity in two phases, and on the other hand, the three-quarterly review of the Eastern Rainbow-000301-2021: the polyester operation was slightly down, and the current 800-ton pilot project was successfully driven in late September.
The East Rainbow-000301-2021 mid-point review: Polyester recovery led to an increase in performance, and the company is building 20,000 tons of ultra-high molecular polyethylene, which is scheduled to be put into a test vehicle by the end of the year. Investment proposals: lower profit forecasts, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The reason for this is that the company’s traditional business plate performed poorly in three quarters, and that the company’s core profitable producteva was in a low season in three quarters, with some pressure on its short-term performance.
The price of photovoltaics is approximately $28,800 per ton. Taking into account the optimistic demand for additional photovoltaics in 2022, the additional demand for photovoltaics in 2022 is expected to exceed 400,000 tons in 2021 and, if measured by 400gw additional loaders, the global demand for photovoltaics in 2025 would be more than 2 million tons.
The tension between the supply of and demand for photovoltaics has increased even further, and we believe that the industry is still in a high-growth cycle in two years, that it is difficult to meet high demand-side growth with new domestic production capacity, that high-end photovoltaics are in a state of oversupply, and that we have seen the price increase in the country since this year has exceeded market expectations, taking into account the fact that this year's main domestic market is home.
In order to add new capacity, only three devices were in production at a total capacity of 750,000 tons worldwide by 2025, while demand in the photovoltaic sector continued to rise significantly, and we are glad that prices in the future will continue to rise in the medium to long term, and that in the last two months there have been frequent inspections of domestic main installations, while the demand for photovoltaic components in the fourth quarter is expected to improve significantly.
The prices of eva products are on the rise. Figure 3: eva price trends ($/tons) The company’s polyester business performed poorly in the first three quarters, under pressure from weak demand and high cost increases.
Wire network data, which is at an all-time high this year, with dty stocks currently holding at 36 days, and with weak demand, the price margins of the dty industry have been weak this year, with an average unit price of $8850 per ton, and an average single ton in industry of $255 per ton.
The average unit price of the industry is 5690 yuan/ton, and the average single ton of the industry is 98 yuan/ton.Figure 4: The price and price differential ($/tons) of the ellipse filament is the result of the author's assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and is based on reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author