\triangleright \triangleright sub-end price zone damage affects the structure of the company ' s product, and there is a marked decline in profitability.
Corporate maintenance costs were strongly invested, with sales of 25q1-3 at 18.8 per cent, compared to 4.6 pcts; management fees, Wang Kai Hai Hu Huiming
The industry’s depth adjustment phase is reduced, with emphasis on public consumption layouts and channels to ease pressure. The company’s market \triangleright is clear in its approach and does not simply seek short-term growth on a scale, but rather takes the initiative of “regression block” for long-term development.
At the end of the product: During the Autumn Club, a new feature was introduced: the release of Ocean River Bins, Golden Dream 9(m9), Super Football, Micropoints: Accelerating the adjustment of the statement, continuing the release of four new scenes, including 2025/08/subs, covering the market segment of the feast, successful persons, sports literature, young people, etc.
Channel end: Faced with the issue of intra-industry volumes leading to a compressed marketer's price margin, the company uses the “Stockback + 25-year Quarterly Review: Phase Down Adjustment, Waiting for Enterprise + Process Assessment Award” profit model, re-engineering the distributioner's profit system. At the same time, it deepens electricity parity, such as Kyoto.
Steady improvement - 2025/04/30 cooperation to expand medium- and low-end product distribution channels, introduction of "100%3 years of Chen" high-light bottled ocean river stock (002304.sz) tri-quarterly reporting point 2024
\triangleright 4. Ocean River shares (002304.sz) in the 2024 semi-annual reports see that companies adjust the pace of their operations, enhance the functioning of their own markets, and collide the system of product prices dominated by sea-dreaming.
Rating: short-term performance pressure, stabilization of shareholder ratings 2024/08/24: smooth pace of operations, red ratio \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.