On October 30, 2025, Ocean River shares published a tri-quarterly report. 2025q1-sunss@cfsc.com.cn
zhangqian@cfsc.com.cn  Industry bottom grinding, continuity of depth adjustment as a result of motion, sales/management rates increased by 10 pct/3pct to
The sales promotion initiative resulted in short-term high sales costs and a contraction in scale as a result of a fall in cumulative revenue; net interest rates were reduced by 25 pc to 11.32 per cent and sales returns were strategically adjusted to focus on inventory, boost power, and price stability, leading to performance.
A series of initiatives to boost sales and the continuous degeneration of pipeline stocks, the company's marketing of the seventh generation of sea blue and high-light bottled wine to strengthen the public price belt, and the policy-oriented opening of the bottle, the dominant product of dream 6+, the blue of the sea, etc.
Controlling price, raising terminal opening rates through high-frequency red packs, special policies, supporting cardboard consumption scenes, helping markets go to stock, promoting sales, three-quarters combined, achieving an equivalent 29 per cent increase in liabilities, two-digit decomposition of overall market stock, canals, etc.
1 Ocean River Shares (002.04): Adjustments further eased pressure and sales confidence recovered.
The company continues to deepen its inventory, boost power, stabilize board strategy, focus on the terminal bottle, hit the terminal combination box, channel inventory deconstructed noticeably, and has confidence in marketing 3, Ocean River Shares (002304);
Subtract macroeconomic risks, increased risks due to competition in regional markets, food safety winds, risks, less than expected distribution of new products, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, eight years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
It reflects my research. I've never been, never been, nor will I be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.