Ocean River shares (002.04) \triangleright mother net profit of $306 million, i.e. + 3.67 per cent of the year, with a yearly revenue of $30 billion.
Refund pressure, but the reservoirs are still abundant. Blue classics have changed, and the growth engine has been re-engineered.
The profit structure of the channel, which was published on the market during the spring sugar period in 2023, is a classic 100-dollar monolithic, Ocean Rivers, and we think the company is in the middle of a multi-priced layout to re-engineer the growth engine. The 2022 and 23q1 tax on out-of-provincial markets has accelerated the breakthrough, opening up space for the rest of the 30 billion years.
Between \triangleright and 5261 and between 27 and 277 in the province, for a total of 8,238, we believe that the next 30 billion years will have to look more at the growth space outside the province, through m6+ in the province and beyond the sea.
The blue one is tall and low, and with brand power and structure, the company is expected to take a step further.
On the one hand, the advantage of m6+ in the province is gradually being highlighted, and on the other hand, we must not lose sight of the Tarki River shares (002304.sz) of the blue sea: the effect of the reform is that, thanks to the recovery of the feasts of the post-epidemic era, the blue sea still has room for growth.
Maintain the “buy-in” rating of the company. \triangleright Sindam Securities Inc.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Li Qingfeng, Master of Arts, Graduated from the Central University of Finance and Finance, two years of experience in food and beverage research, two years of experience in bond research. Coverage of pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, multi-task cooks, high-end foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeasts, familiar with seafood, milleniums, mackerel-fried foods, Qinghai International).
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, followed by two years of study and operation at the breast-breeding giant Saputo, one year of experience in food and beverage research.
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic, two years in law, economics, two years in the financial sector, then entered the White Wine industry, 13 years in first-line sales in the Cedars, Dukang, and Shedd, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive view of the trends in the White Liquor industry.
Dom, a bachelor's degree in engineering at the Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in the fast-density industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has a unique insight into high-end white wine. He's good at driving the future market for alcohol based on available data and market moves.
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer (deeply studying Chinese beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer), water, and beverages. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.