On May 31, 2023, Ocean River shares convened the 2022 Shareholder Conference.
Sonss@cfsc.com.cn continues to focus on the product layout.
A top-level design, based on the evolution of innovative entrepreneurship, based on high-quality, high-impact long-term development, with four beams moving towards high-value, towards internationalization, towards intellectualisation, towards ecology, eight-pillar, or "eight-thousand-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty."
Eight breakthroughs. End of product: 1) stick to double-name wine, multi-brand, multi-grade layout, and continue to focus on the dream 6+ and the blue of the sea two cores. 2) High-end wine: focus on high-end value system construction and high-end quality construction, focus on high-lying market patterns.
(c) Low alcohol: pushing out the 33.8-degree micromolecular series and the fruit and wine product. (d) Soy sauce: the fragrance is differentiated, and a more refined product matrix is now in place.
(a) The fine-tuning of costs and the deepening of nationalization;
Meanwhile, there is a strong commitment to supporting dealers in their efforts to strengthen their capacity-building. Regional expansion: the current Nexus region is still small, and companies will continue to fill the gap in the market and expand municipal and intra-provincial presence.
It is expected that the surplus areas beyond the province will continue to be released faster. 1, Ocean River Shares (002.04): Product Stock 3, Ocean River Shares (002.04): Wine Return
And when it's right, we're putting on the ocean river music. 2023-04-11.
The Food Beverage Group introduced Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, and the development of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.