\triangleright 26/04/2023
Sea, sky, dream, rejuvenation strategy. On the product side, \triangleright, 22 years and +4.97%, sea, sky, dream series, continuous upgrading of quality, specifications and image.
The product cycle is better. The company adheres to the strategy of “high-end leading brands, major-power growth brands, popular stone brands” and fosters the market channels of the showrooms, either on a national scale or at an accelerated pace, to promote the "Dream of the Sea" to "Dreams."
In April 23, the company proposed a rejuvenation strategy, issuing a classic version of the ocean river song s010521000202 product, a new upgrade of the glory series, an old wine-rich product matrix, and a new growth pole ahead of schedule.
The channel sank to activate the organization and the dividends of the reform continue to be released. For 22 years, the company’s share in the ocean river (002304.sz) is reported in the third quarter of 2022.
Assessment: The organizational change dividend was released and the recovery was steadily built - the digital marketing system continued to improve and, as of the end of 22 years, the number of intra/provincial/extra-provincial distributors was equal to 2. Ocean River shares (002304.sz) reported in mid-2022:
Business, Multi-Commodity, Channel Model, which focuses on the reform of the Ministry of Enterprise, the continued collapse of marketing institutions, the deepening of the reform of the Ministry of Enterprise, the “large and powerful” new week of product succession, the delegation of decision-making authority to the Ministry of Enterprise, the activation of the organization, the construction of new types of business relations, the firm consolidation of distributors and companies.
3. Ocean River Shares (002304.sz) In-depth report: Product Production
\triangleright 2-year Quarterly rating: high performance growth, reform dividendization, 13.88 per cent cost of sales - 0.10 pcts; 6.43 per cent cost of management, ratio -
5. In-depth report on the Ocean River stock (00204): Investment proposals: companies actively promote digital marketing, priceboard system management efficiency, extra-provincial product rotation and upgrading kinetic energy continue to be built, and companies are expected to make a breakthrough at the sub-high end of the dream 6+.
\triangleright has become more competitive and the dream blue has become less national than expected. \The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. \The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.