Ocean River shares (002.04) Food beverages. Product upgrades are accelerating and business quality continues to improve to the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
In 2022, the product structure was further optimized, the medium- and high-quality wine (the price of which is £100/500ml) and the general wine (the price of which is <100/500ml) were collected in thousands of yuan/tons and the product structure was optimized.
Homes, with an increase of 1,895, a net increase of 96 to 8,238, companies continue to optimize the distributioner structure and move the distributors more deeply into the national configuration. The increase in cost has been slightly reduced, and the rate of optimization of net interest rates has increased.
Efficiency has been increasing, with sales rates falling by 0.1 percentage points to 13.9 per cent on a scale-to-scale basis, administrative costs by 0.8 percentage points to 6.4 per cent on a year-to-year basis, combined costs by 1.6 percentage points to 19.0 per cent on a year-to-year basis.
The company has continued to upgrade its product structure around the idea of “stimulation, structural optimization, large scale” and has been growing in business: 1, 2022, the Blue Craft of Dreams, upgrading of the sea blue, eco-saves, empires, etc., and new product development and products.
The new upgrades are remarkable. 2 - Collapse 218 skus, consolidate the M6+ strategic thrust, strengthen the blue consumer of the Crystal Dream, develop the blue scale of the ocean, and focus more on the product strategy. 3 - Focus on optimized distribution structure and continuous increase in channel dynamism; regional market layouts are driven by local policy, and provincial markets are struggling.
With competitiveness, well-established markets outside the province deepening steadily, nurturing market-focused resources breaking through, and solid infrastructure within the province and expanding out-of-the-way growth space. The grade dividend, looking at companies’ ability to grow over the long term, maintains a “buy-in” rating.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.