Continuous upgrading of product structure, deep push for nationalization — a study on the dynamics of Ocean River shares (002304.sz)  Continuous upgrading of product structure and a gradual recovery of business scenes
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn End of Product: 1) Crystal Dreams continue to strengthen consumer culture, increasing their share of the intra-provincial reception market and off-provincial business receptions.
Dream 9 has a 1,000-bit niche, a full-scale catch, a concentration of corporate capital, a focus on operations; 2) a manual class has a high-end position around the core consumer, nurturing and creating a scarce, super-high-end image of the product.
The distribution rate is over 70%, with dream blue sales accounting for more than 30%, and the driving product structure rising upwards. In terms of marketing, five sales are on track and consumption scenes are recovering, with a strong market performance at the banquet and business reception expected to recover gradually.
:: Channels: based on integrated construction, implementation of the “1320” strategy, i.e., construction projects, accompanied by activation of marketing performance, digital management of enabling capabilities, cleaning of marketing rings
Regional expansion: 1) Ongoing enhancement of market-building, promotion of the upgrading of leading product ladders, high-end brands, high-end products, and high-end consumer products. 2) Out-of-provincial: high-scale market-focused product structure
Strategies such as upgrading the market, creating a national model market for dream blues, building a core effective network, literacy in dream blues, etc., fostering market optimization, restructuring products, focusing on regional development and nurturing, and developing weak markets through innovative mechanisms, etc.
Deepness is nationalized. 1, Ocean River Shares (002.04): One quarter, when the season is right, the ocean river is launched (classic)
The macroeconomic downside risk, the blue classic season, and the recovery of the consumer scene) 2023-04-11 is not as high as expected, and the double-trenched brand is not growing as expected.
The Food Beverage Group presented Sun Shan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.