On April 25, 2023, Ocean River shares published the annual report 2022 and the first of 2023.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Retrieved in 2022, opened in one quarter, collected $30.1 billion (19 per cent more) in 2022 and returned $9.4 billion in net profit to the mother.
At the same time, the net return to the mother was $5,766 million (16 per cent increase), and at the right time in the quarter, when the ocean river music (classic wine revival) was launched, nationalization had a remarkable effect.
"2023-04-11 Sub-products, 29.5 billion yuan (the same increase of 22 per cent) in 2022, with positive sales feedback and a faster recovery of consumption scenes."
The middle and high-quality liquor/general wine camps received $26227/32.73 million, respectively, in the same order, while the m6+ leads high-line sub-high-end release, starting the famous wine recovery strategy, waiting to be attacked by the Ocean River Trek (classic version) on the 100-bit belt.
Home. As the two-name wine, multi-brands, multi-producer moves deeper, the two-time start-up industry is determined to deepen, with the same 15% increase in corporate revenue in 2023 reaching the macroeconomic downside risk, the blue classics are not as good as expected, and the consumption scene is back on track.
The Food and Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.