Why do we keep watching the river?
The annual and quarterly highlights: 1) The price of white wine returns to double-digit growth and the structural upgrading trend remains unchanged. 22 years of white wine + 6.2%, the price + 13%, is the fastest since 19 years of reform. q1 spring returns, with sea blues and crystals performing well, and dreams 6+ are constrained by the situation.
Market value (RMB): $147.86 2) Re-entering the market and passing judgement is nearing completion. The number of company 22h1 distributors has fallen by 23% compared to 19 years, and we believe that companies insist on a predominantly multi-traded name.
Re-screening of distributors, with 22h2 distributors growing by a medium number.
2. " Over-expected performance, forward collection performance - three-quarter reporting points for Ocean River shares " , improved pay levels, 22 years of flatening organizational structure (from more than 30 regions to 61 ratings), 2022.10.28
In early 23, an award of $12.8 million was awarded to the marketing team.
The next 150 million cash prizes were awarded. In addition, more fees were paid to consumers (scan red bags plus end-marketing), with higher costs. Compared to 19 years, the management rate fell by 1.6 pct over 22 years, and after General Zhang stepped up anti-corruption investigations, reducing the problem of high-level profit transfer, 22 years.
5) Trust is fully due, with sufficient impairment security mats (in the amount of $165 million), marginal change: 1) the size of the Nanjing River is over 2 billion, and the 22-year ranking is below. But q4 is in place, and the chairman is personally attached to Nanjing, actively assigning strong operatives.
Commissioner, combing the distributors against the executive business resources. In Nanjing, the river is filling up the short board, resolving the stock market issue, and the spring tickets are slightly over-targeted.) After Chief Zhang is on the stage, he actively pushes the counter.
In 23 years, high-level marketing tests have increased, and in the future more intensive measures may be taken. Nanjing's source feedback, fire at five parties, and the ocean river as a whole has increased by 20% + (low company fundamentals (RMB)
Old-school alcohol has grown in size and looks forward to a change in the number of jobs. At the profit end, net profit forecasts, valuations and ratings, competition in regional markets has increased; the dream 6+ nationalization has fallen short of expectations; and macroeconomic downside risks.
The price of white wine returns to double-digit growth, and the structural upgrading trend remains unchanged, with 22 years of white wine + 6.2%, price + 13%, the fastest since the 19-year reform.
In the spring of q1, the blue and crystal dream of the sea performed well, and the 6+ dream was constrained by business and the cavalry. The new edition of the Sea 22q2 has been followed by better growth in all quarters, a return to double-digit profits, consumer approval, and a consolidation of Tucky: the crystal dream of 2004 has returned to normal growth in 22 years.
The company's 22h1 distributors, whose numbers fell by 23% in 19 years compared to 19 (14% in the provinces and 28% in the provinces), have, in our view, insisted on a predominantly multi-contribution, re-screening and collating the distributors. The 22h2 distributors have returned to positive growth (medium).
In comparison with 19 years, the 22-year sales rate has been increased cumulatively by 2,2pt, mainly in terms of salary increases for employees, and the company’s per capita remuneration for 22 years.
Equity incentives, general salary increases, etc., have been effective in improving staff entitlements, restructuring the organization over 22 years (from more than 30 regions to 61 ministries of industry), and awarding marketing teams a special award of 12.8 million dollars at the annual meeting early in the 23rd year. Compared with 19 years, 22 years of advertising promotion rates have been raised by 1.24 pct, and the profits have recovered after the product was changed (the dream 6+ is still competitive).
In addition, by digitizing, more costs can be directed to consumers (scanning red bags + end-c marketing) and more cost efficiency, compared to 19 years, when the 22-year management rate fell by 1.6 pct: other costs in sales costs were also earned.
After General Zhang took office, he stepped up his anti-corruption efforts, reduced the issue of corporate executives' conduct (many senior executives have been investigated), moved his staff to reduce the likelihood of corruption, and has been largely adjusted for 22 years, waiting for the follow-on team to stabilize and release the red.
Advance receipts have increased over 21 years, while discounts for q1 have been discounted or reduced. Discounts paid but not settled to distributors have been reduced.
The trust is fully matured and there are sufficient impairment security advances. By 2301, the company's property had fully expired, three cases had to be deferred, a reduction of $165 million had been recorded, sufficient security was available and there was a possibility of subsequent recovery (supported by real estate assets) and the impact of the trust's assets was eliminated.
Other trust financial impairments (billions at the end of the period combined with impairments 1) 2 billion dollars in sales on the Nanjing River, depending on historical reasons, are below the 22-year mark. However, q4 is newly responsible.
The chairman has changed in place, and the director is personally attached to Nanjing, actively assigning executives, buying resources from the successor business group, and collating distributors. Nanjing was a competitive model market, with the river filling up short plates, resolving inventory price issues, spring opening 2) Dream 6+ integrated into high-end branches as a core strategic product, enhanced kpi testing, and 23 years of personnel, people, people, people, people, people, people, people, people from the south-west of the province,
Resources are in place, and it is hoped that the development imbalance will be addressed more quickly: the provincial excursions will strengthen their direct interface with consumers, group purchasing units, and increase brand operations. We believe that the dream 6+, as a high-line sub-high-end single item, has a strong leadership position and is expected to benefit from a recovery in business and other settings.
3) The crystal dream is now in its normal development stage, and the Spring Festival of 23 years is doing well; the blue sky is going to focus on extravagant upgrading: the blue channel of the new sea is pushing, recognition is increasing, spring festivals are doing well, and 23 years will continue to strengthen the market through digitalization: Dream 9, manual classes are solving problems and moving the upgrade forward.
4. After taking office, Zhang has actively promoted anti-corruption self-censorship, raising his salary in 21 years and introducing a staff-holding scheme; over 30 years in over 22 regions into more than 60 ministries, with the appointment of young cadres and the decentralization of costs; 23 years of annual conferences, with a special award of $12.8 million to the sales team and a higher level of marketing evaluation by senior managers. In the future, more incentives may be needed to upgrade the internal level.
In 23 years, the company has proposed a strategy of 10 billion people on the ocean, focusing on two main monoliths: the classic edition of the ocean river curls (100-dollar bottles of wine, spring sugar hair) and the great ocean rivers (50-80-dollar high light bottles, released on 20 April). Regionally, 13730 jobs are to be built throughout the country.
This is based on a local market, three market segments, seven market centres in priority provinces, and 30 model cities throughout the country. The channels are: the National Union for the Integration of Clients at the Three Levels, which continues to promote equity recruitment.
Nanjing's sources report that at the end of the event, the river grew by 20% + (with a low base of 40% + crystal dream and more than 20% dream 6+) and stock rings improved to within two months. We believe that with the follow-up banquets, the demand for business dinners, and the space for the future,
The growth in numbers, the increase in the size of the ditches, and old-fashioned alcohol, is expected to increase further, and looks forward to the medium- and long-term dream of an upgrade of manual classes. At the profit end, considering structural upgrading, and companies continuing to optimize their cost-effectiveness, the economies of scale will be visible, and the future is expected to improve, with increased competition in regional markets: the dream of 6+ nationalization is not as good as expected; and macroeconomic downside risks.
An analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market within one month and two months of the week.