In time for the rejuvenation of the wine, the ocean river song (classic version) — an event evaluation report by the Ocean River Shares (002304.sz) — was launched.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Forum and launch of the new item will be held in Chengdu.
The company has launched the Ocean River Trek (classic version) to locate the nation's single 100-dollar pole, and to create a classic image of the value of famous wine. On the surface, preserve the classic bottle size and grace; and on the taste, the flavour is softer, sweeter, more comfortable after drinking, more flavour.
Soft fragrances are prominent; new bottle-opening games are added to enhance consumer experience. Launching the Famous Wine Renewal Strategy, identifying the five main development paths. Current company launching the Famous Wine Renewal Strategy, proposing the five main development paths: 1) Production
(ii) Market revival: implementation of the “13730 Deep Nationalization Project”, i.e. one land-based market, three major players
(c) Marketing recovery: standards-building through scale-up, standardized channels, innovation-based cultivation
(iv) Business revival: implementation of the New Dealers Integration Alliance, targeting, management, operation, cost, etc., from large-scale dealers, potential developers, development agents, etc.
5) Business renewal: a new two-wheel drive business model, from 1 to 002304: Spring swings, strategic monolithic operations to speed up nationalization; and, on the other hand, linkages
Positive feedback on sales and accelerated recovery of consumption scenes: convergence, consolidation of major business resources, contribution to the emergence of new growth points.2 Ocean River Shares (002304); slight performance
The macroeconomic downside risks, the blue classic season, the recovery of the consumer scene, the growth of the bicrow brand, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.