300418. Cash acquisition of 8.47% of the equity of the Oela and expected landing of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: The company has issued a public announcement that the subsidiary Hong Kong Wanwei intends to acquire 8.47% of the equity in the Opra by paying cash, which will be included in the company's consolidated statements.
Upon completion of the transaction, the purchase of 8.47 per cent of the equity interest in the Opra at a price of $8.22/ads (approximately $5.35/ads) was made at a total exchange value of $8.145 million (approximately RMB 540 million). Upon completion of the transaction, the Oela will be incorporated into the consolidated statements as a company-owned subsidiary.
Opra, one of the world’s leading browser companies, has focused on mobile ends in recent years, and has been successful in retailing, online marketing, etc. As of the end of June 2020, the Opra had 360 million mau (a broad user base in Africa, South-East Asia, South Asia, Europe, etc.), and it is hoped that this trading company will be able to do so.
The game is steadily moving forward, and the company’s cash cow business is growing. Leisure and recreation: the creation of a social platform for recreation and recreation and the creation of an eco-economy for entertainment products.
The domestic market, which maintains a leading position in the cities of Kawasaka and other regions, has strengthened its mid-stage construction of commercial services, based on the development of large data analysis and data extraction platforms, commercialization systems for advertising, etc., to provide personalized services to increase the rate of conversion of paying users.
Gameark: Game products are on the cash run, multi-play reserves are ready. Corporate self-research games, bleach border-deepness: Death has achieved better market performance overseas: Rocky has performed well in Taiwan and South-East Asia, for example. In 2020, the company had a rich product program, and it's...
The Sino-Kinji Legend came on line at the end of March, and the Tower of the Expedition and the Holy Land 2 will continue.
In June 2020, the company transferred shares of grindrinc. at a price of about $4.43 billion, which is expected to generate $3.4 billion in investment returns.
Corporate performance: The company is a multi-business, multi-platform and synergized Internet company that has been growing faster in recent years. The company’s total assets at the end of 2019 were $10.257 billion, with operating income and net profit from parent deductions, respectively.
In May, in order to boost the continued growth of existing operations, the company transferred all shares to the stock exchange, with a final exchange value of approximately RMB 4.4 billion, with an investment return of 2.95 billion recognized in the current period.
The company’s main business structure: the company’s main games research, leisure platforms and social software operations, mainly from the value-added income from games, membership fees, advertising, etc. The company’s social network share increased slightly compared to 2018, and the share of the game’s income decreased accordingly. The gross profit from social networks’ income was 57% of the company’s gross profit and the game income.
Gross profits are 29%, Māori contributions to the company are lower, Internet advertising revenue is 14%, social networks are better organized according to the 2opera list, and Hong Kong's subsidiary, Wanwei, plans to pay in cash at a cost of $8.22/ads (approximately $55.35/ads)
Upon the conclusion of the transaction, Huanwei will hold an equity interest of 53.88%, and the Oetra will become a holding subsidiary of the fully-owned subsidiary of the listed company, one of the world's leading integrated artificial intelligence-driven media platform.
Suppliers, listed in July 2018 at Nasdaq, stock code opra.o. As of the end of June 2020, over US$ 12.12 million in net operating cash flows (data based on Ostra simulations). The target companies have a broad user base in Africa, South-East Asia, South Asia, Europe, etc., and are expected to fully enjoy each other through this transaction.
Foreign markets are expanded to increase the globalization of listed companies. The principal firms are located abroad, with a broad user base in South-East Asia, South Asia, Africa, Europe, etc., and with a high international profile. As a result of economic development, regions such as East Asia, South Asia, Africa, etc., have relatively low levels of Internet development, but these regions have large potential users and penetration rates.
By doing so, companies are expected to further expand their overseas markets and increase their level of globalisation. By fully applying successful domestic experiences, they are taking advantage of global Internet development opportunities.
In the process, China became one of the most rapidly growing Internet companies in the world. It was born with a large number of excellent Internet companies, hatching a large number of successful business models, building up mature data analysis, product development, and user insight.
(b) No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, nor for having done so as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.