A sedan's performance reverse is determined, and the expectations of state enterprise reform are strong.
Two-star product cx-4 and the new Atz hot market, driving the first gas in the quarter to double the volume of the motors, and running a big shot after the market at Bent x 40, with 300,000 sales a year, is a rough one. The state-owned reforms accelerated in 2017, with the only non-consolidated group.
The listed state-owned large automobile industry group, which is expected to be on the market as a whole and with the possibility of merging with the East Wind, successfully completing the replacement of old and new products in 2016, selling them all as new products in 2017, with a remarkable increase in their strength.
The fee-payer's favorites continue to be sold, according to a car driver's network data, on the first day of the first quarter of 2017, when the order went up in excess of 10,000 vehicles, adding another model to the company's car. After the company's red flag assets were removed, it was light and it would focus on its running, Madeda's business, and the company is expected to be able to do the whole thing.
Since 2017, the pace of the state-owned reform process has accelerated, and the opportunities of the car block will be combined with those of the major shareholders. The income, net profits, and net assets of a single group are not so different from those of the upper group, yes.
The only large, unincorporated, state-owned automobile industry group that we expect to market as a whole is about $300 billion. The group is more in line with the two auto companies of the East Wind and the target customers, and signed in February 2017 to create a "foreseeing commonality."
The Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement of the Technology Innovation Centre, which takes full advantage of its own resource advantages, and the recent high-level rotation, which combines or will become a reality. 1) The reform of state enterprises has not progressed as expected; 2) sales have fallen short of expectations; 3) the automobile industry has a strong climate
Speeding up the process of reform of state enterprises, focusing on securitization of assets and joint ventures
Car: Cars full, Peng Yong*