100-year-old drugs, 100-year brands, big health leaders, investment ratings: (first) 100-year-old drugs, 100-year brands, value of brands.
Yunnan has a centuries-old history as the highest level of confidentiality in the country. The company is not limited to the traditional use of white drugs, but is constantly moving forward to extend the area of great health, expanding and developing large health products of over $5 billion in sales, in many brands.
The top of the list is the well-deserved leader in China’s big health sector. At the bottom of the scale, corporate income and net return earnings have grown steadily and in good quality over the past decade.
1) Department of Medicines: This includes traditional Yunnan white medicine, skin paste and other generic drugs, with white paste and aerosols for bone injury majors, with the highest marks for three years in a row, with the generic plate having a well-developed product system. In 2019, the Department of Pharmacy earned revenue.
2) Ministry of Health Products: Long-term high-quality growth is a central driver of corporate growth. The toothpaste market continues to hold the highest position in 2020, with a domestic market share of 22.20% of Yunnan white toothpaste in 2020, with strong branding influence. It is not limited to toothpaste, but rather to Yunnan white medicine.
Toothpaste is an example of success, reaching out to cleaning, sanitary, and make-up products, opening the way to a healthy and whole-of-the-art industry. 3) Chinese medicine resources: due to a decline in prices of 37%, income growth stagnated in 2019.
The Division has been leading the industry-wide chain system, creating a high standard, high quality 37, and further strengthening the position of the Leopard 7 brand in the mid-37 high-end market. The new retail model, led by the White Pharmacy Life Plus Experience Shop, has been promoted in an orderly fashion.
By 2020, 18 businesses had opened, and the size of the businesses had steadily increased. 4) Provincial pharmaceutical companies: $21.5 billion in 2020 was collected by Yunnan Medicines, which is the leading company in Yunnan Province, and the city is growing.
Medicines, white drugs as a strategic investor, for a total of 1,12.29 billion yuan, with a share of 18.02% of Shanghai medicine, are expected to combine strongly.
In 2019, a four-year process was completed. Private capital was introduced and negotiated in an unmanageable manner; the management team was administratively brought back into marketed logic; and the money for drugs was strengthened, and the company became a part of the pharmaceutical industry's acquisition and consolidation of resources.
The new structure of the industry: by combining ownership reforms and by absorbing the institutional dynamism and financial resource advantages of the integrated listing of companies, the company has adopted a market-based approach to its operations.
The funds also operate with a high number of movements, showing strategic direction in the management of their own health in such fields as industrial cannabis, antibodies, investment, and medicine. Introduction of new management talent: in March 2021, Hwa was appointed former Vice-President, Dong Ming, and Yunnan Pharmacy Group.
Chief Executive Officer (ceo), S.A., was appointed as the lead scientist in January 2022 to the Faculty of Medicine of John Hopkins University of the United States, Doctor of Biochemistry, Cell and Molecular Biology, and Professor Zhang Ning of Beijing University. Building a full-fledged science and technology + R & D profile to lay the foundation for future development.
The price of the product fluctuated as expected, the return on investment fell short of expectations, toothpaste and high-health products performed less than a cloud of southern white powder, long history of insisting on multi-brand development under the big brand.
State secret formulas are permanently protected. Yunnan White Pharmacy Group Ltd., formerly a Yunnan Pharmacy plant, founded in 1971, was listed in 1993 at the deep end as the first listed company in Yunnan Province. The company operates mainly on chemicals, chemical preparations, Chinese medicine, Chinese medicine, and Chinese medicine, and has Yunnan dispersible drugs and Yunnan.
The white capsule, which has two types of drug protection at the national level, is divided into four main lines of operation by product series and services, and has a diversified strategy at an earlier stage, which can be divided into three periods, depending on the history of the company:
1902-1990: Variety discovery and cultivation period. Beginning with 1902, when the Yunnan white potion was created, and after more than 40 years of popular transmission, the new China was officially nationalized in 1955 and during which time it developed the Yunnan white capsules, thugs, etc.
In 1992, Yunnan’s white aerosol was emptied, increasing its reputation; then the company enriched its product production lines with single items like Band-Aids, Yunnan White Toothpaste, etc. Yunnan’s white medicine moved from traditional medicine to modern, high-health products, completing from “therapeutic medicine” to “the control of haemorrhage.”
From 2010 onwards, Yunnan has gone beyond the concept of “stopping the haemorrhage” to implementing the industrial strategy of “New Pharmacy, Great Health” based on Yunnan's white toothpaste, which has been followed by a series of products, such as nutrients for Yuanqing, picks and daily sanitary towels, which have gradually developed from the middle-aged industry into our country.
One of the leading companies in the health industry. Now, Yunnan has turned from a simple pharmaceutical company to a consumer business, becoming the target of a transition from a Chinese pharmaceutical company to a consumer business.
Founding Yunnan Pharmacy Electronics Company in 1999
2011 Picker Series 2000 Introduction of capsule packaging production line Band-Aided Production Line 2014 series of sanitary towels
In 2001, the Shanghai Towpi Technology Corporation was established, and in 2016, it introduced Xinhuadu, and it established a base for the cultivation of martial arts.
207 Introduction of Jiangsu leaps, 2002 Introduction of aerosol production lines 2018 Absorption of combined platinum control shares
Incentive program 2019, Yunnan White Band-Aid, Toothpaste.
2006 Land Blue Anti-Inflammation Plot, Phase III. Growing new products, second watershed.
To foster new products, the first watershed, the first phase, the legacy of history.
Yunnan has won a number of prizes for the value of powerful brands, and has continued to be the industry’s top brands on the Hu Yun brands and Brandz brands. Yunnan’s white drugs have developed a core competitive advantage over exclusive white drugs by constantly digging deep into the content and core values of “white brands.”
During the last decade, corporate income and net return earnings have grown steadily and on a high quality basis. The increase in revenue-side recurrent gains and losses from 2010 is due to the fact that current accounting standards classifies companies’ substantial investment operations, commissioning financial operations, etc., as non-recurrent gains and losses)
In 2020, despite the impact of the new crown epidemic, performance increased steadily. In 2020, operating income was 2,899 million yuan, or +26.63 per cent of the year. In the first quarter of 2021, operating income continued to emerge from the epidemic, and in the first three quarters of 2021, operating income was 28,363 million yuan, or +18.52 per cent of the year, and in the second quarter of 2021, the net return was 2,451 million yuan, or -4238 per cent of the year.
Research in the company announcement records that, in 2022, the company will strictly control the size of its second-tier market investment, with a robust profitability and a gradual decline in the cost rate. From 2010 to date, the company ' s Māori ratio has remained stable at around 30%. The net interest rate has fluctuated as a result of an increase in the share of investment returns in recent years, but it has also fluctuated.
The overall cost rate has continued to decline in recent years, with the 2020 epidemic having significantly affected corporate spending on all costs. The advertising and marketing costs fell significantly during the epidemic, with sales rates falling to 11.59% in 2020.
Figure 5 Māori sales rate, net interest rate on sales (%)
The ministries are independent and mutually supportive, creating a system of market value in the entire industrial chain, from selection, cultivation, research, development, manufacture of health products, and services, and creating an economic ecclesiastical complex of integrated, multi-platform development. At the same time, companies are gradually becoming branded Yunnan White, extending to pharmaceutical brands and personal health care products.
The Ministry of Medicines and Industry: the product covers more than 370 varieties of 16 formulations, including a core product series of mainly cloud-containing southern whites and a generic product series of mainly Chinese medicine (national medicine).
In 2020, the Department of Medicine received $5.06 billion, an increase of 15.1 per cent over the same period.
In 2020, the Ministry of Health and Products managed to collect $5.387 billion, compared with the Ministry of Chinese Drug Resources: through the integration of Mansan, Lijiang, Wu Dynasty, Chinese Pharmacy Division.
In 2020, provincial medicines were collected at $21,464 million, an increase of 12.9 per cent, or 65.6 per cent of the company ' s total income.
Figure 92020: The income ratio of the company's four major departments of industry was a real market-based process that gave a great boost to the dynamism of the white business, and the mix of the Yunnan has gone through two stages.
The first stage is “governance marketization.” In 2016, Yunnan, a company controlled by 100% of the State Treasury of Yunnan Province, started to mix substance with Pharmacy Holdings. At the end of 2016, the Pharmacy Control Unit absorbed Xinhua with the Replenishment Unit, with each of the Yunnan State Finance Committee and Xinhua holding 50% share.
In late 2018, Yunnan drug was absorbed into Yunnan by issuing shares to three of its shareholders, the Yunnan State Finance Committee, Xinhuadu, and Jiangsu fish.
In order to achieve the same amount of shares held by the Yunnan State Finance Commission and Xinhua and its co-actors, the White Drug Control Unit is directed to buy back part of the Xinhua stock holdings held by the industry and is subject to a reduction at the level of the White Drug Control Unit.
According to the latest equity structure, the Yunnan National Investment Commission held 25.04 per cent of shares, Xinhua 24.27 per cent, Yunnan and China 8.14 per cent, and Jiangsu jumped 5.66 per cent.
The source advantage is that companies make the next strategic adjustment and industrial layout of their operations in a market-based way. The funds also operate with a high number of moves, and they work in such hot fields as industrial cannabis, antibodies, investment, medicine and beauty, highlighting the strategic direction of their health management.
On 4 March 2021, Yunnan White Pharmacy Board decided to appoint Dong Ming as Chief Executive Officer (Ceo) of Yunnan Pharmacy Group Inc.
Dong Ming has been working in China for more than 21 years, and has undergone a number of training courses in China’s integrated management, marketing, product solutions, etc. Following his appointment, Dong Ming also expressed his commitment to building three operational platforms for research and development, solutions and user transport, as well as three management platforms for data, knowledge and quality, on a continuous basis.
Mr. Zhang Ning was hired as the company's chief scientist. To further enrich Yunnan's research and development pipeline, a multi-product approach was developed, and Mr. Zhang Ning was hired as the company's chief scientist. Janning was a doctor in biochemistry, cellular and molecular biology at Johns Hopkins University in the United States, Beijing University.
Professor, permanent biomedicine and cell biology research, leading science, technology and innovation professionals in the Ministry of Science and Technology, leading young people in science and technology, leading experts in science and technology, outstanding talent in Tianjin City, outstanding talent in the new century in the Ministry of Education, special professor in Tianjin City, 10 outstanding students in Tianjin City who have returned home, award winner in Tianjin Youth Science and Technology,
U.S. Lee Foundation Awardee for Outstanding Achievement. 2. Health Department: Building a platform for a full range of personal care products. Health Department long-term high-quality growth, becoming a central driver of corporate growth.
The Ministry of Health Products, which is responsible for the sale of toothpaste, has extended the line of products such as the Yuan Ying washing series, the pedicure system, and the Clearing House Care series. Since its establishment, the Yunnan White Health Products Department has been growing steadily since 2012 to 2020, with an income end-of-care capgr of 15%. In 2020, income amounted to $5.387 billion.
2.1. Yunnan white toothpaste races into the high-end segmented market 2.1.1. Toothpaste industry: in the age of professional well-being, there are great prospects for the medium herbs. Toothpaste as a fresh item in daily life, with population growth, rising living standards and consumption perceptions
As a result of this shift, the demand for toothpaste has expanded further, and the market has grown in size. The market for toothpaste has grown from 211 billion yuan in 2014 to 30.8 billion yuan in 2020, reaching 6 per cent of the cagr, and is expected to grow in China in 2021 at 33 billion yuan, and will continue to grow in the future.
In terms of the efficacy of toothpaste, the median herb toothpaste ranked first among the 26% on a year-to-year upward trend. As the population’s health awareness and care awareness continues to increase, the national toothpaste market has moved from a traditional era of clean dental care to a new age of professional health.
The concepts of natural composition, such as plant extracts, mineral materials, animal extracts, biological enzymes, multipolars, etc., respond to modern people’s belief in nature’s consumption and become a hot spot for oral care supplies development. At the same time, the built-in functions of blood control, clean detoxification, etc., are more present in the toothpaste.
Intergenerational demand for toothpaste efficacy, the development of medium herb toothpaste has good market prospects and long-term development potential. According to company statistics, Yunnan's market share in toothpaste continued to be the highest in the country, reaching 22.2 per cent in 2020.
Keep going, first position is stronger; at the same latitude, from the main mall to the grocery store, the channel continues to run with the precision of control. 2.1.2. Yunnan White Toothpaste: positioning high-end markets, product layouts are in line with rising consumption trends.
In 2003, the company introduced Yunnan White Toothpaste, a combination of drugs and fast-disposal products. The national secret formula, Yunnan White, is an excellent drug in all three areas of blood control, anti-inflammation, and, when married to toothpaste, has a very good inhibition to oral ulcers and bleeding. The white toothpaste is completely attached to the identity of the mother.
The brand asset, which is fully embedded in the consumer's heart, is widely recognized by consumers as the Chinese customer satisfaction index (c-csi), 2019, published by the brand rating authority, Chnbrand, ranking and analysis report of Yunnan's high toothpaste on the top of the toothpaste list, which shows the country's old name, Yunnan.
By engaging actively in innovative research and development, upgrading brands and rejuvenation, and continuing deep farming and optimizing user health, toothpaste has led to a marked rise in customer satisfaction, an outbreak of new brand dynamism, and a gradual move closer to international brands. Looking back at Yunnan’s success, the main reason for the success of white drugs is:
1) Yunnan White Toothpaste is well positioned, and the high end market is the trend of toothpaste. In the consumption structure, the average toothpaste price is also on the overall upwards as the market for Chinese oral clean care products is on the higher end in 2017 (average price > 15/100g) and high end toothpaste (9/100g < average price ~ 15/100g).
The ratio of upper-end, ultra-high-end toothpaste is expected to rise further.
In 2016, Yunnan has continued to promote a series of toothpaste products with different positionings and efficacy. In 2018, Yunnan has introduced new products such as child toothpaste, active thugs, and optimizes the packaging and concept of a new series of excellent gold mouths. Yunnan Toothpaste has been introduced to the mouth.
Day-to-day health care, oral health care, cosmopolitans, specimens, both.
Peaches fruit teas Toothpaste for children (6-12 years old) Body cavity protection, balance of oral bacteria, increased oral immunity,
It's good. It's good. It's good mint.
3) The non-traditional compositions, which contain the vibrative components of Yunnan, are more effective. The white toothpaste is embedded in the formula to help mitigate oral symptoms such as haemorrhaging, mucous damage, etc.; they also have a good preventive effect on issues such as tooth disease, tooth disease, tooth floss atrophy, etc.
4. Deep cover of offline channels. Underline markets, Yunnan has covered pharmacies, circulation, ka, etc., through deep distribution strategies. Online markets, the health product sector actively embraces the Internet and, on the basis of its presence in major power-market platforms, has set up Internet marketing centres in Hangzhou.
The Skycat Supermarket, Kyoto-based mainstream power outlets, and the expansion of quality channels such as the Fairs, Soning, etc., have also expanded the coverage of products and services, including through autonomous research and development, and created an integrated whole-of-the-art health-care ecosystem.
Chart 21 shows the line of white toothpaste on-line and below-the-line channels, the flagship shops of the major power-market platforms Skycat, Skycat Supermarkets, Kyundong and Soning Lei, among others.
Pharmacy, circulation, ka, etc. 5) Products are upgraded, toothpaste extensions are boosted at a robust rate. Yunnan White is not limited to the success of toothpaste, but also to targeting the branding of oral care, developing toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwashing for pregnant children.
New products, such as water, are built around oral safety, with a well-developed national oral care ecology that allows the image of the product to take root.
With toothpaste as an example of success, Yunnan has opened up and pushed the path to a large healthy industry. In 2010, a series was launched, a series was launched in 2011, a 40% cut-off stock was acquired in 2014, a health towel was introduced, a growing reach in the area of health and a growing value chain in the industry.
The Department divides the health industry team into three business modules: oral, cleaning, and beauty operations. The company's ongoing focus on nurturing a large range of health products is expected to create a new high-speed growth point for the business portfolio.
Women's consumption patterns are constantly moving in the direction of “I please”, “Importation”, “Image”, “Quality” especially in beauty and health. As Chinese women have increased their level of education, they have become conscious of their self-reliance, and the number of women in higher income groups has increased and the number of women in higher income groups has decreased.
On December 30, 2021, Yunnan Pharmacy announced that its second-tier fully-funded subsidiary transferred 100% of Yunnan's shares to the group without compensation. When the stock transfer was completed, Yunnan Pharmacy was proposed to the cloud.
By December 2022, the Yunjing Division is planning to open eight medical clinics in Beijing and Shanghai to achieve strategic corporate goals.
At this stage, the Quanqin shampoo has introduced a series of products such as head-care, oil-resilient, rice-grabbing, small-raising, and so on. Based on the quality of the product, the group level and the project team are confident about the future of the product. The overall growth of the Quanqing series has been relatively slow, mainly because of the slow pace of growth.
The product has a longer active life cycle, and the consumer's nurturing time through marketing is longer. As the company continues to increase its promotion of a range of products that support Yuanqing, it is confident that it will be able to wash its products for the health sector in the future, based on its own strong product power.
The Xiaobing Series, to soften and control the oil's hair.
Head-care, rice-growing, rice-deeping, pick-up series: high-end positioning, first landing on the Japanese market.
The pick-up is based on high-end skin protection brands, and product production is active. In 2011, Yunnan put the pick-up mask on the market, combining the concept of plant skin protection with foreign scientific research techniques, with a wide range of highly rated natural plant maintenance products, such as 100% of plant pulp and rh2 membrane.
Chart 27 picks the mask, and as a high-end national commodity, it is expected to meet the tide. The 2019 State-based Discovery of State-Advanced Make-Advanced Bulletin, released by the Quest, shows that 42% of consumers prefer to choose the national make-up brand, and 90% say they're going to do it again in the future.
As people become more and more receptive to home-grown cosmetics, a series of high-end state pick-ups may come up with a new round of heat. Yunnan's white-powdered mask continues to be certified by Japan in 2019 as “a small wrinkle caused by desalinating dryness” declaring itself eligible and beautiful.
100% of the country’s usda certification comes from the sky, and is then certified by the EU by ecocertcosmosnatural, which has the corresponding conditions for China’s high-quality brands and products to enter the market in Europe and America. Ecocert is the most authoritative and widely certified organic skin protection certification agency in the world, plus the United States.
The country’s usda certification, which now accounts for more than 98% of the world’s certified organic skin and cosmetics. The growing international influence of the high-end skin protection brands of the Yuzhmorgeazine will help to boost the development of beauty products in China’s city of make-up, and to identify dozens of plant components in white, anti-inflammation, anti-deflation.
In the near future, working together with Japan's pola to build a new platform for skin protection, we will aim to develop more appropriate skin protection methods and products for East Asians, and to launch as soon as possible a solution to the skin health problems of the nation's people, with the authority of the United States of America, which is certified to be 100 per cent pure and natural.
It was tested by the Swiss Sgs & Middle German authority, tested by the Japanese drc body patch test, tested by the boken test.
A Japanese claim to be eligible for EU ecocertcosmosnatural certification for "drinking the wrinkles of dryness".
In 2014, the company acquired 40% of the shares of the Fugitive Hall and moved into the military towels area, continuing to expand the company’s range of products in the health domain. The Yunnan Phenomenon Industries Production Centre is a production base for one-time hygiene products (hygills, sanitary pads).
The company built on the old “day” sanitary towels and launched a number of high-end packages and products, such as a high-end, high-end personal sanitary towel (micro-business), a white Xiao series (electrics) and a small, small series (underline) to make it online.
In the past, the “Days” series of sanitary towels had covered the provincial market in Yunnan province, and its unique care effects had taken 40% of the province’s market share, extending to the regions of Yuen, Kouagawa, Yui, Yu and Huadong.
Foreign ports. With the spread of good slogans in Yunnan, the product market, 3. The pharmaceutical industry: brand-up is sticky, the drug plate is the company's traditional main business and has a better product system, including the Yunnan White system.
The company's constant technological innovation and adaptation to market consumers' habits, from a single agent type to today's capsules, shoals, aerosols, oscillants, etc.
The growth of the drug plate has declined as a result of policies such as medical reform, bidding for medicines, double-counting, and so on. In 2020, the Ministry of Pharmaceutical Industries earned $5.06 billion, an increase of 15.0%.
The Māori rate of the parent company is used to measure Māori rates in the pharmaceutical industry. Following the decline in Māori rates in 2016, the Yunnan drug series in the drug plate focused on blood pains and bruising; the generic drug series included gas, glutinous oral fluids, pavilions, etc., was the company’s focus on breeding samples.
3.1. Precision of Osteoporosis: Osteoporosis is a star product. From its inception, Yunnan's Osteoporosis Precision of Osteoporosis was built around the "Live Blood for Pain and Disinfection."
In addition, a number of innovative varieties, such as antiquants, aerosols, oscillants, oscillators, and Band-Aids, have been developed, all of which have had an off-the-shelf effect and have enriched Yunnan's albino skeletal skeletal track products. The innovations in Yunnan's white medicine plate are mainly centred on outside agents for the following reasons:
1 External use for treatment purposes, mostly absorbed by skin and mucous membrane, has resulted in the entry of the substance into the body being filtered through a barrier, with reduced harmful ingredients and reduced liver and kidney damage.2 From a drug perspective, the medium- and long-term drug use characteristics of chronic osteoporosis make patients less dependent and less dependent.
The specific treatment characteristics of the external drug “where pain is directed” greatly increase patients' dependence.3 In terms of the treatment characteristics of osteoporosis, both rheumatological arthritis and pre-shock injuries are treated with the greatest possible improvement or mitigation of symptoms, external treatment of immediate injuries such as tissue injuries, etc.
The efficacy of medicines is sufficient and obvious, and local treatments are better than internal drugs.4 For example, gypnotizers, which are based on the Chinese-based theory of medical contact, have great advantages in the field of medicamental orthopaedics, and are consistent with patients ' drug use habits.
Yunnan White Ointment: The medium-forming ointment sticker 1 product is a surface-based method developed by the Chinese medicine and is an area of advantage of the medium-agent type. Long-term chronic medications are required, such as arterial artery rheumatism, which reduces incentives for gastrointestinal systems.
Consumers are more willing to choose a safe and effective medium-forming respirator than the tolerance and dependence of chemical painkillers, which are made from the Chinese group (secret) and have live bruising, swelling pain relief, etc.
As the company’s main hit, Yunnan White Paste was published from China’s public health-care facilities in 2019.
In mid-point, sales were in excess of $1 billion, market concentration was higher, the market combined accounted for more than 70% of the market for medium-forming paste and osteoporosis used half of the wall. Yunnan white paste was sold on a scale of over $1 billion in 2019, accounting for 17% of the market share of urban public health service terminals, making it a top1 product.
Yunnan White aerosols: The brand value continues to bloom. Yunnan White aerosols are one of the heavy-pound products of the pharmaceutical industry. In 2002, the company introduced the aerosol production line. In 2012, the value of the product exceeded $1 billion, making it the first drug to produce more than $1 billion.
Aerosols use double-effect treatments, red bottles of cold for pain, white bottles for sustained injury, bruises, rheumatism, muscle pains. Yunnan white aerosols are common to people who love hand-walking, play-players, people who love travelling, full-time families, older people, long-stay people, sports-like people.
In a clinical study on the treatment of acute soft tissue injuries by Yunnan albino aerosols, 110 cases of acute soft tissue lesions were randomly divided into 60 cases by observation teams and 50 cases by control groups, each using Yunnan albino aerosols and another forest emulsion agent.
The results show that the group has a clinical healing rate of 18.3 per cent (11/60), 96.7 per cent (58/60), higher than the control groups of 4.0 per cent (2/50) and 92.0 per cent (46/50), and that there are relatively significant differences in the healing rate (p<0.05).
In addition, aerosols are simple, easy and easy to keep, which helps patients to use drugs in a timely manner and is better suited to their needs.
Band-Aids have the effect of stopping the bleeding, increasing its impact, using small wounds, bruises, etc., helping to prevent bacterial infections and alien intrusions, and accelerating the healing of wounds. Yunnan-Pocket is a derivative developed by the company in the area of injury care, and is a unique drug-containing tool in the market.
The competition bureau of the mini-trauma market, which is itself dominated by Bundy, has been completely broken, and the market share has been redistributed. With its powerful branding influence, Yunnan’s branding of white drugs has gradually increased its market share, currently earning more than $600 million.
The highest product was recognized on the China Band-Aid brand ranking list (c-bpi index) and the highest c-bpi score was recorded for three years in a row in a large number of brands.
The company has a more sophisticated product system, covering many areas such as blood control, cardiovascular treatment, etc., and the product itself has a strong product power. In 2019, the gas and physiology fluids and the blood clot series were achieved.