21.07% increase in January-September 2019, and net return to the mother increased in January-September 2019.
One billion yuan, or 21.07 per cent: 1,109 million yuan in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, or 21.88 per cent in growth. In 2019, q3 quarter, the company achieved income of 1,447 million yuan, or 22.44 per cent; 363 million yuan in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, or 19.87 per cent;
The growth in sales of core product q3 has increased markedly, with single-quarter earnings of the parent company increasing 40.39 per cent: analysis from three-quarterly reporting data, the company ' s performance has remained at a high rate of growth, with revenue and net profits rising at more than 20 per cent.
In January-September, the parent company ' s statements were as high as 40.39% and 33.43%, respectively, and the sale of the q3 product series increased rapidly during the reporting period.
In the third quarter of the year, we saw significant increases in sales and R & D costs in corporate parent statements, which increased by 69.50 per cent and 109.71 per cent, respectively, and greatly exceeded income growth and, as a whole, hampered profit growth. But we think that the investment in sales channels and R & D is in companies.
Long-term growth guarantees help companies to strengthen their core competitiveness. At present, the company’s main product, as well as products such as cosmetics and solarized products, are growing steadily and the Māori rate is relatively stable during the reporting period.
Both Māori and net profit rates for core products are at high levels, and the net profit levels of companies are still rising significantly as core products enter one h1 syrup with a robust growth in performance.
An increase of 20.4 per cent in the same year, in line with expectations, h1 projected performance on a high base, given the status of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, the clear treatment effect and the “volume price” of the national secret species.
We believe that the growth patterns of the company are clear and are expected to become one of China’s banners in the field of Chinese medicine and health care, and that, as a result, there is much room for raising prices and increasing the number of customers in the future.
Maintenance of the corporate “buy-in” rating. 21.07 per cent increase in income and 20.56 per cent increase in net profit return from January-September 2019
The company announced in its three-quarterly report in 2019 that it had achieved gross operating income of 4,342 million yuan, an increase of 21.07 per cent in the same year; the net profit of shareholders in listed companies of 1,109 million yuan, an increase of 20.56 per cent in the same year; the non-recurrent deduction of shareholders in listed companies of 1,447 million yuan in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 22.44 per cent in the same year; and the share of listed companies.
The net profit of shareholders was $363 million, an increase of 19.87 per cent over the same period; the net non-net profit of $358 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies; the growth in sales of core product q3 was markedly accelerated; the income of the parent company increased in the first quarter of the year, as analysed by data from three quarterly reports, and the company maintained its performance at a high rate of growth through sustained promotion of product sales.
In January-September, the parent company's statements were 33.43 per cent of the revenue and 33.43 per cent of the net profit growth rate, and the sales of the q3 product series increased rapidly during the reporting period. In the first three quarters, we saw the parent company's report.
Sales and R & D costs in the table have also increased significantly, by 69.50% and 109.71%, respectively, over and above income growth and overall profit growth. But we believe that investment in sales channels and R & D is a guarantee of long-term growth and helps companies to strengthen their core competitiveness.
The company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate have risen steadily and is now complete, the company ' s main product and products such as cosmetics and solar products are growing steadily, and the Māori rate is relatively stable. The net interest rate for the company during the reporting period was 25.82 per cent, compared to net profit for the same period in 2018.
At a high rate of 0.42 percentage points, we believe that both the Māori and net profit rates of the company’s core product are at a higher level, and that the net profit level of the company is still slightly higher than that of the same period in 2018 as further sales of the core product and effective cost control. In our view, the company continues to pursue last year’s marketing promotion strategy and expands.
The marketing scale increases the cost of sales, but the level of the company’s cost rate will continue to rise, with a double price increase. Given the Chinese medicine industry’s position in the country’s secret species, the clear therapeutic effects, and the trend towards a “volume price” increase, there is much room for raising prices and increasing the number of customers in the future, and we believe that the company’s growth pattern is clear.
It is hoped that it will become one of China’s banners in the field of Chinese medicine and health care, and therefore maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating. The price increases are lower than expected; market promotion is lower than expected; and the supply of medicinal materials and price volatility risks are associated with raw materials.