The core drugs are growing, stable, and the solar products are showing off.
The company's business covers the pharmaceutical industry and the pharmaceutical business, its core event: the company published a three-quarterly report in 2019, and the company 2019q3 achieved operating income of 1,447 million yuan.
In addition to the sale of medicines, the company has 19.87%; the net profit on the non-recurring gain or loss on the part of the shareholders of the listed company is 358 million yuan.
The business has expanded to health products, cosmetics, toothpaste, food items, and the same speed of increase (collecting +19.33 per cent, net return to mothers + 17.42 per cent) and the company is doing well.
2. Nuclear: Twilight Series, with space for sustained growth 1: Regional marketing activities + experience library outreach Bubrea marketing promotion Regional marketing activities: to expand markets outside the east of China, raise brand visibility, increase terminal dynamism, public
In December 2018, the company’s brand-named large pharmacy was opened in Hunan by Changsha, and this year it has also continued to increase its activities in the two lakes. Business costs in the China-China region of 2019h1 (the two lakes plus Henan) have increased by 70.37%, the cost of which is the highest in all regions.
China’s current operating income +50.85% is the fastest growing region. Since then, companies have been working to promote the regional branding of Kyoto, which is expected to have a positive impact on North China’s performance.
(600436): Core drugs are growing steadily, and solarized products are showing remarkable performance: the company's main marketing model includes regional distribution and experience hall sales
High-quality clients, along with increased brand recognition and loyalty, have increased market growth. Currently, there are nearly 200 such sites, covering most of the provincial capitals and major developed cities, of which the Inner Portal in Fujian province is about 30% and the Exterior is about 70%.
Figure 3: A map of the region of the Cyclops Hall, the source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East, 2. Price: Core products are still expected to raise prices.
The price of the core raw material, yellow and yellow, has increased significantly in recent years, rising by 146% per kilogram of natural yellow and yellow from 2016 to the present. Over the long term, the price of raw materials, such as cow yolk, musk, snake chords, is on the rise and will in the future place an upward pressure on the cost of a small piece of cylindrical products.
Figure 4: Change in prices of the plant for the Xanax. 3. Wings: solar and cosmetics, fast-discharged profits. Solar and cosmetics business is an important part of the company's “one nuclear two-wing” development strategy.
In recent years, solarization and high growth in cosmetics have doubled their operating income so far in 2015. As a result of higher rates of gross domestic product and cosmetic products, the sales of such products have increased, and the company’s overall Māori rate has increased and its profitability has increased. As a result of rapid growth in the performance of cosmetics subsidiaries, the company plans to build new warehouses and improve production workshops to meet the demand for industry-wide growth.
As the layout expands, we believe that visualization and cosmetics plate performance continues to grow rapidly. Figure 6: Daily supplies, cosmetic plate income and the same rate of growth in recent years.
East Hing Securities Corporation report (600436): Core drugs are growing steadily, solarized products are showing good performance Profit forecasts and investment ratings: a piece of paper is a national “double-secret” formula that builds a natural wide-ranging “coat river” for the company. We believe that there are long-term price increases for the product.
In addition, the fast-growing solar panels will be a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East and a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the growth of the core drugs is steady, that the solar products are showing a bright eye, that the nine-year experience of medical research in the securities industry has been a core member of the new wealth team for medicine.
Research assistant profiles cover the Chinese medicine sector.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.