Intra-natural growth and development, long-term growth space Events: 1-quarter financial report released on 26 April, company revenue realized from mining energy (600188)
Coal sales have increased steadily over the past quarter, and coal production costs have decreased on a year-on-year basis.
Corporate coal prices are much lower than in the previous year, mainly the higher share of coal in the market and the larger decline in overseas coal prices. We expect coal prices to remain relatively high throughout the year, and companies are expected to remain profitable. Cost: Company One
Coal industry: The volume of chemical products sold has declined slightly, and the cost of chemical products under mitigation measures has improved. Production: 2.164 million tons of corporate coal products in the first quarter of 2024, compared to 1.8 per cent in the same year;
In terms of sales of 1,881,000 tons, or 3.6 per cent, Methanol produced 10.74 million tons, or +54 per cent, or 986,000 tons, or 0.9 per cent; in terms of sales of acetic acid, 246,000 tons, or 6.258 billion yuan, or 1.74 per cent, of which Methanol was sold.
The unit price of methanol sales is 1765 ton, or 7.3 ton, and the sale of acetic acid is $417 million, and the unit price of acetic acid sales is $2623 per ton, or +1.8 per cent, and we believe that the company's profitability is expected to continue to improve in the future as crude oil prices become high.
The cost of ethanol is 1,557 million yuan, the cost of methanol unit sales is 1579 yuan per ton, or 17.4% of the year; the cost of acetic acid sales is 413 million yuan, and the cost of acetic unit sales is 2597 yuan per ton, or 4.2% of the year.
\triangleright Development of 8 niche projects, of which the mining sector accelerated the advancement of 5 projects, namely, the Gulf Four Sunda Securities Co. Ltd.
Project No. Open Space Mine, Coal Mine No. 1 of the Holling River, Coal Mine Liu Santan, Molecular Mine Cao and the Galutu Coal Mine cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.; 3 projects on new materials for high-end chemicals, with 500,000 tons of future energy, respectively
In the long term, the company will actively pursue its commitment to compete with its partners, in line with the Development Strategy Framework of $300 million.
Ton targets, steadily advancing the acquisition of the coal assets of controlling shareholders. Profit predictions and ratings: a new cycle driven by a shortage of capacity is still in the early and mid-term, and we \triangleright
The domestic and foreign coal hub prices are expected to run mid-high over the next three years. As intra-company production becomes more productive, group shareholders’ high-quality assets are injected in an orderly fashion and deep-seated employee equity in the context of state-owned reforms are being promoted, with the prospect of continued progress towards world-class clean energy suppliers.
Long. We forecast the net profits of companies attributable to their parent companies in 2024-2026 as 211, respectively, to develop the transformation strategy and maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: short-term impacts of changes in domestic and foreign energy policies; and macroeconomic failures or failures at home and abroad
The recovery was significantly less than expected; there was a risk of a major coal safety accident; and the company’s asset injection process was affected by force majeure.Kant Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consulting (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, China’s geo-mineral economy
Member of the Society, of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, of the China Price Association, of the Executive Committee on Coal Prices, and of the China Coal Industry Association, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COICA), and for more than a decade has been engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields.
The research and development centre is responsible for research in the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of China Coal Industries Group Sub-Society, who worked for many years in coal production, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 to carry out research in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market conversion, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry research, XinXinhua, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, July 2022.
In July 2022, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research. Lee Wei, cpa, Master of Accounting, Essen University of Economics and Management, Germany. In September 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Joined the Sunda Securities Research Centre in April 2023 for research on natural gas and electricity, Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research on coal.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.