Shinjiyama Evidence, Sioux Mine Energy (600188.sh)
\triangleright Market data: 9 April 2024
6.21%. The main reason for the growth in production is the highest/lowest (in dollars) per year for the mining and Xinjiang under the auspices of the acquiring parent company: and the improvement in international production conditions in Xinqao and Xinjiang, respectively, resulting in an increase in commercial coal production.
Circulationa/total equity (billions): Circulationa share market value (billions): annual average price change of 23.99 per cent, -40.58 per cent and annual average price of hard coal in the El Niño and Australasia peaks, respectively
Coal industry sales have increased equally, but prices have exceeded costs, and Māori have fallen. As a result of the silviculture process and the restructuring of future energy products during the same period last year, the cost of the company achieving coal production and marketing in 2023 has been reduced, ethanol and schilling oil have improved, and tons of Māori have achieved $575.45, respectively.
Tons and 4374.02 yuan/tons, with changes of +57.88 per cent and +12.83 per cent, respectively. Quantities of internal expansion and company coal capacity still have scope for expansion; increased overseas coal prices in q1 in 2024.
The company’s internal and external growth of coal plates will continue, and the company’s ability to sustain its development will be stronger. In addition, overseas coal prices have been rebounding since 2024, and the company’s offshore coal industry has been profitable.
The annual profit distribution policy announcement states that the profit distribution policy for the year 2023-2025 should account for the company’s share in the year, with a combined cash share of $11.85 billion (including taxes), net of the statutory reserve.
The company’s external and domestic deployment of superior resources and future profitability are expected to maintain a higher rate of dividends. \triangleright macroeconomic growth is not as high as expected; coal prices are expected to fall; and production-generating risks are expected to remain high;
\triangleright New project under-input and risk of continuing downswing in overseas coal prices, etc. Figure 5: Sub-agency sales of merchandise (thousands of tons) 2016-2023
Figure 6: Coal composition of home-grown goods sold in 2023 (thousands of tonnes) Figure 8: Coal-producing unit cost composition in 2023 Summary of forecast and valuation data in financial statements
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.