On 20 October, the company released its three-quarter report for 2021, which generated operating income of $6.34 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 58 per cent compared to the previous three quarters, and a net profit of $1.72 billion for the mother, an increase of 111 per cent compared to the previous quarter.
Revenue of $2.31 billion, 52 per cent increase in the same year and 17 per cent increase in the ring; net profit of the mother of $456 million, q3 confirming the bottom of the single-season profit, with a significant increase in the outward ring ratio: three quarters with a small drop in the average price of raw materials and photovoltaics, 31.7 per cent of the company ' s single-season Māori ratio, ring ratio - 5.7 pct, measuring a single-season net gain
Roughly 3.5~3.6 per square metre, basically recognizing the base of the profit in the year. It also benefits from high light demand in the second half of the year, a steady increase in the penetration rate of both the rich and the two-bond, a significant increase in the volume of the company's photovoltaic glass, and an increase in the company's share of the firm expansion, a combination of costs.
Q4 will move up the price of the product. 2. Expansion, drop speed, pattern of care, steady growth -
Para. 3.2.2.0 Photovoltaic glass prices are estimated at $30/23 per square metre each this week, up from $4/2 per square metre at the end of September, leading more smoothly to upward cost pressures, and corporate flat net profit is expected to continue to grow at a high rate of q1 performance, with full capacity to expand production steady.
In the industrial chain, the short-term disturbance of upstream supply due to energy consumption and double control is gradually improving (coal, carbon production security, electricity price market reform, etc.); in the case of component collection, the winning bid and spot delivery, 4. High performance growth, further speed of expansion-Freight, etc.)
Downstream is gradually accepting orders for components of 1.9 or more/w, and the industrial chain game is coming to an end; in view of the company's delivery, the 1200t/d kiln, which was set on fire on August 18th, will begin to make a contribution.
By the end of the year, the company will be in a phase of rising volume prices, driving q4 performance loops to continue to rise. The cost of marginal capacity will determine the price increase, and the long-square profit of 2022 is expected to be higher than expected: global energy cost increases + domestic “power restrictions” and the cost of photovoltaic glass production continues to rise, with leading firms relying on it.
With excellent cost-control capabilities and leading product layouts, comparative advantage continues to grow. Especially in industries with high landscapes (e.g., four quarters or the second half of next year), product price increases are determined by higher-cost marginal production, lower production orders for leading firms, and more favourable prices for raw materials are expected to drive the public.
Uwentian, the market analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment