Folett building materials. Photovoltaic glass hits the bottom, and q4 is expected to significantly improve the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Performance summary: During the first three quarters of 2021, the company achieved operating income of $6.337 billion, an increase of 57.78 per cent in the same year; $1 billion, an increase of 51.89 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother of $456 million, an increase of 29.89 per cent in the same year.
q3 light-voltage downstream demand continues to rise, with additional capacity concentrated in the first half of the year. q3 companies are expected to see a significant increase in the volume of light glass coming out of the same volume and the ring ratio.
Release, by the end of 2021, photovoltaic glass melting is expected to reach 12,200 t/d, and q4 is expected to be significantly improved by the end of 2020, as a result of the sharp rise in the profits from the production of lumino glass. q3 has a combined Māori rate of 31.70 per cent, a decline of 10.99 pp compared to the corresponding decline of 5.71 pp. Photovoltaic glass prices are at the bottom of July, with q3 as a whole.
Low, the price of primary raw materials increases in pure alkali prices with both cost pressures and Māori ratios. According to pvinfolink, the current 3.2mm glass price is $30/p, with a lower point rise of more than 30%; 2.0mm payments of $1,201 million, with an increase of $835 million over the end of q2.
Volatilizing the scale effect of 2.0 mm glass, increasing the proportion of large-scale products out of stock, and the prospect of a new round of equity incentives for glazing glass, the company’s recent announcement of the latest stock options, which are expected to grant 5.95 million stock options to 289 middle- and senior-level managers and technologists, is expected to meet the target of a new round of equity incentives over the next five years.
The first stock options will be granted in five instalments, with the goal of performance appraisals being to target long-term income growth and to define in depth the managerial and technical staff needed for future development.
Long list, ensuring that the additional output is digested. The combined growth rate of the company ' s net profit return over the next three years is expected to be Fullet (601865): slightly higher than expected, with a significant increase in the cost of quality materials and fuel.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.