Hitchon technology (300124) quick report.
Research assistant Chai Ka Fai measured non-net profits of approximately $1.91 billion, compared with 135.7 per cent; on a quarterly basis, o4 earned $3.41 billion, same with +37.4 per cent, ring with a small increase of $590 million, compared with +91.6 per cent, taking into account the mother ' s net profit.
q4 with higher impairments (year-end announcement q4 with $142 million for impairments, $123 million for net benefit to the mother) and costs, q4 with lower net interest rates and a small decline in the Maori ring ratio (return of distributors to report as expected; strong work-control orders since January, q1 performance is expected to exceed expectations.
In the manufacturing industry, capital spending on electronics, lithium electricity, photovoltaics, logistics, etc., has been strong, with the traditional advantage of recovering demand for textiles, plasticization, eu, etc., and of 21q1, with high upstream tension, rapid downstream replenishment of stocks, accelerated import substitution and concentration at the same time, with 20-year conglomerates projected to be +60-70 per cent,
In the case of passenger cars, the ideal, the pelican, etc., spends a lot of time, loads a top customer orders throughout the year (including commercial cars), and is expected to continue to break through domestic a point and overseas cars. In the case of commercial cars, logistics are growing, and passenger cars are currently under some pressure.
After 21 years of high income and a significant loss of profits, profits began to be earned in 22 years. The delivery of elevator products was slowed by the impact of the epidemic, q2 recovery and q3-q4 growth continued to accelerate year-round growth, accelerating the expansion of the one-size-fits-all system among foreign and multinational customers.
1 “Seconian technology (300124) performance forecast: annual report performance in line with expectations, o1 slow season, high growth rate”
This corresponds to 70 times the current price, 50 times the current price, and 38 times the rate. Taking into account the firm's strong performance in the industrial and regulatory sector, the performance rate is again higher than expected, 70 times the year of the worker, and the “buy-in” rating.
Incentives to show confidence by increasing the purchase of the plc billion by 135.7 per cent of the year; quarterly, q4 earned 3.410 billion, +37.4 per cent of the year, small increase in the ring by net profit of 590 million, +91.6 per cent of the year, taking into account the larger impairment of the q4 mark (year-end announcement q4 for reduction of $142 million,
The impact is on the net profit of the mother (123 million) and costs, q4 net interest rates, and a small decline in the Māori ring ratio (as a result of the dealer ' s return): previously forecasted income was +45 - 65 per cent, profit year + 100 - 130 per cent, and the fast report met expectations: one month after the order of control was strong, the performance of q1 was expected to be higher.
Industry demand continued to flourish, capital spending in advanced manufacturing industries such as electronics, lithium electricity, photovoltaics, logistics, demand recovery in traditional advantage downstream textiles, plasticization, eu, etc., upstream tension in 21q1 and rapid downstream replenishment of stocks, while import substitution and concentration accelerated with a 20-year convalescence projection of +60 - 70 per cent, and a low 21q1 season, not so high.
The demand for 20q4 is strong, the oem industry is up, and 21q1 is low. Twenty years after the outbreak, the Oem market is up to 8.8% and the project type is up to 6.4%; downwards, advanced electronics and semiconductors, lithium power, logistics, industrial robots have been in demand since 20q1 and the infrastructure-related engineering machinery has been in demand.
Lifts, elevators, textiles, packaging, etc. in the traditional sector have improved overall, o4 has continued; by product category, there has been a boom, along with rapid downstream replenishment of stocks, super-springing spring seasons, and the demand for manufacturing in q1 has continued to be strong and low, with a projected increase of no less than 20 years throughout the year, including service related to advanced manufacturing, medium-sized plc
Import substitution began to accelerate in 20 years and is expected to accelerate further in 21 years. Over 20 years, due to repeated out-of-sea outbreaks, tight supply of foreign industrial and regulatory products in some domestic markets, the dividends and comparative advantages of engineers from domestic firms have been further highlighted, with some downstream accelerating the nationalisation of industrial and regulatory parts and components, domestic capital.
By December, the metal cutting machine bed was higher than +32.4 per cent.
The q4 has been growing at 60-70% with the same growth, the January increase in the chain, the same increase, the q1 increase is expected to be higher than expected, 20 years of high-predictability, market participation in domestic top2, and the new energy car plate is expected to grow.
By car, the country's top2 team is well-established and is expected to continue to grow rapidly for 21 years, with a significant loss in profits and a potential profit for 22 years.
143,000 units installed, with a market share of 10.6 per cent (about 3 per cent last year). The client side has completed 20 years of up-to-date orders from top customers, such as Chiré, a line company overseas, and is expected to continue to break through the country ' s a point and offshore firms; there has also been a rapid advance in product development, with more than one product expected to start batching this year, the fourth generation of generals.
With respect to commercial vehicles, the growth of logistics vehicles, the current pressure on passenger vehicles, the use of major customers such as Mitsubishi, Jiang bell, Chang River, etc., continued to pass through top clients to target new products for heavy-cars and sanitation for 20 years.
By the beginning of next year, bulk delivery is expected, and a new generation of micro-formulated products is expected to be put into the market next year: bus pressure is relatively high, with large clients selling 156,000 vehicles over 20 years, compared to 27.8 per cent, and this year the cost of existing flats has been optimized and the Māori rate has increased.
The elevators have grown steadily throughout the year, and the synchronous +bst integration is expected to continue to increase over 21 years. The 20q1 elevator product is still a significant and incremental contribution over the year.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board