The industrial and electric vehicle operations have increased and profitability has increased significantly.
Industry growth is high. Import substitution will continue to accelerate in 2021 in the face of rising prices for raw materials.
This year, demand in the o1 industry continued to thrive, and high growth in corporate industries is expected to continue. Recent upturns in prices of commodities, power components, etc., have had an impact on the supply of foreign brands, while the sinks have sufficient stocks of raw materials in their strategic reserves, and the gbt, etc., have made more progress in national production.
The unit is expected to accelerate the recovery of its share of foreign investment, as compared with the trend of Deep 300. New energy motor power is always rapidly released, and it is expected to continue to lose its share this year.
In the last year, the company was able to move rapidly in the area of new energy vehicles, especially in the area of car-making, such as the idea of new power customers, peng, Wilma, and so on. High growth: special-purpose car companies have been growing rapidly in terms of the use of gas in general, such as Mitsubishi, and the area of passenger vehicles has been subject to a similar decline in downstream demand. The company has made a steady breakthrough in the growth of mainstream cars, and has now set three customers overseas, making a big breakthrough in the country.
Car companies like Swe, the Wall, and others, are expected to make a sustained breakthrough this year, both domestically and internationally. The new energy automobile business last year suffered a significant loss, driven by the use of vehicles, electricity and electricity, as well as organizational changes, and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate of revenue this year, which is expected to be further reduced, and the new energy car business next year is expected to be profitable.
Elevator operations have grown steadily and the market leadership is strong. In the early years of the year, the country affected by the epidemic experienced a year-on-year decline in the completion of real estate, which began to be repaired from March. According to the Bureau of Statistics, the year 2020 saw a 4.9 per cent decline in real estate completion compared to the same year, and a 2.4 per cent decline compared to the January-November fall in corporate elevator integration operations.
Robust growth, strong market leadership, good cost controls, significant increases in profitability in the first year of organizational change, benefits from an upswing in industrial controls, the emerging effects of new energy automobile operations and industrial robotics, and a drop in costs.
The efficiency measure s010120120042 is beginning to yield results, with the company’s combined Māori ratio rising in 2020 in comparison to the previous year. The company’s first year of organizational change has seen significant improvements in business efficiency, a decline in sales costs, management costs, R&D rates and a significant increase in profitability.
We expect that this year the impact of corporate industrial controls and new energy vehicle operations will be further demonstrated, while companies are actively pursuing the “top down” strategy, with the prospect of increasing per capita sales output, and are expected to have scope for improving profitability this year.
Quick-discharge by car, accelerated oral replacement, continued to increase and, given the company's industry leadership and long-term growth space, the reference SMAI 83 times p (ttm) was valued to maintain the `recommended' rating.
The overseas epidemic has lasted longer than expected, the industrial and regulatory sectors have grown less than expected, and the prices of raw materials have increased more than expected. Corporate financial statement data forecast aggregates vouchers, Dong-woo securities, and Chinese securities, which joined civil securities in August 2020.
Dinya, a multi-year photovoltaic industry research experience formerly employed in Solarzoom, New Age Securities, and joined the civil securities in December 2020. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.