The annual report meets expectations, q1 slow seasons, high growth rates, and a great deal of success.
The q4 net profit from motherhood is 549 million, compared to +79.3 per cent, and the q4 Māori ratio is expected to be substantially stable. Taking into account that the q4 scale has a higher impairment (the year-end announcement q4 plus a positive reduction)
For $142 million, the net profit from the mother, $123 million) and the cost, the year-round performance is as expected; pre-industrial orders are strong and slow, and q1 is expected to outperform expectations. Capital spending in advanced manufacturing industries such as electronics, lithium power, photovoltaics, logistics, etc., is high and traditional advantages are low.
The demand for textiles, plastics, eu, etc. has recovered, and the tension up to 21q1 has accelerated import substitution and concentration.
With respect to commercial cars, logistics cars are growing and passenger cars are under some pressure. It is expected that in 21 years, revenue will increase, profits will decline significantly, and profits will start to be made in 2022.
It is expected that the future elevator operation will continue to improve the performance: once again, it has outperformed expectations, jobs, and jobs.
At a steady rate of growth of about 10%. Incentives to increase confidence by a fixed increase of plc /387 billion (considering impairment of assets and amortization of equity incentive costs)
The Division has established its position as a leader in the industrial control industry in the management of alpha, and in electrical and electrical power control, and has given target number 3, "Technology in Hong Kong" (300124) to comment on the return of the King of Industry and Control, and the power control of high-altitude music.
20-08-18 net profit for mothers, $123 million) and costs, with year-round performance; current high and low-season industrial orders, high demand for q1 industries, high capital spending in advanced manufacturing industries such as electronics, lithium power, photovoltaics, logistics, etc.
Recovering the demand for downstream textiles, plasticization, eu, etc., the tension upstream of 21q1 has accelerated import substitution and concentration, and the low season is not too short. After 20 years of epidemic, the industrial and regulatory sector is back on track, with 20q1~q3 rising at different speeds: lithium electricity, logistics, industrial robotics, and infrastructure-related engineering machinery, lifts, elevators, etc.
q3 in the traditional sector, textiles, packaging, etc., has begun to recover and q4 has continued; in the 21 years since it entered, O1 manufacturing demand has continued to flourish and has dwindled, owing to the high demand for capital expenditure in the advanced manufacturing sector, the lateness of spring holidays relative to the previous year, and the obstruction of the return of workers.
Table 2: Import substitution has accelerated further in the context of rising prices and tight power supply in downstream industries in the industrial and regulatory sectors.
The engineer dividend and comparative advantage are further highlighted by the fact that some downstreams have accelerated the nationalization of industrial and controlled parts, and that the share of domestic capital has risen rapidly. According to the wise industry, the share of SWI is expected to be close to 19% in 20 years, surpasses abb to the top, and the share of the service is ranked in the top three. In recent times, power supply has been tight, as well as large quantities of copper and copper.
The price increases for silicon steel, permagnetic materials, etc., further stifled the supply of foreign capital, some of which responded to upstream pressures by prolonging product turn-over periods or increasing prices for end-products; however, the strategic reserves of raw materials in the sinks were abundant and comparative advantages were significant, and the share was expected to increase further.
At the point of view, q4 maintained 60-70% and increased by the same year, the o1 ring-o4 increased further, and the o1 increase is expected to be higher than expected, with a year-round forecast for service.
Overestimated, 21 years of revenue is expected to grow significantly, continue to lose significantly, and 22 years of profit. By car, the country’s bottom 2 is in the harvest, and the customer ladder is well-established, and is expected to continue to grow rapidly over 21 years, with significant profit losses and 22 years of hope.
One, little pap 7, 101,000 in January-November, +438, 143,000 in the year (including commercial) and 10.6 per cent in the city (about 3 per cent last year). For the client side, complete up to 20 years with top orders from Chirí, a line company overseas, and it is expected that the country will continue to break through point a and spot a.
Overseas automobile companies; there has also been a rapid advance in product development, with multiple products expected to start in bulk this year, with a fourth generation of products entering a detailed design phase. With respect to commercial vehicles, logistics cars are growing, passenger cars are currently under pressure, and specialized vehicles, Mitsubishi, Jiangzu, Chang Ha, are now under pressure.
At the top of the list of major clients, 20 years of targeting top clients, with new products for heavy cards and sanitation expected to be delivered in bulk at the beginning of next year, and a new generation of small products expected to be put into the market in bulk next year: bus pressure, optimization of the cost of existing platform products, and an increase in the Māori rate.
The elevators have grown steadily throughout the year, and the synchronous +bst integration is expected to continue to increase over 21 years. The 20q1 elevator product has been increased.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board