Ports of transport shipping, non-financial companies, supply constraints, price support, long-distance incremental + tax drags profits.
Investment rating: buying (maintaining) Wang Xuewu, tight supply in the oil transport market to support prices, long-distance incremental + tax tolling profits: the ageing of the tanker fleet has led to a decline in capacity.
The limited capacity of the \triangleright shipyard has made it difficult for new ships to fill the capacity gap, although the fuel market demand has been weak owing to the extension of the policy of superopec+ voluntary reduction due to the introduction of the refinery renovation season, but the prices continue to show some resilience.
The average value of line tce was $27911 per day, an increase of 38.68 per cent over the same year.
Vlcc new ships cannot fill old ship gaps, non-opec increases in production from double range and potential benefits from recovery: 1) vlcc supply side continues to be strained: new ship deliveries are expected to be very limited by 2026 due to limited shipyard capacity being squeezed by a large number of container ship orders, while the fleet is ageing, new ships are unable to fill old ship openings, and transport capacity is reduced.
2) vlcc demand side increase by double: the increase in production in non-opec countries represented by the Americas to meet the increase in demand in Asia and the Pacific will increase global oil supply by 0.66 million barrels per day per year. Of this, non-opec+ is expected to increase production by 1.5 million barrels/month per month to announce a sustained reduction, delay the resumption of production from October to December, and resume production or become the next year’s oil shipment requirement
If the oec returns, it is expected to produce 2.20 million barrels per day, increasing 152 ships vlcc equivalents throughout the year, equivalent to 3.2% of the volume of crude oil traded by sea, further bolstering oil demand. And, as expected, geopolitical conflicts, environmental protection, and energy-saving reductions will fall short of expectations.
Appendices: A summary of the financial projections indicates my personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have done so with diligence, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective production of this report, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.