With a strong growth momentum, the five-food fluid reform dividend holds the five-food fluids. 2.2019 On February 18, the five-food fluids held a marketing reform conference.
The growth rate of \triangleright q3 has slowed, but the macroeconomic environment has had little impact on the company’s performance throughout the year. In terms of profits, the company is expected to return to its motherland throughout the year.
During the spring festival, sales in the southwest of the main camp and in the key areas of China increased markedly, and stocks in the north of China generally dropped one month later, and in some parts less than one month, under the influence of company promotion policies, prices stopped falling back to high-end alcohol power, and the year-round Māori rates were expected to be renewed and product structures were expected to rise. The company’s Māori sales rate for the first three quarters of the 18th quarter began to rise.
\triangleright Māori rates may be re-innovated. The upgraded version of the five-food fluids emerges from both the product price increases and the product structure. We look forward to the upgrade of the five-food fluids. In 2019, the company expects to achieve a high-end sales volume of 23,000 tons, based mainly on increased sales from high-end product lines into the market.
In addition, the product structure will continue to grow as a result of a digital transition and a part of the market growth that will result from a deep-seated channel. The channel reform process is well under way, and a new model is to be expected.
The elimination of marketing centres from corporate control and the upgrading of corporate channels to reduce intra-firm transaction costs are good initiatives; if the company, after the reform, has sunk its original eight-area business cadres down to meet the cost of opening the market with the distributors, this is welcome for distributors, and it is likely that the company's channel power will rise to another stage to achieve a qualitative leap.
During the first anniversary of the change of circuits, we look forward to the reform of the company's channels, and we will keep an eye on them.
Eastern Foundation, Tedarhonley Foundation. Masters' degree in Finance, University of Durant, United Kingdom, and two degrees in undergraduate studies, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics. 2017 Analysts' own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies