Five grain fluids, overperformance, expecting new surprises from the new team. Five grain fluids release a performance forecast for 2018, which is expected to increase in 2018 compared to the same period in the previous year.
The higher prices of the class products contributed to a more substantial increase in business performance. (1) The demand for five grains of liquid alcohol has maintained a strong growth momentum for reasons such as the company's work in marketing and marketing channels, including the strong fragrance of large countries, and the branding of the Chinese wine king, which has been large.
Business visits, junior middle-level competitions, expansion of the number of dealers, etc., low-end prices, higher price prices and higher price prices. (2) We judge that companies are more focused on volume growth, that sales of liquid food and alcohol are growing faster, and that the price of a batch is not changing much.
The company is in the advanced stages of its business cycle, and the new team is expected to bring new surprises. (1) According to the microbarrel news, the company proposed a breakthrough in the 19-year equity income plan at the 1218 distributors meeting.
We believe that the goal of high growth is likely to be achieved if companies are able to develop consumers and manage channels. (2) LEE Jong-gwang was Chairman of the Group in March 2017 and Zou Tao was Vice-President of the Equity Corporation in July 2018, with the new executive joining us.
The company marketing concept is changing, and the marketing system is changing. The digital system will be up in 2019 to improve its efficiency. According to Microbarrel News, Operation Thunderbolt was launched on 1 January 19 with the Deputy Managing Director, Zou Tao, personally, to combat cross-regional and cross-channel sales and secure distributors.
According to our grass-roots research, the spring 19th year is a year of high volume of food fluids, and the channels are looking for feedback on negative news.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: beverage manufacturing
The soup is bright.