The company published its annual report for 2018, and in 2018 it achieved $40.3 billion in operating income, a year-on-year increase of $40 billion, which is what it expected. At the beginning of the year, the company planned to achieve gross operating income by 2018.
Redo's income growth rates were +36.8%, +37.7%, +23.2% and +31.3% respectively, while demand for high-end white wine remained strong, while companies continued to benefit from the limited supply of high-end white wine spaces, which they had given up.
It's been a good quarter, and it's focused on the bridging period for old and new products. According to the current feedback, spring is fast, stocks are low, companies will roll out a new P5 in June with prices ranging from 879 to 889, and the current P5 prices are rising from around 820 to 830 by spring.
On the other hand, we focus on whether the P5 prices will be maintained and increased, which will represent the basis for the sale of stocks and new products. Keeping the company’s “upper” rating.
We believe that the current market opportunities are well captured and that, in view of the current prices, the company brand is rising to give consumers and channel confidence, and that the launch of the new Five is expected to be successful.
China International Center, 15th floor, Hengsheng, 1000th Street, Shanghai and Land Gate Road, and Fuhua, Shenzhen Fukuda District, the 6th tax-free trader.
Any part of my salary has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be.
The company does not view the recipient as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with the company, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, for example, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to by the company.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should be aware of the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.