Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank.
By the end of June 2022, Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry had recorded a balance of 63,471 million yuan in loans for technology-based enterprises, an increase of $10,895 million, or 20.72%, compared to the previous year, with a steady acceleration in the scale of the increase and the share of technology loans in public loans.
The share has also risen from year to year; the number of clients of loans from technology-based enterprises has risen from 304 at the end of the year to over 5,500 in service-based enterprises. On the basis of the relatively rapid growth of financial services, the Shanghai Chamber of Agriculture has focused on overall risk management, maintaining a better quality of financial assets.
By the end of June 2022, the rate of poor technology-type enterprises was 0.14%. Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry had long-term deep-deep farming in Shanghai and focused on suburban areas.
This compares to more than 65%, with 106 of the 108 townships in Shanghai. In Shanghai, the government has concentrated micro-, small- and medium-sized enterprises and advanced manufacturing enterprises on the outskirts of the city, while Shanghai farmers have a maximum/minimum price of 52 weeks.
By the end of June 2022, the cumulative services section of the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry had reached over 5,500 households, serving almost half of Shanghai's “new, specialized, small giants.”
Businesses and top 30% of “new” small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). Shanghai Chamber of Commerce vs. Silicon Valley Banking Model, whose financial development is in the forefront of rural financial institutions.
An “list system” for technology-based enterprises is used to manage the wind as a whole; and a loan association operation is launched to cut into a start-up phase with core technology, high growth, and early medium-term.
Technology enterprises are nurtured; they are provided with their own products and services according to the life cycle of the technology enterprises.
At the same time, the Shanghai Chamber of Agriculture has strengthened its cooperation with external institutions such as pe/vc, thereby making better use of funds to support enterprise development. In 2021, Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry launched a business-as-you-go project.
“Agricultural comptoirs (601825.sh) - The advantage of deposits is highlighted, assets are of good quality” - The “Popinium kinetic Power 2.0” service programme, designed to match more precisely the “All-China Farming Chamber - 601825 - In-depth Report: Shanghai-based, highlighting regional advantages” for different stages of business start-up -
In addition, the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry introduced a system of products for the full life cycle to meet the financing needs of science- and technology-based enterprises at different stages.
Company profile: local, service-based, Shanghai-based, inclusive finance.
Rural credit unions dating back to 1949 have a long history of service in Shanghai, and in 2005 the Shanghai City Association, the District (District) Association, the Basic Credit Unions were reorganized into stock companies and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange Board in August 2021. As of the end of 2021, the total assets of Shanghai's agricultural comptoirs exceeded 1.1 trillion.
As of the end of June 2022, there were 366 branches of the company, 359 of which were located in Shanghai. The firm is committed to inclusive finance, based on “services for three farmers, services for small farmers, services for small businesses, and services for small businesses.”
The Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry has adopted inclusive finance as a basic path to the enterprise's mission, returning to its source, maintaining the business orientation of the service “Three Agricultures, Micro, Micro, Micro, Community Residents”, giving priority to retail business, deepening the new financial business of the present “Three Agricultures”, actively doing value-favourable business, strengthening top-level design, and enhancing policy support.
Based on data empowerment, the ability of inclusive clients to provide comprehensive financial and professional and individualized demand services is improved. Deep-farming suburban advantages are evident, with a solid client base, long-term deep-farming suburban areas of Shanghai's agricultural comptoirs, extensive network coverage and a solid client base.
There are 106 towns in Shanghai, with 98.1% coverage, and 250 sites in Shanghai. Long-term deep-deep suburban farming has led to long-standing ties between Shanghai comptoirs and local governments, businesses and residents, with high levels of sticky customers. Shanghai comptoirs have an advantage in the suburban market, which has been in Shanghai since 2021.
The Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry has a strong presence in the suburbs, where the number of points of contact and the presence of the public loan market are among the top players.
We use the eight subdistricts of Kading, Aingura, Songjiang, Jinshan, Hyun-hyun, Chongming, Jin-shan, and Bo-shan as suburban areas, to calculate the distribution of the six-Power banks and the Shanghai Bank, which has its headquarters in Shanghai, and the Po-Fai Bank. The total number of sites in the suburbans of Shanghai's farmers' comptoirs is, according to the figures, second only to the Post Bank.
By the end of 2021, the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry accounted for 61 per cent of the balance of public deposits and 57 per cent of the balance of public loans.
First, public deposit markets are among the highest in several regions, such as the Songjiang region, the Bluepool area, and the Gardin district. On the basis of the pre-emptive advantage, the financial sector is growing rapidly, and on the basis of the comparative advantage of the suburbs, Shanghai's agricultural comptoirs have built up large numbers of technologists.
By the end of 2021, the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry had maintained good partnerships with more than one third of Shanghai's 3005 specialized and new enterprises, with the balance of loans from technology-based enterprises in Shanghai, which had increased by $10,895 million, or 20.72%, from the end of the previous year.
The share of public loans has also increased from year to year; 2,242 clients in technology-based enterprises, an increase from 304 at the end of the previous year, and over 5,500 in service-based enterprises. In 2022, the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry established for the first time a partnership with 552 enterprises at the national, municipal, district-level and Shanghai-specific industrial parks, with 635 companies.
For the first time, the industry has established a partnership of letters of credit, of which 112 are “new and specialized” enterprises and 586 are small and medium-sized enterprises. On the basis of the relatively rapid development of the financial sector, the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry has focused on overall risk management, and the quality of financial assets has remained relatively high, with a poor rate of 0.14 per cent for technology-type enterprises as of the end of June 2022.
Technology-based enterprise characteristics and service models. Technology-based enterprise characteristics: difficulties in applying traditional credit, facilitating the transformation of commercial banking services. Science-based enterprises have difficulties in applying traditional credit models and facilitating the transition of commercial banks to the “banking + investment” model.
High-technology industries are the main directions for future development as the structure of industry is upgraded. There are large differences between high-technology industries and traditional manufacturing, often characterized by high risk, high returns, light assets, knowledge-intensive, less predictable and insufficient collateral, making it difficult to apply traditional bank lending.
Commercial banks are gradually exploring new models of services to upgrade their capacity to service technology-based enterprises. On the one hand, they provide “investment-type” services to technology-based enterprises, including investment banks, financial transactions, and assets.
Large financial market operations, such as management, asset hosting, etc.; on the other hand, commercial banks can still provide exclusive services to technology-based enterprises on the basis of traditional business and industry services, such as the construction of specialized science and technology branches, the creation of exclusive teams of technology-based client managers, the development of credit products for technology-based enterprises, etc.
The “bank-plus” model for technology-based enterprises is the main model for commercial banks to provide financial services to unlisted and long-term technology-based enterprises characterized by high-growth, relatively limited collateralized assets.
Under the loan association model, commercial banks select high-quality credit clients and recommend private equity and venture capital (vc) institutions to cooperate with each other to set up platforms where p/vc can communicate with high-quality clients and collaborate with them.
Commercial banks may then “lend” or appropriate liberalization of credit lending to enterprises investing in a cooperative agency.
A correspondent bank can enter into an equity agreement with an enterprise. In the agreement, bank loans can be converted into an enterprise’s equity and options in proportion to a certain percentage, so that commercial banks can obtain the shares of the target firm through a cooperative agency. Commercial bank services technology-type enterprises have both advantages and challenges. On the one hand, technology-based enterprises are “high”
Growing up. Through early intervention in technology-based SMEs or start-ups, it is easy to develop a higher degree of customer stickyness and loyalty, and to share its growth after its rapid growth, leading to a higher rate of return. On the other hand, the difficulty of service lies in risk management, due to the unstable cash flow of technology-based enterprises, and the lack of sufficient collateral, because
In the case of service-based enterprises, Silicon Valley Bank is a global benchmark and a target for many commercial banks in the country. The service-based enterprises’ “model”: Silicon Valley Bank’s “lending connection” model
The Silicon Valley Bank Finance Group (Svbfinancionalgroup) is a typical American financial holding company and one of the most successful financial institutions that provides financing for technology-based SMEs. The Silicon Valley Bank headquarters is located in Santacla, California, with a total asset of $211.5 billion at the end of 2021 and a total loan of $66.3 billion.
The company currently operates in four sectors: Global Commercial Bank (gcb, Global Commercial Bank), svbprivatebank (Silicon Valley Private Bank), svbcapital (Silicon Valley Capital) and svbsecuritys (Silicon Valley Securities).
The Silicon Valley Bank provides a one-stop package of “life-cycle” financial services for technology-based enterprises through a combination of multiple silos.
A “lending association” model to share business growth while effectively controlling credit risk. First, Silicon Valley Bank focuses on credit risk control for technology-based enterprises, drawing on data and experience it has accumulated for services for technology-based SMEs over the years. Silicon Valley Bank develops a professional credit risk approval system to boost lending.
At the same time, Silicon Valley Bank, while providing credit to start-up or growth-expanding technology enterprises, offsets some of the credit defaults by obtaining equity recognition certificates to benefit from the premium on equity appreciation following rapid growth of the enterprise.
The Silicon Valley Bank has two main models for holding equity loans, one of which is that Silicon Valley Bank directs equity loans to start-ups, where the Silicon Valley Bank Financial Group holds 1-2% of the total equity of the enterprise, to effectively hedge the losses associated with credit risk when the business is publicly listed or acquired.
The Silicon Valley Bank Finance Group, under the banner of svbcapital, invests in some of the preferred start-up businesses on a small scale, thereby reaping higher value-added gains when enterprises are publicly listed or acquired. Another model is to work in depth with pe/vc by lending to p/vc institutions, which then invest in them.
Since pe/vc has a greater advantage in venture investment in start-ups, Silicon Valley Bank invests in technology-based enterprises by providing loans for high-quality pe/vc. This leads to deeper cooperation and binding with the start-up institutions, which also allows Silicon Valley Bank to raise the profile of companies based on cooperative information.
In addition, Silicon Valley Bank focuses on the provision of niche products and services according to the “life cycle” of technology-based enterprises.
The Silicon Valley Bank provides them with a flexible mix of investment and comptoirs to meet the financing needs of technology-based enterprises at various stages.
In the long term, the firm will be supported by a longer-term credit project and, through close cooperation with pe/vc, will be assisted in introducing strategic investors to expand the financing space. In the run-up to the market, Silicon Valley Bank will further provide merciless financing and a combination of loans.
The Silicon Valley Bank's “lending connection” model is currently a model for international commercial banks to serve technology enterprises.
But, given the huge differences in the Chinese and American markets, Chinese commercial banks also need to think from China’s perspective of localization. For example, the Silicon Valley Bank’s approach, in cooperation with pe/vc, is to extend loans to such innovative institutions, a model that is difficult in the country.
Direct reproduction. The Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry, based on its differentiated advantages in Shanghai, conducts lending linkages, moves into core technological, high-growth start-up, early and medium-term technology enterprises, nurtures them, and provides them with exclusive credit products and services based on the life cycle of technology-based enterprises.
(a) The advantages of differentiation: early intervention in building glue, list management, wide scope for financial operations, development of the same frequency of resonance with the Shanghai suburb, and the construction of the Shanghai City Promotion Centre, which provides a vast space for the development of scientific and technological financial operations of the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
According to the Shanghai Municipal Bureau of Statistics, in 2021 there were 7015 new high-technology enterprises in Shanghai, with a cumulative total of nearly 2,500 enterprises. A total of 556 high-technology conversion projects were identified throughout the year, of which 84.53 per cent were in priority areas such as electronic information, biopharmaceuticals, new materials, advanced manufacturing and automation.
With the restructuring of the economy, the number of high-technology enterprises in Shanghai and high-technology industries (manufacturing industries) are on the rise.
In recent years, as the economy's structural transformation has escalated, Shanghai City has accelerated the construction of a science-innovation centre. In the “14th Five-Year Plan for Advanced Manufacturing Development” in Shanghai, Shanghai City proposed the construction of a new “3+6” industrial system. “3” refers to integrated circuits, biopharmaceuticals, artificial intelligence, three leading industries, and “6” refers to electronic information, life and health.
Cars, high-end equipment, advanced materials, and fashion consumer goods are six priority industries. The Plan makes it clear: to strengthen the high-end industry leadership function and accelerate the digital transformation of the industry.
Industry, by 2025, will be responsible for the construction of 50 or so special industrial parks. Of these, 3-5 billion have been built, 5-8 5 billion have been built, and 20-30 have had a leading role in key industrial chains.
By 2025, about 5,000 of the “new and specialized” firms, 300 of them specialized in new “small giants” and 30 of the single champions of manufacturing, had been built. They were known for their talent acquisition. In addition, in Shanghai, the 14th Five-Year Plan for Building Science, Technology and Innovation Centres with Global Impact was launched.
In China, Shanghai has proposed that the value added of strategic and emerging industries will be more than 20% of total GDP by 2025, with an increase of more than $1 trillion. As the plans come down, the development of Shanghai-related high-tech industries will accelerate further, which will also provide a huge boost to the financial development of Shanghai agribusiness.
For historical reasons, most of Shanghai’s early-generation parks are located in the suburbs.
In March of that year, the State Council approved the new technology industrial development zone of the river as one of the first high-technology zones in the country; since 1992, Shanghai has included the areas where the knowledge economy is concentrated in the upper-tech areas of Shanghai, and has established high-tech parks such as the Gang High Technology Park and the Golden Bridge Park. In March 2006, the State Council approved the renovation of high-tech parks in Shanghai.
In 2021, Shanghai gave the five suburban cities of Kating, Aipura, Songjiang, Bong-hyun, and Nam-Sung-Sung. The five new cities are divided into regions that offer innovation and advanced science and technology.
In the case of the Songjiang region, the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry has been involved in projects such as the G60 corridor, the Qui Dío River, the Hong Kong River River, the Southwest Logistics Park, and the Supersilicon Semiconductor Park, which provide financial support to enterprises in multi-homey areas. The Shanghai City Government will provide small and medium-sized micro-enterprises and advanced manufacturing for scientific and technological innovation.
Businesses are concentrated in the suburbs, while Shanghai's agricultural comptoirs, whether from the web site, their business features, or their future growth, are highly relevant to the direction of suburban development.
Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry, one of the first commercial banks in Shanghai to conduct financial ventures, has accumulated a wealth of experience in servicing technology-based enterprises. As early as 2009, Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry established a centre for financing small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) that provide financial services to small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), such as technology-based, creative industries and modern services.
In July 2012, the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry set up the Shanghai National Autonomy Innovation Demonstration Zone and the Central Science and Technology Centre, the first technology bank in Shanghai, the Zhang Gang Branch of Technology. In 2018, the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry took charge of the Yangpo District's model for building a national “double creation” base.
In 2021, the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry adapted the structure of the venture, merged the Zhangjiang Technical Branch with the Small and Medium Enterprises Finance Centre and added two points to the original single-point branch to better play the role of the WB Financial Front.
As a local farmer’s bank, which competes with big companies, Shanghai’s firm emphasizes early intervention in nurturing start-ups. By serving customers at an earlier start-up stage, it can work with start-ups on the one hand.
Building emotional stickyness; on the other hand, long-term services can help to further enhance the understanding of technology-based enterprises, to obtain positive feedback, and thus to better provide client-friendly services. This enables Shanghai Farming to develop a competitive advantage against other banks, and can be more useful in sharing when start-ups grow and grow.
In close cooperation with the Commission, list management controls control the overall risks Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry actively engages with relevant authorities to develop financial services.
In cooperation with the relevant sector, the Shanghai Chamber of Agriculture is responsible for coordinating the municipal level with the relevant sector.
In cooperation with the Shanghai City Employment Promotion Centre, an entrepreneurship guarantee loan is a start-up loan: in cooperation with the Shanghai City Intellectual Property Centre, a total of 20 mortgages were issued in 2021 on pledge financing of intellectual property; and a cooperation agreement was signed with the Shanghai City Information Council on the development of a new Shanghai-specific “small giant” enterprise, which will fully advance the Shanghai-specific “small” initiative.
In addition, the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry, a Shanghai technology credit facility, resumed work during the epidemic. In the course of the epidemic, the Shanghai City Council of Science and Technology, in conjunction with the relevant financial institutions, promoted loans for innovation, technology and compliance.
In 2022, the Shanghai City Science and Technology Loans accumulated 2,094 million yuan and 183 enterprises. The Shanghai Farmers Bank was the only agricultural company among the 17 Technology Compliance Banks and the 5 Cooperative Financial Assistance Banks.
List management for technology-based enterprises and control of overall credit risk. In identifying technology-based enterprises, the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry manages the list, mainly by reference to two lists, one of which is the high-tech technology of the Shanghai City Commission.
In addition, reference will be made to the voluntary submission of companies in the national system for the evaluation of small and medium-sized enterprises. In 2021, more than 80% of the clients of loans for high-tech, specialized, technological and small- and medium-sized enterprises in Shanghai are high-tech companies.
In the case of enterprises other than those listed, the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry will require them to provide relevant documentation, including patents and related certificates.
Wind control system, Shanghai Agricultural Chamber of Commerce and Industry, further strengthens the overall control of the risk of credit for technology-based enterprises, especially start-ups. By the end of June 2022, Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry had maintained a relatively good quality of financial assets, with a poor rate of 0.14% for technology-based enterprises.
Business model: based on `business development', the provision of `full life cycle' services, based on a variety of differentiated advantages, the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry has developed a science and technology financial services system characterized by `stimulative energy'.
Building on “smaller” credit mechanisms such as lending linkages, entry into core technological, long-term start-up, early and medium-term technology enterprises, offering them a new life-cycle strategy of “stimulative energy” customer development programmes and “sculpture” financial exclusive products, exploring becoming one-stop shops for start-ups.
Specialized institutions: Specialized services provided by a techno-behavior-type enterprise, set up a team of specialist client managers to provide differentiated financial services to industry-based tech-based enterprises.
Professional client managers such as industry, software and information services, environmental protection, and new materials.
By the end of 2020, the balance of loans for the technology-based enterprises of the Zhangjiang branch was 74.07 million yuan, and about 90% of the total clients of the branch were technology-based enterprises that received high-tech technology, small-tech giants, new certifications for special excellence, and access to public incubators. In addition, the Zhang branch of science and technology was involved.
In terms of the size of loans and the number of clients to be provided by technology enterprises, it is the top of seven technology-specific enterprises in the city, and it has been evaluated as “excellent” by the Superintendence of Silver Insurance in Shanghai.
The credit model is gradually being extended to the whole range. While traditional credit gives more weight to the past financial position of the enterprise and to collateral, technological enterprises are generally characterized by light assets, high inputs, high risks, especially low income from start-up and low profitability and insufficient collateral, which make it more difficult to finance under the traditional credit model.
In contrast to traditional financial indicators, which are more important than the wind control and review model of traditional credit, the Shanghai Agricultural Business Bank's “inventive” credit model focuses more on the review and assessment of non-financial factors such as physical and nuclear control teams, R & D capabilities, business models, equity financing capabilities, etc.
In addition, the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry has been working with external agencies such as voucher dealers and pe/vc to explore financial services for start-up firms.
Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry promotes the business transformation of comptoirs + investment banks and innovates the business model of “lending linkages”. Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry has set up a dedicated lending association decision-making committee to promote “l+5+n” business development and support business start-up loans. Among these, “1” is the establishment of a loan association by the head bank.
The Centre, which specializes in digging, evaluating, and providing services to early-stage enterprises; the “5” is a network of five lending associations that combine their regional priorities for scientific and technological development with the development of their own financial teams; the “n” is a lending consortium, which implements the services in cooperation with the Central Bank's lending consortium.
In the context of the “lending-lending-lending” business model, the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry’s credit focus on enterprises has moved further forward, using the potential of enterprise development as an important basis for risk evaluation.
In 2021, there were eight branches of the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry, with 112 new lending links, and both projects were withdrawn.
Building a private equity investment fund's biosphere and creating a more “genetic” credit model. The Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry works in depth with industry-led funds, private equity funds, etc., with more specialized investment decision-making mechanisms, risk-control tools, and talent teams to make better use of bank funds to support enterprise development.
By providing professional platforms and channels to help pe/vc reach more high-potential small and medium-sized enterprises, thereby providing them with comprehensive financial services that go beyond debt financing. By the end of June 2022, the number of investment institutions in the Bank ' s pool in Shanghai stood at 136, 27 more than at the end of the previous year; and the total number of projects in the project bank.
(a) 1,268, or 241 more, than at the end of the previous year. The Fund's accumulated recommended 171 clients for the industry, 58 of which were landed, including loan lending, mergers and acquisitions, loans for scientific and technological enterprises, deposits, financial management, etc.;
US$ 79 million in deposits and US$ 16 million in loans; accumulated RMB deposits from the Fund's funds. In 2021, the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry issued a programme of services called "Silver Dynamic Energy 2.0" to upgrade the financial services system of technological enterprises.
In 2021, the comptoirs released a service program called "Golden Dynamic Energy 2.0". The "Treat Power 2.0" places greater emphasis on the nurturing of start-ups and the further extension of services to earlier start-up technology firms.
Para. to better match business development patterns and growth needs. At the same time, the `Pulse Power 2.0' service programme has designed for technology and technology enterprises more precisely to match “full life cycle” products, matching different start-up, long-term, expansionary and mature firms with different financial products and services.
Figure 16: "Pulse power 2.0" in the five phases of the incubator, the core of the finance for innovation is not just credit support for technology enterprises, but the "Pulse energy 2.0" service programme is more focused on building a science and technology financial ecosystem than on product support.
Four Wings, a client-centred service model. "One Wing" refers to "steam power" in banks, "four Wings" refers to government platforms, risk-sharing agencies, professional services, and departments at all levels of the industry. By joining forces with foreign ministries and agencies, Shanghai's agro-banking business is better able to achieve complementarities in science and technology finance.
At the end of June 2022, there were 609 enterprises in the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry, with more than $50 billion in credit, and 55 companies listed in the Bank. Nine enterprises have been successfully brought on the market since 2022, and five are in the advanced stage of listing. In addition, 61 enterprises focused on development have entered the training phase, up from the end of the previous year.
This is a reflection of the growing capacity of the Shanghai Bank of Agriculture to nurture banks to incubate and service start-up enterprises. Special product: the whole life-cycle product system of the "Breaks" Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry provides them with a variety of financial products and services depending on the life-cycle characteristics of the technology-based enterprises.
Services to meet the financing needs of science- and technology-based enterprises at different stages of their development.
The “Technology Talent Loan” can be based directly on the background of high-end technologists and the reputation of the society, as a legal representative of high-end technologists in state and provincial ministries, or as a technology innovation that actually controls people.
A new business offers credit awards of up to $2 million per household: the “loan loan” is a guarantee-free loan of up to $3 million for a good technology start-up business.
Long-term technology firms usually enter the stages of transformation of results, profitability, and have some scientific results (special interest, etc.) or entrepreneurial qualifications (high new technology, special expertise, etc.). For these enterprises, which have been recognized and have a market, Shanghai farmers act in a manner that matches lending alliances and provides the corresponding credit products, including:
In cooperation with the Shanghai City Science and Technology Council, a “scientific compliance loan” will provide enterprises with guaranteed loans of up to $10 million.
In addition, the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry, in cooperation with the Centre for the Management of the Shanghai Small and Medium Enterprise Policy Finance Guarantee Fund, launched a guaranteed loan of up to $10 million for small and medium-sized enterprises in Shanghai.
Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry also has a range of products based on pledges such as “intellectual property loans”, “equity loans” and “order loans” for technology-based enterprises, such as patents, equity interests, orders, etc., that can be more flexiblely matched to business characteristics and needs.
Most technology-based enterprises have begun to engage with or even introduce external investors to varying degrees after they enter the expansion phase and maturity period. For extension-based technology enterprises, Shanghai farmers have introduced a “driving loan” based on corporate credit, issuing a single amount of up to $50 million, and a letter of credit of up to five years. For mature firms, this may be possible.
To match products such as increased fund-raising management, M & A financing, bond financing, and syndicated loans. At the same time, support for expansionary, mature technology-based enterprises has been strengthened through the resource advantages of policy-based financing guarantee institutions.
In addition, the Business Services Scheme for Listing of Enterprises is proposed. The Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry offers a financing model that combines one household, equity and claims for listed enterprises.
Provision of comprehensive “one-stop” financial services for the full range of financial services and strengthening cooperation with p/vc for the conversion of stock in technology-based enterprises, equity funds for connection, listing, pooled trust, private debt collection and market value management.
Specialized credit services of up to $50 million are provided by the city's high-technology enterprises, specialized new enterprises or enterprises that meet the criteria for the recognition of new and emerging strategic industries, in order to optimize their services to the technological enterprises in Hong Kong Park.
Long-term corporate mortgages, technology performance loans, equity loans, intellectual property loans, equity loans from technology-based centres, financing of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) orders, credit guarantee financing schemes of "new and specialized" 100 billion, loan lending schemes, employee-owned loans, plans for matching equity incentives, listing schemes, equity fund swaps, listings, pooled trusts, private debt collection, market values, management, pilot lending, and scientific and technical financial services programmes such as Pu Gang Light
We assume that the key drivers of corporate profitability growth are: (1) total asset growth: given the central bank’s attempt to match the m2 growth rate with the nominal gdp growth rate, we assume that the central bank’s growth rate is as follows:
We expect total bank asset growth to fluctuate around the nominal gdp rate of growth over the next three years, probably at (2) net interest differentials: the decline in lpr since this year has had a negative impact on the bank ' s net interest margin, although the comptoir of San farmers achieved a basic stabilization of the net interest margin during the first half of the year, with the advantage of the end of the debt, we expect that its follow-up will continue to be faced.
We have a sensitive analysis of the net differentials in the table below; (3) asset quality: company-reported data show a marginal shift in the quality of its assets, although there are also periods in which the epidemic has occurred, given the high volatility of market interest rates, and the resulting uncertainty about the projected impact, and we have the following sensitivities.
We use both absolute and relative valuation to estimate the reasonable value range of the company, and we use the three-stage ddm model for valuation, with the following assumptions:
This absolute valuation is more sensitive than discount rates and constant growth rates, and the following is a sensitivity analysis.a In the stock market, agricultural comptoirs tend to have a certain premium than other banks, so we generally compare all agricultural comptoirs horizontally.
Largely, on the other hand, the main area of business is directly owned, which is quite different from the average agricultural comptoir, so we compare it horizontally with all listed banks. By pb (mrq) and by roe 2021, rural farmers figure 17: valuation of listed banks
We calculated the company's reasonable valuation using absolute and relative valuation methods, but the valuation was calculated on the basis of more assumptions, in particular the assumptions about the company's discount rate and the rate of perpetuity growth, and its selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies, all of which included a number of subjective judgements:
(1) There are a large number of investors in the market, with varying investment terms, financial costs, opportunity costs, etc., so each investor may have its own margin of appreciation for discount rates, which may result in a market ' s unanimous judgement of the value of the company ' s internal value not being consistent with the conclusions we have drawn. We did a sensitivity analysis, but we did it.
Sensitivity analysis is not necessarily a comprehensive reflection of all investors' value for discount rates; (2) our assumption of a company's constant growth rate is subjective. We have conducted a sensitivity analysis, but the real situation is likely to fall outside of the sensitivity analysis:
(3) The risk of fluctuations in the overall valuation of the market may not be fully taken into account in the relative valuation, i.e., the change in Beta. Because of the current low overall valuation of the bank plate, there is a risk that the industry as a whole will be undervalued in the relative valuation method, resulting in an undervalued valuation of corporate horizontal comparisons.
Uncertainties about the future profitability of companies arise mainly from two factors: first, because of the high volatility of market interest rates and the fact that banks themselves adjust the configuration of their asset liabilities to market interest rate fluctuations in terms of the type, duration, etc., which exacerbates the impact of market interest rate fluctuations; and, second, because of the determination of non-performing loans and the corresponding provision for the transfer of silver,
There is more room for subjective regulation of our own, and this may lead to a much different reality from what we assume. For possible deviations from the net difference, we have conducted a sensitivity analysis before, and for possible deviations in the quality of assets, we have taken a cautious assumption.
Companies are subject to strict regulation in their industries, and their operations are heavily influenced by macroeconomic and monetary policies. If there is a larger adjustment in future industry regulation, monetary policy, etc., it may have an impact on their operations.
Banks are engaged in high-risk operations, including credit risk, interest rate risk, and liquidity risk. Changes in the macro, interest rate environment can have a negative impact on the company’s financial data.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author