Larger shares, rising performance, continued growth of fluorinated polymers and new materials, significant increases in profitability over the same period last year, significant cost advantages for fluorinated raw materials, and a number of subsequent ongoing projects.
In the first half of 2021, operating income was $8,184 million, or 644.15 per cent. In the second quarter, operating income was $4,587 million, or 24.68 per cent, in the second quarter and $92 million in the second quarter.
Product prices have risen overall, and the fluorinated raw materials have risen considerably. The global economy has recovered from last year’s low base, with a strong recovery in the domestic economy, demand for fluorinated products has expanded, product prices have risen on a full-scale basis, but structural fragmentation has become more pronounced, with fluorinated raw materials, fluorinated polymers, etc.
The prices of fluorinated fine chemicals increased by the same amount. Of these, the prices of fluorinated feedstocks increased by 71.77 per cent over the same year, the prices of refrigerants by 10.90 per cent over the same year, the prices of fluorinated polymers by 28.10 per cent over the same year, and the prices of fluorinated fine chemicals by 12.20 per cent over the same year.
Low demand for refrigerants and the impact of “energy dual control” decreased by 10.40 per cent on the same year, raising profitability levels. 9.54 per cent on the same basis for the export of fluorinated raw materials, 15.79 per cent on the same basis for the export of refrigerants (20.20 per cent on the same basis for the export of hfcs), and outside of fluorinated polymers.
Sales grew by 2.88 per cent on the same date (51.74 per cent on the same date for fluorinated polymers), and by 19.80 per cent on the same date for fluorinated fine chemicals. We believe that the fluorinated industry has either hit the bottom of its business, and industry has sustained warming with lithium-based materials such as pvdf.
Several projects were completed in 2021, and pvdf project phase II (a) was piloted. The company currently has a number of ongoing projects, including 450,000 tonnes/year cm and 130,000 tonnes of technical adaptation projects, which will continue to be completed in 2021. In addition, based on the above-certified e interaction, the company is already in phase II (a) of Project 10kt/apvdf.
The remaining 13kt/ahcfc-142b master device, which is equipped with the pvdf device, has been put into operation.
The Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. is home to a warmer, more competitive position and maintains an increased rating.
Potential hfcs reduction options under the two-carbon policy have resulted in high volatility in product prices.