Incentives set high growth targets and showed great confidence.
27,272 million restricted shares, about 1.24 per cent of the total corporate equity at the time of the announcement, are expected to be amortized at $150 million. Unlocking conditions underscore management confidence that corporate performance is expected to continue at a high rate of growth \triangleright
The company’s performance targets, which are a strong reflection of its confidence in future development, represent a comparison of the Unit’s annual costs of $21.06 million, $10.01 million and $19.39 million, respectively, with the confirmed costs concentrated in 2021.
Incentives cover a wide range of corporate core assets, and the incentive targets are mainly the Vice-President, the Managing Director of the Treasury, and the other 1940 core cadres. On a physical note, the share awarded to the two executives was only 1.32%, while the remaining 2691.27 shares were awarded to the other 1940 nuclears.
Bones, involving a full core of people such as hardware and software development, business managers, project managers, market managers, finance, and legal affairs, as an artificial intelligence software development enterprise, are core assets of companies that maintain high growth.
The main core, the track, has achieved great success at the regional level of the education plate because of casework, with orders at the end and end of the block increasing by 175% and 40% respectively; the medical plate receiving 655% of the same annual collection; the consumer plate running its smart, recorded pens and smart tws headphones in September; and the company's share of purchase orders increased by 119% in the first half of the year, benefiting from the same amount.
The company’s top firm, which is consistently expected to have an average of 115.19 times its average value in 2020, maintains a “recommended” rating. Government orders are not as high as expected; the market for new products is not as popular as expected; and the disease of the new crown is not being controlled as expected.
In 2019, he joined the Institute of Civil Securities and the Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade as a Master of Financial Sciences.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.