q2 performance recovered well, with the dominant track accelerating commercial size of $4,449 million, an increase of 286 per cent in the same year, and operating income of $2,940 million in the first quarter of 2020q2, an increase of 29.54 per cent in the same year. 2020h1 achieved net return profit of $258 million, an increase of 36.28 per cent in the same year.
The net profit from the non-mortality of $0.07 billion is a 76.53 per cent decline in the same year, while the income and net profit achieved in the first quarter of 2020q2 are both well-recovering, and we believe that the company is gradually accelerating its size and growth in the future.
Revenue profits q2 showed a recovery, and the impact of the epidemic diminished: the company achieved an operating income increase of 29.54 per cent in the single quarter of 2020q2 and a decline of 29.06 per cent in the same quarter of the year of q1.
Billion dollars. We can see that corporate income and net profits have improved significantly in q2, showing a good recovery. Especially at the end of net profits, after the first single-quarter loss since q1 came to the market, the public sector has returned to positive growth in net profits in q2 and is expected to boost market confidence.
In terms of orders and needs, q1 is largely affected by the epidemic, while demand for consumer products such as translator at endc has stagnated, while at endb there have been delays in bidding in areas such as education, politics and law, as well as in on-site delivery, which has affected the recognition of orders and revenues.
After the online bidding resumed in March, the company added a new winning contract for the same month by 91% and a new winning contract for 2020h1 by 119%. On the other hand, corporate intelligence hardware products grew by more than 40% in total sales during the 618s, with the exception of translator machines.
With growth of more than 140%, demand at endc is recovering rapidly. With a two-wheel-drive recovery of 2b, 2c, the impact of the epidemic is diminishing, and companies are expected to return to rapid growth.
On the one hand, in the first six months of corporate education, more regional solutions have been introduced, which have partially reduced the company ' s combined Māori rate. On the other hand, public 1.
In the first half of the year, IT engineering grew by 16%, the IT engineering rate was only 25%, and the techno-enabling melody - industrial Internet depth was around, which also structurally influenced the performance of the combined Māori ratio.
Recovering, including personalized learning manuals for the education track, and growing sales of smart hardware products, 2. Huaanian Securities — Industry Research — Computer Industry — Deep, we believe that corporate Māori rates will remain stable in reasonable areas without the risk of a significant decline.
At the cost end, the company's sales cost of 2020h1 was 18.76 per cent, a decrease of 2.1 pct compared to the previous year;
Considering that corporate costs are generally well regulated, especially in the light of the impact of the epidemic, and are able to control sales and management, report that one of the leaders is back on board, that the cost of business is rising less than the revenue, and that it is benefiting from changes in internal management systems, such as incremental performance management.
On the other hand, corporate R & D investment continues to grow, and we believe that R & D investment by technology firms is an important manifestation of the construction of the moat and long-term benefits for companies.
In our previous in-depth study, we explored the way in which the company's strategy phase 2.0 was structured in the niche track, and we believe that the company's business in strategy phase 2.0 will be more focused and on the niche track.
The closing of the “data-arithmetic-products” built up a competitive advantage of the “new needs-and-substantiation” that produced stick cases, application effectiveness, standardized products, and led to the commercial scale of the company’s core technology.In the case of 2020h1, the education track achieved a revenue of 1,397 million yuan, an increase of 34.44 per cent.
Medical track yields 74 million yuan, an increase of 664% over the same period, both of which are the main drivers of growth in performance in the first half of the year. We believe that corporate advantage paths are accelerating the commercial process of scale: 1) Smart classroom solutions: smart classroom products at the end of the corporate education field are moving to the regional level.
Billions of regional orders, followed this year by hundreds of millions of orders from Kunming Five-hwa District, An Quantico Lake County. The purchase of educational information orders is now being carried out from individual schools to the regional level, which we believe will facilitate replication and dissemination of information based on prior-period examples of poles, applications, etc.
In the first half of the year, according to the company exchange, the number of new orders in the field of education grew by 170 per cent over the same period.
Individualized learning manuals for the market, as well as tactile learning machines for the orientation of the training market. Individual learning manuals have been launched in the first half of the year, targeting more than a thousand secondary schools throughout the country.
So, after constant grinding, two new items continued to be released in 2020, covering a full K12 section and a customized version for middle- and high-test candidates. We believe that corporate personalized learning books and learning machines are important drivers of future growth in education.
In addition, the company has accumulated teaching data both within and outside the classroom of large numbers of students, changes in data-driven algorithms that are expected to be scaled from personalized learning manuals and learning machines in the future.
The first level of medical care has gradually begun to be piloted and applied in Tibet, Inner Mongolia, Qinghai, Beijing, Xinjiang, Heilongjiang, Zhejiang, etc., moving from Anhui to the whole country.
Level medical institutions are in operation. We believe that the intellectual assistant responds to the policy trend of graded consultations, while, with the epidemic being pushed, capital spending on medical information is expected to increase, and the company ' s medical track is fast moving. 4) Consumer operations: affected by the epidemic, the company ' s translator products have dropped more in the first half of the year, but
Other smart hardware products have grown in reverse sales. In 2020, the C.S.S.S.S.C.C. products won the top 22 of its three platforms, Kyoto, Skycat, Sonings, and Sonings.
The sales of smart hardware, other than translator machines, increased by more than 140% the same year. Smart law business: the first half of the year was subject to a high standard of control over the outbreak in the system of law enforcement, the pace of order-making and enforcement in the field of law was significantly affected, and corporate law business lost revenue in the first half of the year.
52%. Throughout the year, we believe that, with the easing of the epidemic, corporate law products are expected to accelerate their scaling up. The company is expected to achieve a positive increase in revenue from law and order operations throughout the year, thanks to its leading role in the political and legal track, as well as the success of the previous landmark case.
The company’s performance in 2020q2 is recovering, and the dominant track continues to grow fast. We see that the Department is moving away from the project-based, customized business model in phase 2.0 of artificial intelligence to a two-wheel drive of 2b and 2c, producing standardized products and realizing the scale of artificial intelligence technology.
In conjunction with the rapid growth in the first half of the year in the field of corporate education and health care, we have increased the number of domestic and foreign epidemics, limited business activity and less demand for orders; 2) government investment in education and health care has fallen short of expectations;
3) Consumer product recognition and diffusion have had less than expected; 4) industrial competition has increased and firms have gradually reduced their pre-emptive advantage; use of legally compliant information, independent and objective production of this report, the data and information used in this report have come from open information in the market, and I have written these letters.
The information and comments in the report are for information only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, accepted directly or indirectly for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.