The performance of the computer, 002230, was in line with expectations, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre was well placed in the fields of education and health.
• Summary of performance: 2020h1, the company achieved operating income of $4.35 billion, an increase of 2.9 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother is $260 million, an increase of 36.3 per cent in the same year; negative income growth and cost-control effects are evident.
The growth in corporate revenue cut-off during the q2 period led to an overall increase in revenue in the first half of the year, mainly because of the accelerated landing of the company’s industries after March. The value of the new winning contract in March was 91% higher than in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, there was a significant increase in corporate intelligence education and smart medicine, with a modest change in the rate of cost management compared to the same period last year, and a 2.8 pp increase in the rate of R & D. • The company further increased its R & D investment, and the technology in multiple fields continued to be an international leader. In January 2020, the company continued to lead the international effort.
In Germany, the 20bn-jesterdaset hand gestures were identified with 97.26% accuracy and won three consecutive crowns, followed by a multistep reading and understanding assessment of hotpotqa, and comprehensively updated all the indicators, laying the foundation for a deeper semantic understanding; in June, the company in icfhr
In 2020, the mathematical formula was identified as the champion with a significant advantage. Companies are making breakthroughs in the core technical areas of smart language, sound, computer visualization, cognitive intelligence, etc., and maintaining international leadership, further reinforcing the company’s technical barriers and leading edges in education, consumers, health care, etc.
In the first place, the core items have been sold continuously, with the impact of the epidemic showing a negative growth of 40 per cent over the same year as the overall increase in sales;
The share of revenues rose further, reaching 37.59 per cent.1 The company is a leading domestic firm in the field of smart voice and artificial intelligence, and was founded in 1999 as a well-known firm in the Asian-Pacific region that has been listed in the field of artificial intelligence.
Long-term research on core technologies such as speech and language, natural language understanding, machine learning reasoning and self-learning, and active promotion of artificial intelligence product development and industry applications. Science and Technology has adhered to the Platform+Trail development strategy. In 2010, the company launched the Open Platform for Artificial Intelligence, a platform centred on smart voice and human machine interaction, and launched a platform based on the platform.
Tob+toc is a two-wheel drive to expand the industry track and promote deep applications in such areas as consumers, smart education, smart cities, smart justice, smart services, smart cars, smart medicine, operators, etc. The company has twice won the National Science and Technology Progress Award and China's Information Industry Autonomous Innovations Award for Major Technology Innovations, which is a voice-driven combination.
The strategic advantage of Platform Plus Track is that business income is growing steadily, and profits are entering an accelerated release period. In 2015-2019, corporate business income grew from $2.5 billion to $10.8 billion, with an annual compound growth rate of about 41.7%; 2019 of this growth rate.
The growth rate of 17.8 per cent is 17.8 per cent annually, with 51.1 per cent growth in 2019 year-on-year, which for the first time exceeded the growth rate of the harvest, mainly because the company concentrated its resources and energy on the company's dominant track, based on the Platform Plus track strategy, and reduced its input into the undefined profit model, thereby allowing commercial applications to fall faster. In the first half of 2020, q1 was affected by the epidemic.
Restricted sales and on-site delivery have significantly delayed the implementation, delivery, and acceptance of a quarter of the project, thus affecting the pace of revenue realization. There has been a significant decline in operating income and net profit growth for 2020q1 with 28% and 229% respectively.
The company ' s operations were accelerated, with a 91 per cent increase in the value of the new winning contract in March for the sales board, which was tasked with marketing the company, and a 119 per cent increase in the value of the new winning contract in the first half of the year. In 2020h1, the company continued to achieve a double-growth of revenue and net profit performance, with operating income of $4.35 billion, or 2.9 per cent, and a net return of 260 million yuan, or 36.3 per cent.
In terms of revenue structure, in 2019, the company ' s open platform and consumer business completed revenue of 32.6 billion yuan, an increase of 16.5 per cent in the same year, and business income of 24.8 per cent; the smart city completed revenue of 2.08 billion yuan, an increase of 22.7 per cent in the same year; and, in addition, automobiles and smart services accounted for 3.7 per cent, 2.9 per cent and less, but are now industry-friendly.
In 2020h1, the intellectual medicine industry in corporate intelligence education and other business sections grew by 35% and 665% respectively, with 32% in education and 32% in education, and the increase in income in education was mainly due to the expansion of education operations; and revenues in law and order and automobiles fell in terms of the impact of the epidemic.
Up to 5.1 per cent and 2.4 per cent The company ' s R & D investment is growing rapidly, with a short-term burden of net profits for one quarter. 1) In terms of profit margins: in 2019, the company ' s Māori ratio was 46.0 per cent, a decrease of 4.0 pp from the same year; the net interest rate was 9.4 per cent from the same year, an increase of 1.6 pp from the same year. In the first half of 2020, the company gross
Each year, the cost of corporate sales was 17.7 per cent, a decrease of 4.1 pp from the same year; the management cost was 7.0 per cent, a decrease of 5.0 pp from the same year; and it was assumed that the sales committee, which had been entrusted with marketing tasks in March, would accelerate the downfall of the company's operations after March 2020 by a new contract award of 91 per cent from the same date and 119 per cent from the same date in the first half of the year.
In the second half of the year, it is expected that the epidemic will not have a significant impact on the company’s long-term operational needs, and that it will not have a significant impact on its performance throughout the year. Assuming that revenues from smart medical operations in the corporate education sector and other major businesses will be realized in 2020h1, respectively
35% growth and 665% growth. We expect that in 2020, the companies will continue to grow at a high rate; they will enjoy high-quality track dividends over the next three years, contributing more revenue to the company, with a rising share.
51.9 per cent, 40.6 per cent, we anticipate that the decline in both operations in the first half of the year will have a small impact on income throughout the year, assuming that, with the rapid growth of high Māori-rate operations in the field of education, smart medicine and higher income ratios, we anticipate structural optimization of corporate Māori rates over the next three years.
Given that the company is a domestic leader in smart voice and artificial intelligence, the company's artificial intelligence is entering a performance period, and operations in the education and medical fields are in a boom-up period, covering for the first time, with the “possession” of macroeconomic downsides leading to underinvestment in education, health, etc.; product extension is not as high as expected; industry competition is taking place.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.