Quarterly assessment of the Bank of Peace: high performance growth and overall improvement in asset quality indicators Events: Quarterly report issued by Bank of Peace, operating income of $41,788 million a quarter, negative loan rate of 1.1 per cent by the end of the quarter, 0.08 percentage points lower than at the end of the previous year, provision made
Performance increases at a sharp rate, providing for anti-feeding profits. The higher rate of profit in the first quarter, which is 18.53 per cent on a year-on-year basis, is not due to base effects (14.8 per cent on a year-on-year net profit and 14.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with negative growth in the profits of listed banks starting in the second quarter of last year), but to asset quality.
We believe that the current quality of the Bank’s assets is good and adequate, and that it is expected to maintain a faster pace of performance throughout the year 2021. With the 2020 risk clean-up, the asset quality indicators have improved across the quarter.
The risk is more thoroughly cleared by the reconciliation of the financial return statement and by increasing write-off and impairment losses. Total equity/flow (millions of shares) improved asset quality indicators across the board at the end of the first quarter of 2021, with negative balances and non-performing loan rates prolonged
Total market value/flow (million yuan) has continued to double down in the last quarter, with a negative rate of 1.1 per cent, down by 8 bp from the end of the last quarter.
The poor rate was almost the same as at the end of the last quarter (+1bp), down 42bp from last year’s epidemic, and the negative ratio of new loans and credit card loans was reduced.
Retail transformation continues, liabilities are optimized, and individual mortgage lending is growing faster.
The average increase of 18.5% is a 1.2% increase in personal deposits. The private sector aum has overdone its system of medium-sized management, but it is still some distance from the “red line” that gives rise to a comparative advantage.
Good public works, better structured. A number of indicators continue to improve, guided by the "3+2+1" strategy. The structure of public operating liabilities continues to be optimized, and the current ratio continues to rise.
The performance is expected to increase further as the economy improves steadily and the pressure on profit is reduced. “buy-in” ratings are maintained.
Profit projections and financial indicators: Quick Performance Growth and Overall Improvement of Asset Quality Indicators: Quick Performance Growth and Overall Improvement of Asset Quality Indicators
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report