Quarterly report 2021: excellent performance and further consolidation of asset quality Description of events: company quarterly report 2021, q1 achieving operating income of $41.79 billion, or 10.2 per cent; net profit of $10.13 billion, or 18.5 per cent; annual weighted average net asset return of 12.28 per cent, or the same ratio
At the end of 21 years, total corporate assets and loans and advances were set at + 2.3 per cent, + 4.2 per cent, liabilities and receiving deposits at the end of last year + 2.3 per cent, + 2.5 per cent, and asset liabilities expanded steadily. 21q1 net interest income and non-interest income were 29.7 billion yuan and $12.02 billion, respectively, compared to the previous year.
q1 cost-earnings ratio is 28.12%, an increase of 0.18 percentage points. The net profits of companies have increased at the highest rate since 2015, with the net profit margin level remaining stable and the asset liability structure optimized. 21q1 companies have net interest differentials of 2.87%, which are basically equal,
The average cost of the deposits was 2.06%, a 0.36 percentage point decline in the same year, and the cost of the deposits was continuously optimized. The balance of the company ' s current deposits was 9.31% of the deposits, the ring was 0.25 percentage points higher than at the end of 20q4, individual loans accounted for $16.7 billion in impairment of credit and other assets, compared with +4.8%, and the company maintained a larger asset reduction.
Retail transformation has shown good momentum, and has done well for public commitment. Corporate retailing continues to follow the strategic layout of “3+2+1” and is fully engaged in the development of the three business segments of “basic retailing, private sector wealth, consumer finance,” which are integrated in groups.
With financial contributions and technological and technological empowerment, the development banks continue to deepen their access to innovative clients, and the core indicators continue to sustain rapid growth, with retail sales aum 2.8 trillion yuan, ring 20q4 + 6.8 per cent, and wealth clients 0.99 million households, +9.2 per cent.
The “aum+lum+ platform” business model, which insists on doing well, has seen a good growth in the three pillars of business banking, trading banks, and integrated financial-related indicators.
For the first time, coverage gave a “buy-in” rating. Corporate revenue in q1 increased in double digits, profitability increased significantly, non-interest income ratios increased, the size of asset liabilities expanded steadily, asset quality tightened further, companies achieved stage-by-stage results in smart retail banking transitions, and transitions deepened, and public performance advanced, promising progress within the industry.
Li Yunyu, our company has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business approved by the CSRC.
Activities related to information, analysis, prediction or recommendation, and direct or indirect charging of services.As a result of the data used, the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks to be unique.