Higher than expected growth due to asset quality! Events: IQBK operating revenue of $41.788 billion in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of 10.2 per cent in the same year; net gains of trillion dollars, an increase of 2.3 per cent from the beginning of the period; net assets belonging to ordinary shareholders of the Bank, $30,267.3 billion, a change of period
The research assistant, Toccholl, has outperformed market expectations, and has outperformed our earlier expectations.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: Peace Bank's net profits are expected to grow by 18.5% over the quarter, and the core is bright.
The point is that the spread of interest is strong and the quality of assets is improving rapidly. We measure a significant reduction in the rate of new production failure, pushing it down to 1.10 per cent at the end of the quarter to reach its lowest level since 2014, while also showing a bright spot, with a strong increase in demand deposits and a drop in personal high-cost deposits, driving the negative side.
Debt costs continue to fall, ensuring the resilience of net interest differentials. We've been moving up the bank 2021 and 2022 to build assets and liabilities: steady scale growth, small adjustment in retail credit structure, strong growth in demand deposits at the end of the quarter: 2.3% increase in total asset rings, major increase in credit contributions, total lending
Medium, retail and public loans are growing at a balanced rate, with retail lending balances remaining at 60% at the end of the quarter. Zero-sale lending structure is further focused on low-risk preferred businesses, with licensed mortgages in major products, loan and automobile finance growing by 11.0% and 6.8%, respectively, leading the increase; the new loan ring is small.
The risk return ratio remains the main strategy for retail credit. In addition, the housing mortgage loan ring has increased by 4.2%, and in fact, the concentration of mortgage lending by the safe bank is adequate. It currently accounts for a strong 7.8% increase in the total loan portfolio, and we measure the share of current deposits in total deposits as compared to the beginning of the period.
An increase of 1.8 pct to 36.8%, with savings structure optimized to drive down costs. We have mentioned several times earlier that regulation of high-cost deposit products since May 2020 has been strictly regulated to curb the vicious competition of deposits and has helped to facilitate the return of deposits to large and medium-sized banks with well-resourced clients.
Deposits make a significant contribution, with a strong growth rate of 8.6%, and we judge that we benefit from the group’s integrated financial features of a public business model that efficiently settles low-cost current deposits.
Annual report: Four quarters of strong profits have been sustained by declining savings costs. 43 per cent rebounded and the negative rate fell to almost six years.
In the quarterly report, the Bank adjusted its financial calibre by recategorizing credit card instalments to interest net income (previously recorded as fee income) without affecting the substance of its operations, but changing the net difference in interest earned and interest earned.
Indicators such as assets, fees, etc., have been adjusted retroactively for 2020 and 2019.
1 end of asset: i) corporate loans are not affected by financial calculus adjustments, yielding 4.09 per cent in the quarter, which is the mid-year rating: profit falls by 11 per cent and weighted average interest rates for such loans fall by 73bp compared to the year 2020.ii) individual loans are subject to financial calculus.
The impact of the adjustment was significant, with credit card instalments being credited to interest income, increasing the return on retail loans by 202001 by 7.85 per cent, and the return on personal loans by 14 bp more than in the fourth quarter, mainly as a result of a further shift in the retail lending structure towards products such as low-risk preferred mortgages, and further optimization of the guest group structure.
At the end of the 2nd end of the liability: 32bp at the lower end of the year, and 3bp at the lower end of the 2020o4 ring. Of this, the cost ratio of corporate debt versus bond issuance is stable, with the core bright spot being a further downswing in the cost of deposits, benefiting from the above-mentioned optimization of the deposit structure.
Cost controls have been effective, with deposit rates going down 4bp further than 2020o4, with the personal time deposit cost ratio falling 19bp significantly, benefiting from the pressure of high-cost deposits. Looking to the city, we judge that the safe bank net difference will still be in the lead.
There is still room for further improvement in the ratio of end-of-life deposits, and the issue of higher cost of liabilities will be further improved. ▪ Non-interest income: 14.5% increase in the year-on-year, with a significant 20.7% increase in net revenue from fees and commissions, and wealth.
The growth in high fees was driven mainly by wealth management, which generated 2,538 million yuan in revenue per quarter, a significant increase of 50.2 per cent over the previous quarter, with sub-funds, surrogate insurance, surrogate revenue, 289.7 per cent over the same period, and expenditure at the end: the cost-income ratio was stable, credit impairments increased only marginally and net profits increased at a higher rate.
The first quarter cost-earning ratio of the Bank of Peace was 28.12 per cent, an increase of 18bp over the previous year, in which the cost-earning of retail operations was noticeably reduced by 2.8 pct over the same period, reflecting the effectiveness of cost control under the “digitized drive” strategy, and the projected cost-recovery rate for public operations was significantly slower (19.1 per cent across the year 2020), driving the Bank of Peace to increase its net profit for the first quarter of the year on a year-on-year basis.
18.5% outpaced the average net profit growth rate of 1.5% in the banking sector.
Deep core logic is a rapid improvement in asset quality. In terms of static indicators, the negative third consecutive quarter is a “double drop” and the negative rate at the end of the quarter is further down from 8bp to 1.10 per cent at the beginning of the year, reaching its lowest level since 2014, while concern is also expressed about the “double drop” in class loans, which is 5bp to 1.06 per cent lower than at the beginning of the period.
The negative rates ranged from 1 bp to 1.14 per cent at the beginning of the year, and from 21 bp to 1.03 per cent at the end of the year, and, more importantly, the core asset quality dynamic indicators improved rapidly. We added to the write-off and recovery of the non-performing loans and, due to the new generation of poor and rapid downfalls, the provision coverage naturally went up the road and established the “set-up-tighten” at the end of the quarter.
The return of production continues the trend of “full consolidation of the quality of assets both inside and outside the matrix.” With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC), Le Wu Wu Securities Company Ltd. already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board