Quite a number of things, with outstanding performances, Queen's Bank's one-quarter performance expectations, company wealth management continued to be robust, with hard core indicators, savings cost control demonstrated, and asset quality underlying and off-the-shelf foundations consolidated by companies and groups.
Performance exceeded expectations, fee income continued to rise, multiple flowering, excellent performance, 1 quarter net profit for the Bank of Peace increased by 18.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, exceeding the market and our expectations, and the speed of the increase was projected.
The company’s profits increased by 10% from the year before the first quarter, but the asset quality performance was good, the stress of the provision was reduced by a significant increase in the positive contribution to performance, and the net profit of the first quarter was boosted by a significant increase over the 2020 rate (2.6%).
Net revenue from fees increased by 2.4 percentage points to 20.7 per cent compared to 2020 (+18.3 per cent, yoy) and benefited mainly from wealth management operations, credit card operations, quarterly balance of interest on public settlement operations and treasury management operations, and the effectiveness of the debt cost control strategy
The 1-quarter interest spread ring was 2.87 per cent equal to the 4-quarter rate in 2020, a 1-bp drop in the same year, a difference that was better than market expectations and largely benefited from an improvement in the cost of the end of the liability. The 1-quarter cost end of the liability was 3 bp below the end, and the asset end rate was hedged. The company launched a new rate of return in 2020.
The three-year strategic initiative raises the cost of liabilities to a strategic level across the world, specifically by strengthening price-fixing, actively reducing high-cost deposits and using the “financial plus technology” advantage to expand low-cost deposits. The cost ratio of a company's first-quarter deposit rate dropped by 4bp to 2.06%, with individuals and businesses making deposits.
9bp and 3bp, respectively, below this ratio. The quality of assets inside and outside the table continues to be optimized, and the rate of negative generation slows down.
1.10 per cent; loans of concern 1.06 per cent, a decrease of 0.05 percentage points from the end of the previous year. The company ' s negative generation pressure was reduced during the first quarter, and the annual negative growth rate of 0.86 per cent, compared to the previous quarter, was 1.6 percentage points lower than in the fourth quarter of 2020.
In view of the continuing good performance of the company's fundamentals, we have moved the company forward from Ps in 2021/2022 to “Bank of Peace: Lightning, Optimizing the kernel” 202,1022.
As a result of the downside of the economy, the quality of assets deteriorated beyond expectations and regulatory controls exceeded expectations.
The Bank publishes the first quarterly report for 2020, with a total of 1 quarter net profit of +18.53 per cent (vs 2020 + 2.60 per cent). Operating income is equal to +10.18 per cent, with a net interest gap of 2.87 per cent (1bp, yoy), net interest income is equal to +8.51 per cent, and net fees revenue is equal to +20.69 per cent. Cost collection performance is higher than expected and fees revenue continues to increase.
The first quarter net profit of the Bank of Peace increased by 18.5% on a year-on-year basis, exceeding the market and our expectations, and is expected to be the industry’s leader. Against a background of the same-year balance and a fast increase in non-interest income, the company’s first quarter recorded a 10.2% increase in revenue on a year-on-year basis, slightly lower than in 2020 (11.3%, yoy) but better than the market forecast.
Yearly, net profits increased by almost 16 percentage points from the year 2020 (2.6%) to the quarter of the year. In terms of revenue from the scrapping of the main business, inter-firm business performance was impressive, and net non-interest income continued to rise rapidly in the quarter (+14.5%, yoy), leading to a further increase in the net non-interest income as a percentage of the revenue collected to 28.8%, with net fees rising by 2.4 percentage points in the year 2020 (+18.3%, yoy) compared to the year 2020 (+18.3%, yoy).
In the context of the continuous increase in the contribution of private corporate wealth to fee income, the increase in the number of wealth clients in the first quarter, the number of private clients in the first quarter, and the number of private clients in the first quarter, aum, aum, aum, aure at the end of the previous year, 9.1 per cent, 9.2 per cent, the increase in fees in the first quarter of wealth management operations (including agency funds, insurance, finance) was 50.2 per cent over the same period, and the increase in the share of fees in the first quarter to 23.6 per cent was 8.51 per cent over the same period.
The rate of growth was slower than in 2020 (10.8 per cent) and the rate of net revenue growth was more or less equal than the rate of interest spreads. The marginal changes in the rate of expansion were associated with more robust corporate business development and capital constraints (a core-level capital adequacy rate of 8.67 per cent at the end of the quarter).
The success of the cost-of-liability strategy is demonstrated by a flat interest-rate ratio of one quarter, with a decrease of 1 bp to 2.87 per cent in the rate-on-year ratio of the Bank of Peace, which is flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2020 and performing better than market expectations, mainly benefiting from the downside of the cost of the end of the liability and 3 bp below the end-of-the-quarter end-cost ratio of the end-of-the-life ratio of one quarter, against the downside of the asset end-rate rate of return of the company by 2020.
A new three-year strategic initiative was launched each year to raise the cost control of liabilities to the level of a corporate strategy, specifically through improved pricing management, the proactive reduction of high-cost deposits, and the use of the “financial plus technology” advantage to expand low-cost deposits. Companies’ interest-paying debt cost ratio was 4bp below the cost ratio of 4bp to 2.06% below the cost ratio of 4bp to 2.06% below the cost ratio of individual and enterprise deposits, respectively; and individuals in particular, were given a lower cost ratio of 9bp and 3bp below the cost ratio of individual and enterprise deposits.
At the end of the asset, the end of the asset is 3 bp to 5.03% below the end of the asset end, and the impact on individuals, on the Department’s initiative to optimize the lending structure and on the mortgage weight pricing factor. It should be noted that during the first quarter, the quality of public loan returns is continuously optimized over the bottom line and the quality of assets inside and outside the table is slowing down.
In the context of the accelerated liquidation of public risks, the rate at the end of the quarter was 8bp to 1.10% lower than at the end of last year. Specifically, the rate at the end of the quarter continued to decline by 0.21 percentage points to 1.24% compared to the end of last year; the rate at the end of the year was between 1bp and 1.14% for retail loans, and the impact of the high rate at the end of the year, mainly on the rate of credit cards, new loans, etc.
Down by the ring, we believe that the pressure on the quality of retail assets can be controlled as the economy improves and companies optimise retail structures. At the end of season 1, the annual negative rate of production of single-quarterized write-offs was 0.86%, a significant decrease of 1.6 percentage points compared to the fourth quarter of 2020, a decrease of 0.4 percentage points compared to the same period. At a slower rate of negative generation, the provision at the end of season was 245.2%, an increase of 44 percentage points compared to the end of the previous year; the lending ratio was increased by 44 percentage points.
2.69%, an increase of 32bp from the end of the previous year. It is worth mentioning that companies optimize the quality of off-the-shelf assets while making cash statements. Quarter one, Peacebanks outperform market expectations.
Core indicators, one quarter savings cost improvement is evident. By relying on corporate resource advantages, the company adheres to the strategy of “technology leadership, retail breakthroughs, public excellence” and the synergies with corporate integrated financial platforms are gradually emerging in a number of operations. Corporate core capital adequacy at the end of quarter 1 is 8.7%, and attention is paid to subsequent capital replenishments. Given the continuing positive trend in corporate fundamentals, we have revised the firm upwards in 2021/2022.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
In the event of an outbreak in 2020, supervision guided banks to give way to the real economy, and it is expected that the economic development of the enabling entity in 2021 will continue, but that if interest rate controls or the market supermarket of the enabling policy anticipates, or will affect, the bank’s profitability performance.