On April 20th, Peace Bank published its report for the first quarter of 2021, which began its full-scale transfer to retail banks in 2016.
A double-digit increase in the net profit earned and earned by the mother during the quarter. 1q20 harvests, pops, net profit earned by the mother 41,799 million, 29,633 million, 10,130 million, an increase of 10.2%, 10%, 18.5%, respectively.
Consolidated finance is a corporate feature, with an increase in the number of bank cards and low settlement fees affected by the epidemic during the same period last year. The net profit rate of 1q20 has clearly risen to an advantage, with companies depending on a large personal customer base and strong.
Losses on impairment of assets increased by 4.8 per cent in the same year and decreased by 18.8 pct in the same year. Brand influence, extensive distribution networks, and full aggregate net interest differentials were smoother and the cost of deposits continued to fall down. 1q21 net interest differentials of 2.87 per cent, with a 1bp drop in the same year and ring ratio, with a difference of 1 bp
Together with the financial product system, it's pushing for a full-scale retail transformation and a further reduction in the narrowness of the collection. At the end of the asset, interest-bearing asset returns have dropped by 3 bp to 5.03%, and we judge that the leading intelligent retail banks provide powerful nuclears.
At the end of the debt, interest-bearing liabilities have declined by 3 bp to 2.22% of the principal ratio, largely thanks to savings cost control. Since 2020, companies have been strengthening deposit pricing and actively reducing high-cost deposit products; and at the same time, using the advantage of “finance plus technology” to expand low-cost deposits, 1q21
The personal time deposit cost ratio dropped by 9bp and the deposit rate continued to fall down (from 4bp to 2.06%); asset quality continued to improve, and risk offset capacity continued to increase. At the end of the quarter, the balance of non-performing loans was $30.52 billion, which was consistently improving compared to the dynamic indicators at the end of last year. Specifically, the retail loan deficit rate was 1.14%, which was almost the same as at the end of last year, and credit card lending was not the same.
Relying on the Peace Group, which benefits from resources such as clients, technology, products, etc., is the result of the continuous growth in the number of clients and the contribution of high-quality, sticky customers. 2) In technology, the Group attaches great importance to science and technology, increasing its scientific and technological inputs and sharing the flow of b/h units (millions of shares)
In terms of products, the group has a significant financial advantage in providing one-stop financial products and services; under the cross-marketing model, it helps to increase customer stickyness. Retail transformation is strong, and private wealth is growing rapidly.
Retail operations have been transformed with strong enforcement and strategy; retail loans at the end of the quarter accounted for 60.1% of the total; companies have continued to be active in private wealth business, upgrading product systems and upgrading professional competencies. At the end of March, 6.25 million private sector clients, representing 9.1% more than at the end of the previous year; private sector clients aum, representing an increase of 9.2% to 1.23 trillion more than at the end of the previous year.
With 177 million, 78.8% more than in the same year, the Bank of Peace has a significant advantage in integrated finance, which has contributed to the emergence of multi-channel contacts, the ability of its clients to operate is expected to increase even further, and growth in the management of aum and wealth is expected.
At the same time, there is a strict control over incremental investments, targeting industries, customers, products, and focusing on light assets and light capital operations. “3+2+1” is a continuous push for public strategies, and strategic crowding has been effective, leading to a good increase in business demand deposits (8.6 per cent higher than at the end of the previous year).
The investment proposal is to increase the net profits of the Bank in the first quarter by double digits, improve the quality of assets, improve the balance sheet, and release space for future profits. On the operational side, the strategic direction for public retailing is clear, and the results are clear.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn Source of Eastern Finance and Sense: 1q 21 harvest, pop, net profit double-digit growth
Figure 2: Breakdown of the performance of the Bank of Peace 2020, 1q21 Table 1: Breaking of the performance of the Bank of Peace (cumulative year-on-year) Figure 3: Continuous improvement in the quality indicators of the Bank ' s assets
Figure 4: The Bank of Peace has increased its coverage by 43.8 pct to 245.2% from the end of the year.
Peace Bank (000001): Net profits are growing in double digits and asset quality continues to improve.
East Hing Securities Company reports Peace Bank (000001): Net profits are growing in double digits and asset quality is improving continuously
Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, United Kingdom. Years of experience in banking, career studies in gold securities, seaton securities, Skywind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.