Increased contribution of offshore operations and steady growth in capital
Performance has improved on a quarterly basis and the contribution of offshore operations has increased: 2025h1, corporate operating income has increased from +3.76% to +5% to +0.98%. Corporate performance has improved from +5% to +0.98%.
At one latitude, the cost of the liability is optimized to support interest differentials, and consumer lending continues: 2025h1, the net interest income of the company is the same as -14bp. The rate of return on interest-bearing assets is influenced by a downward adjustment of lpr, interest rate adjustments on stock mortgages and foreign currency reductions.
At the beginning of the year - 38bp, in which the rate of return on loans is 49bp; at the same time, the optimal cost of the liability forms part of the difference between interest and interest.
Of these, aum+8.28% are private. Other non-interest income is the same as +42.02%, mainly due to exchange rate gains, valuables, poor rates of interest, +13bp, +33bp, +20bp, unfavourable credit card size compression. Corporations provide a copy of the investment proposal: companies are state-owned companies with a high degree of globalisation.
We maintain a “recommended” rating, Bvps score from 2025-2027, figure 1: China's bank revenues, net profits, and speed of increase.
Figure 2: Bank of China Roe Figure 3: Net Bank Interest Income and Growth Rate in China Figure 4: Net Interest Differences and Negative Financial Gains/cost Rates in Bank of China
Figure 5: Size and acceleration of bank lending in China
Figure 9: Size and rate of increase in bank deposits in China Figure 10: Structure of bank deposits in China Figure 11: Non-interest, intermediate operating income and speed of increase in banks in China
Figure 12: Other non-interest income, investment returns and growth rates of banks in China: Figure 13: Size and increase of foreign property of banks in China: Figure 14: Size and increase of retail sales of aum by banks in China
Figure 15: Poor bank rates, loan accounts of concern in China Figure 16: Bank provision coverage in China Figure 17: Bank capital adequacy level in China
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.