Shanghai Airport (60009): Domestic landing profit bombs, Shanghai Airport, the company is China's three largest international hubs.
740 million. Of this figure, 300 million was lost in the second quarter, which was somewhat narrower than the 440 million lost in the first quarter.
There are assets such as terminal buildings and runways at Pudong Airport, operating in Pudong International Airport, operating management and ground security.
There was also a 16 per cent increase in 9.59 million cases over the same period. But the second quarter of the year saw only an increase in the number of operations in comparison with the first quarter, which combined with its own security features, led to the establishment of a safety management system of 8 per cent, which shows that domestic operations are relatively limited in profitability.
This includes security policies, risk management, security guarantees, security promotion, etc. The company has well-developed, full-scale innovation. International passenger vomiting is still at a low level, with the new tax-exempt agreement earning $221 million in the first half of the year: International
Mechanisms, regulation of transparent internal management, and efforts to provide the Middle and Outbound Brigades with routes that continue to maintain very low levels of throughput due to five one-way policies.
At the beginning of the year, the company signed a tax-free supplement with China to the Ten Major Services Initiative to upgrade the general uniforms at Pudong Airport, which resulted in an income of $221 million in the first half of the year, a significant difference over the pre-epidemiological period.
The sharp decline in tax-free income from the international airline’s shutdown was the main reason for the company’s loss. At the beginning of the year, we were more optimistic about this year’s vaccination situation, but with the emergence of a new coronary virus, the international epidemic could become permanent.
A step-by-step process, for which we have lowered our predictions of the volume of passengers on corporate international routes over the next two years, and adjusted the profit projections accordingly. Millions of dollars have risen significantly.
The company contributed $118 million, a significant increase from $16 million in the same period last year. In addition, the Shanghai and China I Investment Centre contributed $162 million (compared to -14 million in the same period last year) in the first half of the year.
The new lease guidelines have led to a reclassification of cost items and a stabilization of the total cost: under the new guidelines, some of the company's operating costs have been transferred to depreciation amortization and financial costs, resulting in significant changes in the cost items. However, before and after the adjustment, the total operating costs have been relatively stable, with an increase of 4.1 per cent this year compared to the same period last year.
Market shares are issued to purchase Rainbow Bridge, Logistics, and Pudong runways, which are owned by the Airports Group. A rough estimate of the increase in profits in excess of 1 billion dollars could result in a significant acceleration of the company’s course of loss.
In the long run, the company's position as China's largest international passenger entry on the tax-free chain is indissoluble. But in the short term, due to greater uncertainty about the epidemic, we were careful to maintain the company's “the source of financial prosperity in the East”
Shanghai Airport (60.009): Domestic landing and landing profits are limited, waiting for international routes to open up.
A Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, five years of experience in investing in research, who worked at the Open Securities Development Research Centre, analyzes his own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Shanghai Airport (60009): Domestic landing and landing profits are limited, waiting for the international route to be liberalized.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.