Materials! China Stone: 20q4 with bright performance, 21-year high elasticity period q4 with bright performance, with a high climate that will continue until 2021: 2020 with a growth rate of q1-q4 companies
Continued recovery, supported by the pre-year construction schedule, with a strong demand, with a diminished impact of the overseas epidemic and a gradual recovery of demand, while corporate strategies to raise the rate of city ownership have been effective and overall production and sales have increased.
Total equity/flow (million shares), while the company ' s ongoing new product development and inputs in wind and power have led to competition in wind and wind and wind, total market value/flow (millions)
(a) There was a great deal of competition, with the city’s share rising further throughout the year; and as the industry rose, companies entangled the direct veil in 2400tex, for example, with prices rising from 4400-4500 yuan/tonne at the end of September to about 5600-5,700 yuan/tonne at the end of the year, with prices now exceeding 6,000 yuan/tonne, with a marked increase;
At a time when the company had recognized relocation subsidies and asset disposal gains for the plant in the fourth quarter of the year, the e-clothing could be released gradually to boost performance elasticity: by 2020, the company would have achieved e-marketing.
The gap has passed, with 378 million metres at the start of the new round of growth, the highest in history, and with the eruption of the demand for pcb downstream, the price of the electronic veil has gone from three points to 2020/08/19.
At the end of the quarter, about 7900 yuan per ton had risen to about 14,800 yuan per ton, and the price of the electronic fabric had already been increased to 600176, China Stone: Seven yuan per ton. The second ton of electronic veils had been put into production in March 2021.
In the meantime, the company has adapted its third electronic veil extension plan, expanding it from 60,000 tons to 100,000 tons, and creating new electronic fabric production lines.
In order to meet the fast-growing demand of the 5g era, production is expected to start in 2022, when the company’s electricity capacity will be close to 300,000 tons, the product structure will be further optimized, and the company’s capacity will be released in a timely manner, fully benefiting the industry’s high profile and elasticity.
The q4 Māori rate has recovered rapidly, and the 21-year profit level will go further: the company ' s q4 Māori rate has risen and the price has risen to increase the Māori rate; in addition, it has become more automated as the company becomes a capital worker and the factory relocation line and the second 150,000 tons of smart manufacturing line has been put into operation.
Production lines have further improved production efficiency, with firm production costs falling steadily, with the company ' s Māori rate moving up in four quarters; from a net interest rate perspective, the company ' s net interest rate of q4 was 30.3 per cent, a record high, while costs for the period 2020 continued to be prominent due to the company ' s cost control capacity
pct, mainly due to a reduction in the cost of hiring intermediaries; on the other hand, out-of-business revenue increases corporate profits: we believe that a company ' s size advantages, product restructuring and fine management will make it more alpha-characteristic and more beneficial to the industry ' s up-to-date life cycle.
Stock turnover days have continued to decline, balance sheet stability: corporate commodity stock weeks at the end of the reporting period Further recovery of domestic demand, weakening of the impact of the overseas epidemic, continuing good demand, rapid decline in corporate production to good stocks, and we judge that the company ' s domestic product stock is now at a historically low level.
At the end of the reporting period, the corporate asset liability rate was about 50 per cent, the same production capacity was steadily expanding and the vanguard position was consolidated: the company had recently set on fire 26,000 tons of electronic gauze, while the 3150,000 tons of smart manufacturing lines were under construction and were expected to be in mid-2021.
At the same time, the company plans to build 150,000 tons of fibreglass short-cut wire, mainly for high-end products such as thermal plastic reconstruction materials, and to further adjust the product structure; it plans to upgrade its third electronic veil from 60,000 tons to 100,000 tons, with the construction of an electronic fabric production line: the company will also launch it.
The 40,000-ton technology change project and the 80,000-ton technology change project at the Egyptian base, which is expected to maintain an additional 200,000-300,000 tons per year in 21-22 years and further upgrade the industry supply and demand pattern, with 21-year high performance elasticity periods: ongoing improvements in supply and demand in the industry.
The stock continues to operate at low levels, with some manufacturers already paying close to $6,000 per ton of ordinary direct veils, up from the highest in recent years; while the price of electronic veils has reached $146-15,000 per ton, the price of mainstream electronic fabrics has risen to around $7.2 per metre, and the price of electronic veils has continued to increase the elasticity of the industry, as a result of the continued increase in the price of electronic veils.
The current high demand for electronics terminals and the expectation of price increases in the city after the electronic veil are still high; we believe that, because of the strong macroeconomic correlation between the demand for fibres and typical procyclical varieties, the current domestic economy is resilient and the recovery of the overseas economy is accelerating, and demand is expected to grow steadily; it is expected to grow from supply.
At the end of the spectrum, 21 years of new production capacity is limited, short-term capacity is not affected, supply and demand patterns are tight or will be sustained, with giant stones as the backbone of the industry, and 21 years of high prices and high performance elasticity.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report