Sales grew rapidly, with a net gain of 13 per cent over the same period.
\triangleright, 378 million metres in sales. Growth in revenue and net profits is mainly due to rapid growth in sales.
The base produces 130,000 tons of alkaline per year and 120,000 tons per year of a fibreless kiln line per year, with sales costs increasing by 52 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of increases in employee remuneration and storage rental costs during the reporting period. The financial costs of 480 million per cent, a 6 per cent decrease over the same period, are due mainly to lower financing costs and higher interest income.
As property is warmed up, the demand for fibres will continue to grow rapidly, and companies will continue to benefit as industry leaders. Downstream demand will grow rapidly, and prices for different varieties will enter the fast-growing path \triangleright \triangleright
According to the company ' s announcement, the total production of China ' s fibre optics in 2020 was 5.41 million tons, an increase of 2.6 per cent over the same period. In the third quarter of 2020, with the rapid growth of demand in the wind and wind power market and the gradual warming of demand in the areas of infrastructure, domestic electricity, electronics, etc., the supply and demand of the bovine market underwent a fundamental shift, with the price of different varieties of fibre optics entering a fast-growing path.
In terms of supply patterns, the concentration of the global fibre-optic industry has become more evident in the form of oligopolistic competition, with the combined annual production capacity of six fibre-optic producers, such as China's Great Stone, accounting for more than 75 per cent of the total production capacity of the global fibre-optic industry.
The annual production capacity of fibre-optic companies together accounts for more than 70% of the country’s production capacity. With higher heating and penetration rates, domestic demand for fibre-optics is expected to grow steadily.
According to company announcements, China's per capita annual consumption of fibre is much lower than that of developed-country consumers, with only one tenth of the currently mature and widely applied downstream areas in the United States, and the average growth in the fibre-optic industry is typically 1.5-2 times higher than that of the country's gdp. The main applications downstream are building materials, wind power, and wind power.
Automobiles, electronics, etc. According to a report published by the United States Federation of Fibre and Fibre Industries, Global Market Trends Forecasts and Opportunities Analysis for Fibrous Materials, total global consumption of fibre and fibre composites is expected to grow strongly over the next five years at an annual rate of 8.50 per cent, with a market share expected to reach $108 billion in 2022.
With regard to construction materials, the cumulative value of capital asset investment (in infrastructure) was 3.3 per cent (1.8 per cent in 2018) and capacity was 71,670 megawatts, an increase of 179 per cent in the same year. We found that the 19-year review of China's Stones (600176), with the completion of the construction and downstream applications, was reported as follows:
With the penetration rate rising, the country’s fibre optics are expected to grow steadily in the future. It has been reported that rising demand for the fibre optics will benefit the infrastructure and the country’s infrastructure and real estate growth rate will decline; and the penetration rate will slow down.
Summary of company financial statement data projections Yang Jian: Together with the Department of Chemicals of the University of Nanjing, University of Rutgers, United States of America, Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology, calculation of the direction of chemical and hydrocarbon resources), undergraduate specializing in geochemistry. Joined in October 2014 with the People ' s Biological Securities, industrial research on the direction of petrochemical, building materials, 2015.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.