RESEARCH Centre for Resource and Environmental Research (RCRE) Optimizing industry patterns, leading to significant benefits, and China's fibreglass Industry Association (CAFIA) published the “14th Five-Year Development Plan for the fibreglass Industry” (for comments)
Production guidelines address the concerns about rapid supply growth: the 14th Five-Year Development Plan requires strict control over the rapid growth of the total production capacity of the fabric, which increases the annual total production of the fabric at the same rate as that of the industry.
Controls are not higher than the three percentage points and above that year’s gdp increase. Normally, eight years after the production of the fibre line, cold repairs are required, with capacity increasing by about 20% each time.
The production of fibres is controlled during the 14th Five-Year Period and will benefit the industry's supply ends.
Many sectors of the national economy are usually considered to be growing at about 1.6 times the gdp rate.
The recovery has contributed to the growth of the demand for the fibres. Since China exports about 30% of the products, the cost advantages are high, and the expectation of a thick and thin-haired China’s circular policy and the expansion of domestic applications have helped to boost the long-term demand for the fibres.
The industry’s climate cycle has been maintained, and companies are expected to increase their prices: we expect an increase in domestic production of fibres in 2021, and we believe that the policy of fibre supply control and uplifting demand will make the current industry climate longer than in 2017-2018. In 2021, the company’s intelligence made electricity for phase 2 and its base.
At Dingsto's time, the company valued up to 27 x, and we expect the current cycle to be longer than the previous one, and the company valued it.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment