After that, the competitive advantage continues to deepen, and China's Great Stone is the world's leader in the fibre-optic industry.
Billions, 11.18 per cent and 13.49 per cent, respectively, achieved a gain of $0.69 per share. 22 per cent of the world’s total market share and the country’s industrial landscape, respectively, were confirmed, with a record high performance of 2020q4.
In September 2020, the e-saves were the first, benefiting from the weather, with a 28 per cent, 8 per cent and 54 per cent, respectively, increase in sales by 2020q4, ton sales and ton net profits.
The upswing of 2020q4 was a significant increase of 98.77% in net profit not attributable to the parent, the single-season performance improved with the industry’s climate The current “v-type” reverses, and the single-season non-returned net profit is at an all-time high.
Cost advantages and sales-globalized escort performance throughout the year. Throughout the first three quarters of 2020, under the pressure of both the low-winding valley and the impact of the epidemic, and despite the q4 drop point, the price of company fibres and products dropped by about 7% in 2020, benefiting from the export of smart line products.
By 2020, the share had increased, the company’s cost advantage had increased further, with a 4 per cent drop in ton cost, a 1.65 percentage point decline in the Māori rate and a rapid increase in the country’s fibre-optic market from the demand for wind powerers and the car’s thermal plastics market.
Long and strong pull, 2020q1 up the industry demand after the short shock of the epidemic, year-round better than overseas, and companies have accelerated production lines to meet domestic demand, allowing the Chengdu base to invest ahead of schedule b/h (millions of shares)
The second is to take advantage of the globalization of production and marketing to increase the market in the mainland in overseas factories, with domestic and overseas incomes at an all-time high and historically low, respectively. Corporate sales of fibre optics and products increased by 19%, sales outpaced production, q4 reversibility, and cost advantages continued to deepen and produce.
The elasticity of the former veil and the deepening of competitive edges. The epidemic, coupled with a wave of low-profile baptisms, has led to little will and capacity to expand small businesses in the industry, adding up to the stage of industrial differentiation.
The importance of cost advantages, product quality and technology is growing, and the Federation of the Fibre Industries, for the first time in its 14th Plan contribution, has identified quantitative growth targets for future industrial capacity, which we believe will be more stable and sustainable than the previous round.
As the world's largest champion, the company is expected to fully enjoy the booming season of the industry and continue to deepen its competitive edge, with the 3 million-ton line of Kiryu's intelligence ready to go into production, 2021-q3, and Egypt, with the 120,000-year line expected to recover 2022-h1, continue to enjoy the high state of the industry and contribute to a cost increase.
With an increase of 60,000 tons to 100,000 tons, the capacity to produce a basic synchronized reversion of the gauze, high-end products that are expected to benefit from the high demand for United States property each year, continue to improve. We believe that the atmosphere and the company's qualitys are 14801 190045.
This would provide certainty of performance, while deepening cost advantages, product sophistication, and internationalization would lead to long-term development, and the first step of the veil would be to dance with the cycle and growth. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: based on recent judgements about the industry’s climate and the above recommendations to companies.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's Great Stone (600176): the industry is not over yet, and the competitive advantage continues to deepen.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, China's Great Stone (600176).
The source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, the winner of Zhao's army, and the research assistant's brief.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China’s Great Stone (600176): the industry is not over, and the competitive advantage continues to deepen without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice contained in it. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.