China Stone (600176): Industry plays a role, looking at the long-term deepening of competitive advantage, China Stone
China’s Great Stone is the world’s leading industry, producing hundreds of millions of dollars, an increase of 200% to 250% over the same year.
In the middle of the season, 2021q1 showed strong performance elasticity. The significant increase in 2021q1 performance was due to two factors, i.e., one 34 per cent, and was ranked first. It was the low base of 2020q1 due to the effects of the epidemic, and the industry’s climate was rising exponentially.
2021q1 consists of a less spring season, but the company’s net profit ring is growing from the 2020 q4 season, and the climate is at an upswing stage, and the actual arrival of the top of the climate needs further follow-up judgement. Debt payments and cross-equity presentations:
The industry has done a great job. After 28 years of hard work, the company has gone beyond Owensconin to sit on the top of the world's largest bobble-collage, and the key to its success is a long-term focus on the original veil, on the nature of the bobble as an alternative material, and on a decades-long and dedicated scale to the cost advantage of downstream travel.
Products that offer the best value for money in the industry, leading to a steady increase in penetration of the alternative material, the fibre optics, fully reflect the role played by the industry as the world’s leader. In view of the long-term deepening of competitive advantages, the differential development phase continues to lead to progress in the industry.
Total equity/flowa shares (millions) have reached the stage of development, with increased importance of cost advantages, product quality and technology, corporate costs b/h shares (millions)
The advantage-leading industry, while maintaining its highest level of profitability at a higher value than the industry average, is continuously deepening its cost advantage through measures such as smart-line retrofitting and construction, and internal “upgrading” and so on. In the differential development phase, demand for high-end products such as wind power, thermal plastics and electronics has grown rapidly.
And as the ratio rises, companies are actively high-end in the distribution of high-end products, which is now more than 70%, wind, electricity markets have reached about 50%, e-button capacity targets are top industry targets, and as the scale of high-end products expands along with smart manufacturing, so will the company's cost competitiveness in high-end product markets.
More and more, it is hoped that the market for high-end fibre-optic applications, such as electronic cloths, will be driven down to the same cost as the veil, providing higher-end products for downstream customers that are more price-effective. The source of financial prosperity in the East.
China's Great Stone (600176): Industry assumes the role of long-term deepening of competitive advantage, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's Great Stone (600176): the industry takes on the role of deepening its competitive advantage over the long term.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.