The long slope snowy financialsit, the superior longrun champion, December 21st, 2021, Research Assistant Wang Shijie.
▪ Financialsit, cloudization for change: Hensen Electronics was selected for 14 consecutive years in 2008-2021 as the 100th best global financial science list, ranking 38th in 2021. Heinson Electronics started off as securities, then expanded to a wide range of areas such as banks, foundations, trusts, etc.
In 2018, the company developed a “online” thematic strategy on clouding, which fully activates product technology, solutions and service systems, and upgrades innovation. The clouding strategy will upgrade the constant technology architecture, adapt the organizational structure, improve product competitiveness, and respond more quickly to clients.
The financial-it industry is a long-sliding snow track that fully benefits the electronics: the financial-it market is a source of revenue for the financial institutions. 1) The financial sector is in increasing demand for it.
On the one hand, the population’s non-financial assets have turned to financial assets, with the share of equity assets rising, and on the other hand, the number of capital market investments and the number of goods available has gradually increased.
Demand, supply, and policy drive, we think it's more than the city of financeit. 4) Financial institutions are more sticky to the system, with long replacement cycles, the pre-emptive advantage is key to the city’s rate. The constant growth in electronic commerce is more relevant to the growth of a share in the volume and continues to benefit.
Financial institutions are more sticky with the system, and they have a constant electronics card.
The most sticky core trading system, with high market penetration in a number of key product areas, has led to steady clientele and sustainable income. 2) Strong bargaining power and high productification are increasing profit quality.
The annual collection rate is as high as 37 per cent, and is among the top companies in the industry. 3) Direction I: Masters lead the way, build a full product matrix, keep going deep into client business, go from desk to back, and provide more up-to-date and quality services. Direction II: Business continues to grow. Self-researching and mergers and acquisitions are consistent.
On the one hand, living out of equity markets and into new areas such as banking, insurance, etc., and on the other hand, pursuing a strategy of “internationalization” by introducing advanced products and business models from abroad, opening up international markets and buying the products of leading international manufacturers.
Three-quarterly reviews: rapid growth in income, sustained benefits from financial market reforms  profitability projections and investment ratings : long snowfalls on the financial int track, stable pattern; and a constant electronics market
Innovation 2021-11-01 is high, products are widely recognized and customer sticky, while increasing competitiveness through depth and breadth of business. On this basis, we expect the company ' s net profit for the period 2021-2023 to be the mother ' s.
Biannual reviews: Actively responding to the development needs of letter-making, overseas M&As, less than expected expansion of operations in the banking and insurance sectors.
1. Global financial technology is 100%, covering a multi-sector financial sector. For 14 years, global financial technology is 100%. Hensen Electronics was founded in 1995 and was on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2003.
He has focused on the financial sector, which is committed to providing comprehensive solutions and services to securities, futures, funds, trusts, insurance, banks, trading houses, private firms, etc.
Business covers a wide range of financial areas and is divided into five main lines of business. Permanent electronics deals in various areas such as equity markets, banks, insurance, etc. Companies divide their business into large retailit (brokerit and wealth managementit), large capital managementit (managementit and institutionalit), banking and industryit (exchanges, supply chain finance and banking), and so on.
According to the Risk and Infrastructure it operations (Data Central Development, Risk Management Industries, Exchange Industries, Finance Infrastructure Development, and Local Exchanges), the Internet innovation and non-financial operations are five major business sections. it and Big Managerit, 67/65 per cent of corporate revenues in 2019-2020 came from Big Manager and Large Retailit.
Distribute large retail and large-scale businesses (2016-2018), and other businesses are classified under other business categories. Ants and Technology holds 20.72% of the company’s shares through the Helium Electronics Group Ltd., the company’s first shareholder.
Together, the technology for e-finance has been developing rapidly. In 2019, the ants in ants in gold and Aliun were released, and in September all new products were developed from the center of jres3.0 technology.
In 2018, the company developed the “online” cloud theme strategy, which fully activates the upgrading of product technology, solutions and service systems, and innovation. The online strategy consists of three components: moveonline, liveonline, and thinkonline.
For example, in an engine room renovation, private, public, industrial, etc., the old traditional architecture has to be upgraded to an online system to provide a solid basis for follow-up. Liveonline refers to the re-engineering of current solutions and their upgrading in the online environment.
“6+6” business planning is in line with the Online strategy. In 2019, the company launched a new round of strategic iteratives, which identified “6+6” business plans under the “online” core strategy, which is in line with the “online” strategy. “6 rows” refers to the re-engineering of solutions in an online environment, re-engineering of business processes, business logic, business model.
The areas of operation are: large retail operations (rich management, brokerage), large-scale financial management (asset management, institutional services), exchanges and regulation of technology, banking and industrial finance, six major business areas. “6-way” refers to the upgrading of the micro-services architecture, and six major horizontal basic services areas: medium technology, middle-level data, middle-level data, middle-level data, and data uniforms.
Figure 7: Business restructuring of companies in 2019, “6+6” planning to support the constant strength of the strong. 1) Technical architecture upgrade: development of technology hubs, operations hubs, numbers
According to the three medium-level strategic layout of the centre, the organizational structure has been adjusted to create a new line of operations for large retail, large-scale, banking and industry, and data risk and infrastructure. The three medium-level sectors of technology, data, and business are used as the base for the core technology of the company, and the upper-level operations respond quickly in a fast-track, small-scale application of microservices.
The financial sector is a source of demand.
Businesses in the financial sector continue to be innovative, with the company's major client groups of coupons and funds being cited as examples, securities brokers moving towards wealth management, funds investing gradually, and green finance being expected to become an important new source of growth in the financial sector, driven by medium- and long-term “carbon peaks” and “carbon neutrality”.
Financial regulation has been strengthened from scope to content. In March 2020, the new Securities Act was formally implemented, and our capital market reforms entered the “deep water zone.” In April 2020, the pilot registration system for the start-up board, 2021.
In September of this year, the new three-board reforms were further advanced to create the Beijing Stock Exchange. At the same time, the regulatory bodies promoted the orderly opening of the capital market system to the outside world, with no restrictions on the scope of operations of foreign financial institutions in China, and the elimination of foreign equity restrictions.
In 2021, the 14th Five-Year Plan identified the need for a strong push for the IT strategy.
The rapid development of cloud computing is beginning to trigger a new wave of technological change in the financial sector. With the rapid development of cloud computing, cloud-based technology has become increasingly popular.
It is difficult to achieve inter-system interfaces; the delivery patterns used in the various business systems, the inconsistent deployment of installed hardware markers, and the resulting super-complexity of the carriers; and the lengthy delivery cycle, which has delayed many clients’ needs, all of which can be addressed by cloud-based software development.
The deployment of applications on containers is in the form of microservices, developed in the form of devops.
Capital market participants are mainly investment funds and investment targets, capital market investment funds are mainly derived from the equity component of the financial assets of our residents, capital market investment targets include securities, funds, solid receipts, options and futures, and assets of our residents are the highest in terms of financial and non-financial assets and real estate.
The non-financial and financial assets consist mainly of housing assets, automobiles and rural productive fixed capital. In 2019, the proportion of housing assets to the non-financial assets of our residents was 93 per cent, and 40 per cent of the total assets, which is an important part of the assets of our residents.
“Houseless housing”, “Do not use real estate as a means of stimulating the economy in the short term”, the housing market is under severe control, and the housing market policy is being tightened. (2) Housing needs have been reduced, according to central bank data, to 96.0 per cent of the country's housing stock in 2019, with 58.4 per cent of households living in one housing unit, 31.0 per cent of two housing units and three or more housing units.
With the pressure of policy tightening and the need to reduce it, real estate investment has been declining at a rate of only 7 per cent in 2020. The ratio of financial assets to public assets has risen and the share of interests has increased significantly. As real estate investment has fallen in heat, the capital of the population has declined.
In the context of the new regulations on capital management, equity assets (stocks and equity and funds) are compared to solid income and currency assets.
The share of equity assets in financial assets has risen gradually, to 58% of financial assets in 2019, an increase of 24 pct compared to 2000. The number and variety of capital market investable targets have gradually increased.
The share of capital has been put on the 14th Five-Year Plan, and the continued rapid growth of the number of listed companies is a major trend. With economic transformation, high-tech industries, strategic emerging industries, modern services, new infrastructure, digital economies, companies are listed, and the establishment of the North Exchange is expected to accelerate the increase in the number of listed companies.
On 3 December 2020, the Chinese Securities Association issued the Measures for the Management of Securities Companies' Gains Exchange, which further boosts the healthy development of derivatives, and the size of the derivatives market is expected to expand further.
On the demand side, business innovation, regulatory innovation, technological innovation, together with the need for financial institutions to upgrade the system. On the supply side, the share of financial assets in the total assets of the population continues to rise, the proportion of investments in equity products rises, and there is a growing awareness of wealth management;
On the other hand, the number of listed companies is increasing, and the establishment of the North Exchange is expected to further intensify this trend. At the policy level, the financial sector has grown to national heights. In June 2020, the new SEC department, the “Scientific and Technical Regulatory Agency”, was officially listed to perform eight functions related to the development and regulation of financial science and technology in the securities futures industry, demonstrating its “one wing” as a scientific and technical supervisor.
According to the CSRC data, the rate of increase in portfolio in 2016-2020 has increased rapidly, and the size of the equity base in 2018-2021 has increased significantly. According to the Said consultant, the annual compound of the size of the banking IT solution market in 2020-2025 has increased by 25%, and the annual compound of the size of the insurance system in 2019-2024 has increased by 23%.
Financial institutions are more sticky and have a longer replacement cycle. The financial sector is better informed, it is an important support for the operations of financial institutions, and financial institutions will not easily replace the providers of the system and the system for reasons of safety and accessibility.
As financial institutions are more sticky to the system, it is more difficult and time-consuming for a company to get a share of each other’s market. Thus, it is important for a first-hand advantage to be able to obtain a large market share quickly if a financial company takes the lead in discovering the market, pre-arranges it, and then gets a large market share.
This creates a more stable market pattern for the financialit market, and unless there are major market and technological changes, it is difficult for financial producers to capture the market share of their friends. For example, the share in the map is the share of each household in the three totals.
The sum of revenues from sales, systems maintenance and custom software, which are part of the business of financialit operations 2.4. Active electronics fully benefit from the rapid growth of the financial sector.
The growth rate of traffic is an indicator, the selection of permanent electronics, the homogenousness of financials, the wealth of the East, the vast network of friends and friends that have nothing to do with financials, and the collection and increase of revenues in Guozhou, Huankoa and business banks, which are not part of the computer industry. We find that the revenues of eight companies are more relevant to the turnover of a stock, and that the turnover is not appropriate.
As a measure of predeterminate e-generation. Three financialit companies have a higher rate of increase in revenue and a higher factor in total market value, while five non-financialit companies have a lower rate of increase, which is more reflective of the marginal effect of a market change on the company.
Relationships, the second column shows the coefficients associated with the rate of increase in corporate income and the rate of increase in the volume of the 10,000-per-cent turnover.
The increase in the volume of stock transactions often means an increase in the profile of the stock exchange and the fund bank, and the more it invests in it, the more it spends, the more it gets, the more it gets in order to get more orders and the more it collects.
Hensen Electronics is the long-run champion of the financial int track 3.1. High-marketing brings about a core competitive advantage in the core trading system, where many products are highly marketed. The trading system is the securities firm and the foundation company.
The core, which is responsible for dealing with all types of transaction orders submitted by investors, deals with funds and securities in accordance with the rules of the transaction, requiring a high degree of accuracy and timeliness. The persistent e-strategies are very forward-looking, pre-positioning securities and fund markets at an early stage, with pre-emptive advantages, while increasing R & D inputs, grinding products, and improving product competitiveness.
The core product areas such as investment management systems, bond dealers’ core trading systems, etc. also have high rates of municipal coverage in several other product areas, such as the pb system, banks’ access to public finance systems, etc. The high-market share is a solid base for corporate income.
With more high-motivated customers in permanent electronics, financial operations continue to innovate, and the corresponding upgrading and replacement of the int system will generate stable revenues for companies. At the same time, financial institutions, once they become customers of the company’s core trading system, may continue to use the company’s products for reasons of convenience and stability.
As a result, the high-market rate brings a stable base of revenue to the company. 3.2. Powerful bargaining and high-productization promotion of profitability.
There is a high rate of market ownership; on the other hand, persistent high levels of research and development investment in electronics, constant grinding of products, and net cash flow of product technology is greater than net profit from non-repatriation. The accounts receivable ratio was only 13 per cent in 2020 and the pre-receipt ratio was as high as 37 per cent in 2019 (the company changed its accounting standards in 2020 and the pre-receipt is no longer a reference).
On the one hand, the securities industry started late, regulations were clear, securities and base money were less customized than banks, and on the other hand, there was a constant increase in research and development investment and a insistence on “productization”
The strategy is to continuously upgrade product standardization, and since the e-marketing, software is gradually being marketed, with the Māori rate rising from 21 per cent in 2000 to 97 per cent in 2019, and the Māori rate falling in 2020 as a result of the company ' s implementation of the new income benchmark. The costs of project development implementation and maintenance services related to contractual performance obligations are factored into the contract performance costs.
Business shows that the company has the highest Māori ratio in its major portfolio and the lowest in banking and industry. 3.3. Business depth: high R & D inputs, constantly improving products. High R & D inputs to create a full-scale product matrix that meets the needs of clients.
Maintaining high R & D inputs, which remained above 30% in 2011 - 2020, is among the top in the industry. For more than 20 years, the market for raw and deep-farming financials has been opening up new products in addition to the products of the core trading system, resulting in a full product matrix that covers nine major industries, including securities, insurance, banks, foundations, etc., and offers one-stop solutions.
At the same time, Hengsheng’s 12 grand product, which focuses on the main business areas of financeit, is increasing its competitiveness. A full-scale product matrix allows customers to choose a sustainable product to meet most of their needs and to close the product chain.
Figure 27: Maintenance of high R & D rates by Helium Electronics 2011-2020 Figure 29: Corporate Product Matrix-wide • Integrated Supply Chain Service Solutions
Corporate services solutions.
Infrastructure and Intermediate Industries (data, infrastructure)
Data Center Solutions otc Cloud Foundation Solutions
Trust & mmc gold conglomerate. Financial Holdings.
Corporate solutions for trust, financial services solutions, transactions and registration settlements.
• Private fund-raising operations management services • Private fund-raising and quantitative transaction services • Settlement of local registration settlements
• Private equity management services;
• Data Center Solutions Field Operations and Transporting • Cloud Foundation Solutions
• Technology Centre, figure 30: Hengsheng's 12th Ace
Managing financial institutions, nearly eight, providing ready-to-use open-box, global positioning agency services.
As an asset, with 400 service capabilities, to help the gold pilot, the current i2 core.
The solution, which is now the service, is the core of more than 700 financial institutions.
Ndsuv Helium Data xgne vc5
Cloud computing services Compliance controls Service to over 400 clients, core product portfolio risk monitoring systems, net capital risk management
A full supply of aiaas+paas+ dedicated to raising financial institutions for an o32 to become an asset.
The saas layer cloud computing service, the system's market share in the securities industry for the overall data center.
Over 70 per cent, the anti-money-laundering system accounts for more than 60 per cent of the market share in the securities, financial and management sectors, and it is used as a “lock-in” cloud service, a core hub.
Huge clouds ? tedc technology center
"Digitalization of financial institutions dedicated to becoming public money gtn is a constant cloud paas platform.
uf3.0 is a one-stop brokerage commercial operating system.
To build the gtn community, the jres 3.0 platform focuses on the country's first accessible site.
To create a new ecological cloud of financial technology, financial products development, transport, connections to the inner and external ecology,
The real-estate bank addresses high R & D inputs that drive up-to-date products to meet the latest needs of clients.
At the end of the business, Hensen Electronic has launched a series of new products, such as asset management solution O45, a core business operations platform system.
uf3.0, HPF registered the HSF software ta4.0, etc., to meet the increased volume of customer transactions and the development of new industries. Figure 31: The Quest Electronic Light technology brand and its top ten technology depots, front-end Fe
It's not like I'm going to do it.
Distributed clouds Original base hsl
In 2020, Hengsheng set up a letter-in-trust laboratory, led to the launch of the Alliance for Innovation in Financial Infrastructure Applications, and in 2021, Heungsheng signed a letter-in-Kind experiment.
On the one hand, financial innovation requires a nationalized replacement of financial institutions' bottom hardware and hardware, such as operating systems, digital databases, etc., and an up-to-date business system with a corresponding appliance charge for permanent electronics. On the other hand, permanent electronics can provide an opportunity to promote a new generation of distributed software, thereby replacing old and new systems.
Wide-ranging operations: expanding to multiple areas, internationalizing, moving out of the equity market, and developing into a multidisciplinary financial-it service provider.
Field expansion. Mergers and acquisitions in other areas are an important means of expanding their operations. Financial institutions are more sticky to software suppliers, and M & As are more cost-effective than self-researched products taking a market share. Companies, marked by their 2009 acquisitions, have begun to speed up the organization of their business in the form of M & As, through M & As, companies have expanded their business layouts and upgraded themselves.
As China’s financial markets become more open to the outside world, domestic financial institutions face increased competition from the top financial institutions abroad. Based on China’s gradual internationalization of financial markets, China’s financial markets have become increasingly internationalized.
“Introduction” refers to the introduction of advanced products from abroad, learning from the business logic and financial engineering models of their advanced product designs; and “outward” refers to the extension of persistently superior products to the securities markets of developing countries to further the fight for the future.
The “buy-down” refers to the acquisition of European and American advanced financial and technological firms, after the company has acquired a certain M&A capability, and the introduction of advanced products while expanding their operations to international markets.
On November 26, 2021, the Hensen Electronic Holdings Network acquired the Finastra company summit business. Summit is a financial management system solution for large and medium-sized banks, covering the main trading scenes for financial institutions, including money markets, capital markets, foreign exchange transactions, derivatives, etc.
Electronic acceptance of 17 large and medium-sized bank clients and ongoing contracts in the intra- and medium-sized banking sector means rapid electronic penetration into the financial management system of large and medium-sized banks and integration with the company's already existing financial management system for ipics covering small and medium-sized banks to complete the product matrix in the area of financial management systems, from agro-banks to large and medium-sized banks and bond dealers.
The summit business opens an era of continuous subscription. The summit business uses the “license+ implementation costs” fee model, which lasts for more than five years, and the subscription business model can be continued after the acquisition of the summit business.
Unlike O32, uf2.0, which sells products to customers on a one-time basis, the summit business is a sustainable and stable income by charging a licence fee to License. The service fee for traditional products such as o32, uf2.0, which accounts for only 10-15% of income, is likely to reach 50%, marking the beginning of the subscription era.
Further development of home-owned intellectual property rights (IPRs) that are more compatible with domestic financial institutions, operations and technological structures based on thefusioninvest software through digestion
The Division signed a strategic cooperation agreement to strengthen the company's leadership in the overall solution of the portfolio and investment transactions.
Hensen Electronics Ltd. can quickly cut into the financial management system of large and medium-sized banks, acquire finastra-summit in the medium-sized sector and have access to the company's existing ipics financial management system covering small and medium-sized banks.
Combining operations in the interior and in Hong Kong and Australia, creating synergies and providing bank clients with better quality financial services, large retailit operations: mainly brokering and wealth management.
uf3.0 The market has been expanding steadily, there has been a steady increase in the competitiveness of the viable electronic wealth management products, and there has been a steady increase in the rate of collection of the system, which will continue to grow steadily in the future. On this basis, we expect a substantial increase in the retail IT operation in 2021-2023, with large-scale management operations: mainly in the capital management business and institutional business.
The rate is higher, and the institutional pb product coverage is further higher. The establishment of the North Handover has led to a larger upgrade of the buyer's system Banking and Industrialit operations: the company's products have expanded well in the banking sector, and products such as the technology center, the business center, etc. have been located in a number of banks, the paper business, etc. have continued to take the lead. As the company's penetration in the banking sector has increased, the company's presence in the banking sector has increased.
Internet innovation business: Internet innovation business is an important business in the constant exploration of new technologies, new business models. Firms such as energy aggregate data, cloud holdings, etc. are growing rapidly, and Internet innovation is expected to grow rapidly as new technologies such as cloud computing, ai, and so on. We expect the Internet innovation business to grow at a rate of 2021-2023.
Data Risks and Infrastructure (DRI) operations: The main ones are data neutralization, risk management, financial infrastructure, etc. Data processing and data security have become pressing issues as the size of financial institutions has gradually increased. Data development by the permanent jres 3.0 data center enabling financial institutions, the product market is expected to increase further in the future.
Non-financial operations: This part of the business is not corporate core and will continue to grow more steadily in the future. We expect the total market value/deduction of net parent profits and net total market value/operating cash flow (p/ocf) indicators for five years of the year, in which the deduction of net profit from parent and net operating cash flow is reported as actual data for the current year (e.g., November 2017).
The 1-day valuation indicator is the total market value of the same date divided by the net profit and net cash flow data for non-mother ' s deductions, as disclosed in the 2017 annual report. Furthermore, we do not believe that there are comparable companies in the market that have a high similarity to the permanent electronics, so we chose to value the company on the basis of the permanent electronic history valuation. Total market value of the permanent electronics as at 20 December 2021
The real total market value/net profit and p/ocf estimates for the year were higher than we would have been able to calculate on the basis of the final data for the year. The industry brought in an increment, with constant electronics leading in the area of capitalit, gradually expanding to banking and insurance.
At the same time, consistent e-strategies are clear, consistent with technology first, sustained high R & D inputs, active in deep business, widening the field, moving overseas, and introducing advanced technology and business models. On this basis, we believe that sustainable e-commerce has a promising future.
The development of the north border is not as advanced as expected. The north side is driven by a variety of factors, including policies, markets, and so on, which may not be as advanced as expected and affect the performance of the company.2 The new generation of product diffusion is not as advanced as expected.
The new generation of divisional products uses cloud-based technologies, but financial institutions are more cautious in accepting new technologies for reasons of safety and stability, and the company’s new generation of products may not be as popular as expected.3 Banking, insurance, etc., is not expanding as expected.
In the area of insurance and insurance, there are significant differences between the banking and insurance fields and the capitalit market, and companies operate.