Software development/computer applications/computers
For the first time, as an old, over 20-year-old, area-wide market-covering financial-it supplier, the company is keen to control the development of financial technology and is flexible and timely.
The “six-and-six-way” strategy, introduced in 2019, has allowed companies to move from “project + productization” to an over-platform, with a large medium-level strategy formally starting. The company’s financial fundamentals are sound, and performance has improved under the double pressure of the new crown epidemic and the adjustment of accounting standards;
Historically, cost-effective industries have been well regulated, profit-making industries have been advanced, and industry chains have been strong, and cash flows are strong. Companies have a strong R & D industry, with a strong focus on building and organizing their talent teams, and there has been a significant growth trend in human effectiveness. Based on solid financial and R & D capabilities, companies have been more active.
In the short term, financial and capital markets have grown together. In terms of breakdowns, securities are under-invested and under-skilled.
The scarcity of human resources, the low level of financial technology applications at the heart of cutting-edge technology, and the still huge scope for upgrading. The company’s dominant position in the securitiesit market will continue, owing to the lack of self-research capabilities of bond dealers and the high requirements for stability of the core system.
A smaller share of the area is expected to reap the dividends of an overall rise in the industry, thanks to its wealth and expertise in managing business. In terms of overall dimensions, the financialit industry is associated with capital markets, driven in the long term by a greater degree of financial and technological empowerment in the process of market maturity, which leads to a higher level of downstream customers.
Increased spending capacity and willingness; the short-term driving force is the change in the "Multiko" layout and medium-level strategic financial innovation brought about by policy changes. Companies have accelerated their deployment since 2016.
Industry, based mainly on the b-end, continuously exporting innovative products, services, and technologies, and showing their scale and effectiveness. A subsidiary is the “seed” for Internet innovation, and a medium-level strategy is the soil for innovation.
The emergence of “states” has forced the acceleration of financial innovation, both internally and externally. We believe that the growth potential of corporate Internet-based businesses will continue to be unleashed as the financial clouding process accelerates and other cutting-edge technologies unfold.
New and deeper, downstream financial-it market space continues to expand, and companies are expected to reap the full industrial development dividend with high competitive barriers, and the trend towards high performance growth will continue. Thus, for the first time, a “buy-in” rating is covered for companies.
Key financial data and projections: 1 leader in financialit track 1.1 positive transformation upgrade and flexible strategy adjustment
The company was founded in 1995 and placed on a successful board of trustees in December 2003, with its headquarters in Zhejiang Hang County, and is committed to providing financial sector-wide solutions for securities, futures, funds, trusts, insurance, banks, exchanges, private fund-raising, etc., and financial science, technology and innovation services for individuals and institutions.
China’s Institute of Information and Communications Technology has divided the development of science and technology applications in the area of finance into three phases: the first phase (up to 2013) is financial electricity.
The sub-phase focuses on the back-office application of IT; the second phase (2013-2017) is the Internet finance phase, which focuses on the Internetization of front-end service channels; and the third phase (2017-to-date) is the financial science and technology phase, which emphasizes changes in the front-of-the-stream technology application of pre-business, medium- and back-office.
Positive transformation upgrades, forward-looking timings. In line with the three stages of financial science and technology development, the company's evolution can also be broadly divided into three phases: the first phase, from 1995 to 2008, was the continuous roll-out of the company's current office electronicization of int-soft and hardware, such as the core trading system, and increased efficiency in business processing and the creation of a user base plate; and the second phase, from 2009 to 2014, was the company's completion.
The establishment of the Internet Operations Department, which has begun to move forward with the transformation of networking and the rapid seizure of the market; phase III, from 2015 to the present, is marked by the emergence of a permanent financial cloud, with companies using cutting-edge technologies such as cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, block chains, and enabling the financial sector to upgrade digital innovation in all its dimensions. In general, companies start every stage of change earlier than industry, and each transformation takes place.
Promotions have been successful in bringing performance and market value to new heights, indicating a firm’s agility and forward-looking approach to industry development.
In April 2014, the founder of Alibaba, Maoun, acquired 100% of the Hengsheng Group ' s shares through Zhejiang, and in June 2015, the Ants Group acquired 100% of the Zhejiang Group ' s shares, becoming the company ' s actual shareholders, and Maeun was the real controller. According to 2021h1, the Ant Group ' s holdings were 20.72%.
The 10 remaining shareholders can be divided into founder shareholders and institutional investors, and the company’s equity structure has been clearer and has not changed significantly over the years. Ant groups have taken the lead at the beginning of the company’s financial science and technology phase, responding to the company’s strategic development needs, bringing dual support to technology and resources.
In response to the challenges of the post-financial science and technology era, in 2018 the company came up with a clear and timely approach, formally implementing the core “online” strategy, comprehensively upgrading the company’s operational capacity, technical architecture and mindset, and laying the foundation for the development of comprehensive financial intelligence in the future.
Launching a new round of strategic iteratives, proposing a “6th and 6th” (i.e. “6+6”) one-stop solution for clients based on a micro-service architecture to support financial institutions in re-engineering business processes, product resources, and even business models. To this end, the middle-level strategy begins with the company's business model officially beginning with the “project + productization” transition to platforming.
The medium-level technological transformation, which builds on the “6+6online” to further complement the integration and intellectualization strategy, and to continue to pursue the strategic objectives of client number one, quality first, technology lead, internationalization and acquisition, and double-class enterprises.It is worth noting that the old business structure was recast accordingly into six new business boards as a result of the 2019 strategic update.
Block 1: 1) Large Retailit Business, including Securities Brokering and Wealth Managementit; 2) Large Financial Managementit Business, including Assets Management and Institutional Servicesit Operations; 3) Banking and Industrialit Business, including Bankit and Industry and Supply Chain Financialit Business; 4) Data Risk and Infrastructureit Business, serving mainly the IT sector, risk management sector, and various financial institutions.
Compliance authorities, local exchanges, etc.); 5) Internet innovation, which includes cutting-edge techniques such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, block chains, etc.; 6) non-financial operations. Optimizing business maps helps to clarify the range of business in each of the individual huts, clarify the redundant cross-sections, and speed up end-to-end processing of business in line with the company’s product-based, platform-based features.
1.2 Corporate performance has recovered steadily, and financial fundamentals have been robust since the bottom of 2016, and corporate performance has returned to growth overall. As a result of tighter financial market regulation, the market “cow-backed bear” has become depressed and corporate performance has fallen sharply in 2016.
Operating strength, released from external adaptation to environmental developments, policy dividends, a smooth recovery in corporate operating income and net profit deductions, with 17.76 per cent of company operating income in 2016-2020 and 42.50 per cent of non-net profits in 2016-2020.The new crown epidemic and the adjustment of accounting standards have led to a lower-than-expected performance in 2020, with a projected increase in business performance throughout 2021.
In the first three quarters of 2021, the company achieved income of 3,321 million yuan, an increase of 33.48 per cent over the previous quarter, which has largely returned to pre-epidemiological levels. Given the resilience of the company to the new crown epidemic, during the 2020 epidemic, efforts were made to optimize the conditions of office and operation of the network.
In terms of accounting standards, in 2020, the company ' s revenue recognition guidelines for self-developed and customized software products were adjusted from the original percentage method of completion to the recognition of revenue when the customer acquired control over the goods in question.
The Division's partial performance will be suspended until 2021, resulting in a lower revenue base in 2020; and, in conjunction with the company's operating income, a marked seasonality (the software company is expected to reach the peak of the project completion confirmation at the end of the year), our growth in the year-round 2021 is due to an expansion of personnel, an increase in remuneration, and the start of amortization of the share-holding plan costs in July 2021, resulting in a higher cost to the company.
Traditional business is the basics of performance, and innovation has increased significantly. For a long time, companies’ traditional business (leaving off the Internet, quarterly income from innovation has continued to grow at a high rate of over 30%, rising further to 16.77%, to some extent.
Historically, costs have been well regulated, and profitable industries have been advanced. The cost of a company’s period has been well regulated, with sales and management rates (including R & D costs) declining from year to year, reaching 8.48% and 48.78% respectively in 2020, a decrease of 15.45% and 15.45%, respectively, compared to the previous period.
4.07 percentage points. The sharp drop in the sales cost rate was mainly attributable to the implementation of the new accounting standards by companies, which incorporated the costs of project implementation and maintenance services related to contractual performance obligations into contract performance costs, which significantly reduced the cost of sales.
The company’s net interest rate on sales, roa, and other earnings indicators are on the whole rising, and, even though they fell in 2020, they are still far ahead of the industry. The industrial chain is strong, and cash flows are strong.
In 2020, pre-collected projects doubled from the previous year, and the share of pre-collected items in operating income rose significantly to 74.49%. The amount due from companies and the share of accounts receivable in total receipts showed a “u”-type growth trend. As the Public Administration recognized receivables under individual performance contracts under the new income guidelines, the share of corporate receivables in operating income in 2020 was significant.
Up to 12.54%, but still at a lower level among competitors. The high collection and low receivable side reveals a firm’s strong position in the industrial chain, a strong bargaining power over technology and products, and a greater voice over A. The cash ratio of the company’s cash earnings (sales of goods, cash/business income from the provision of services) and net profit cash flows over the last five years
The content (net cash flow from operating activities/net return on profits) has remained essentially stable at over 100 per cent, indicating a high level of profitability, a high level of repayment capacity and less financial pressure on the company.
Figure 17: Permanent e-cash income ratio 1.3 Research and development investment is an absolute leader, focusing on talent team building, and research and development investment is an absolute leader. Over the last five years, corporate research and development spending has been on the rise, with investment far higher than that of competitors.
In absolute leadership; the share of R & D spending as a percentage of business income has declined from year to year to 35.85% in 2020, but it is still ahead of most competitors, such as gold medals, top-point software, and more than twice as many as industry data. High R & D has led companies to upgrade their production technologies to become internal poles and moat rivers.
In the last five years, the number of R & D staff in companies has risen, particularly in 2020; the proportion of R & D staff has fallen from high to low, but generally still fluctuates at 60% of the industry's high-level.
In addition, for the first time since December 2020, the company has launched a large equity incentive scheme, using 600-80 million repurchase shares to be used by employees (for all types of work), with no more than 5,500 employees (56% of the company’s total workforce at the end of 2020).
It is important to note that the large number of employees and the high level of remuneration put greater pressure on the profits and tested the organizational management capacity of the company. The organizational system is constantly improving, and the effectiveness of the work has been highlighted.
The platform ' s research and development is a three-tier architecture of research and development, which is responsible for cutting-edge technology and innovation applications, technology platforms and bottom platforms, and financial industry medium-sized and holistic solutions, which are linked and mutually supportive. In 2020, improvements in the strategy and related medium-sized products (e.g. jres 3.0) reduced the unnecessary internal consumption of companies ' operations from beginning to landing.
The Division has improved its current operating management system by introducing ipd and updating the ltc system process to ensure high-quality and efficient operations. Overall, the return on corporate human investment (rop) has risen since 2017, reflecting the company’s ability to manage and invest in research and development expenditures, and has also responded to the capacity-building and organizational efficiency of the talent team.
Figure 23: System of a three-tier research and development architecture for Helium Electronics
The company’s six major business plates cover nine major sectors: securities, funds, banks, trusts, futures, insurance, private fundraising, exchanges, and financial controls, with a total of 12 grand brands, and an increasingly well-developed product matrix, with core products including the uf series (uf3.0), the asset management system series (o45), the brokering platform uf.0 and the asset management system.
The full expansion of the product line is supported by the research and development power of the intra-firm sector on the one hand, and strong financial power on the other, which tends to make the company vulnerable, including through mergers and acquisitions and investments, to establish a technological lead in new business within a short period of time and to create strategic synergies that will benefit the whole area of the future.
Ace, wealth management: Web6 is dedicated to building wealth terminals for all types of wealth management agencies, asset management agencies, marketing exhibitions, investment services, asset allocation, multiple online clients, managing a total of over 60 trillion assets.
Brokering: uf3.0 is a one-stop brokerage platform that is fully reconfigured in terms of technical architecture, system decoupling, business design, interface ease of use, with “high-capacity, large-scale, low-time” features, with horizontal expansion, pine-coupling, assembly, rapid rotation, greyscale release, elastic resources, etc., which currently supports between 5 trillion and 10 trillion transactions and even larger volumes.
Asset management: o45 comprehensive innovation in systems architecture, coupling, system performance, system capacity, openness, technology platforms, operations management, etc., can support the full range of financial institutions in securities, funds, insurance, trusts, banks, etc., and will continue to be a technological leader in asset management systems, providing one-stop investment solutions for professional institutional investors
Institutional services: i2 location of global agency service leaders, the only corporate solutions and services in the industry that can provide pooled investment transactions, compliance controls, strategies, algorithms, low-time transactions, personalized support, hosting outsourcing, and integrated private fund-raising operations equal to one product, have now reached 85 per cent coverage of the i2 core system for public finance: financial institutions are mainly provided with overall solutions and services such as transactional financial business advice, system planning, product implementation, marketing expansion, etc.
Supportive financial institutions build core competitiveness in public services in the digital age.c9 is the product of the country’s first accessible whole-bankit solution, which now cumulatively provides cash management services to more than 80 commercial banks, paper services to more than 150 commercial banks, trade-banking hubs, cash management, funds management, etc., with a market share of more than 80% of products.
Home, its core product portfolio risk monitoring system, net capital risk management system, more than 70 per cent market share in the securities industry, anti-money-laundering system in securities, rtec data services: provision of integrated financial data service solutions, including basic and applied financial databases, intelligence data services, smart data services,
Wind-controlled early-warning data services, research data services, intelligence alerts, etc., currently serve more than 700 financial institutions Cloud computing: the permanent cloud is characterized by a “professional, fast-wiring, all-round” and provides a full range of cloud computing services, including the cloud base
Eco-services: gtn is a permanent cloud paas platform, on the one hand, gtn connects to a permanent inner and external ecology, aggregates partner capacity, provides financial institutions with components centred on data intelligence, promotes digitalization of traditional financial business systems, intelligent innovation, and, on the other hand, gtn is a developer.
gtn Development Resources, Development Platforms, Host Services Platforms and Cloud Market Services to help improve development and delivery efficiency. gtn has now brought together 100+ partners with an average of 200 million daily calls
Sharing medium: xone locates business-level business-sharing platforms that help xone financial institutions to share core “capabilities” and enable rapid business innovation through the sedimentation of business-level commons and the provision of ready-to-use re-service capabilities
Data median: dedicated to providing financial institutions with the overall data hub solution, including the required software tool platform and implementation of the data centre, actual data assetization, data standardization, data service service, data intelligence, and infrastructure for data analysis and processing using financial technologies such as Big Dataai
- Digital brain, more effective use of data values Middle stage of technology: location of financial institutions “digital business operating systems”, jres3.0 platform, which is primarily oriented towards financial product development, transport, operators, etc., can provide complete financial enterprise-level application development packages, thereby reducing the technical requirements of business developers, improving the efficiency of development and system stability.
The jres3.0 platform has reusable, scalable, high-security features, based on rapid innovation and error by the Jres 3.0 platform’s financial institutions.
The demand for agencies to go out to the sea is growing, and companies are increasingly exposed to competitive pressures from advanced financial and technological firms abroad. The overall trend in corporate revenue abroad has been upwards, with more than 200 million yuan in 2019, but only about 6%.
To meet the challenges of the future, companies insist on internationalizing steps such as “introduction”, “outwards”, “buying out”, i.e. linking foreign advanced financial technology firms through mergers and acquisitions, investment, strategic cooperation, introducing foreign advanced technology and products and localizing them to international capital markets, while extending existing niche products to developing countries (in the form of fragrance).
Ports serve as the base point for the south-east Asian region.” Figure 25: Distribution of income within and outside the eternal electronics (millions of yuan)2 The marginality of the financialit market continues to grow.
2.1.1 The overall level of investment is poor, and development is extremely uneven.
In recent years, investment in information technology (IT) in the securities sector has grown steadily, reaching $26,287 million in 2020, or 28.22% more than in 2020, with an increase of 7.47%.
By 2020, the equity sector had accumulated 81.329 billion yuan in information technology (IT) and by 2017-2020, 18% in cagr. Total portfolio investment in securities is still at a low level. In comparison with other financial subdivisions, total investment in securities sector information technology in 2020 was lower than in insurance industry and less than one-seventh of the level of investment in information technology in banking.
More notably, in 2020, IT investment by Morgan Chase, Citigroup, amounted to $71.3 billion and $50.9 billion, representing 2.71 times and 1.94 times, respectively, of IT investment in the portfolio sector as a whole for the same period.
In terms of input, the average amount of information technology (IT) input of 102 securities firms in the securities sector ranked in 2020 was 258 million yuan, with only 23 securities in excess of the average; and the total share of total investment of 10 securities in the information technology input list list was 42.06%, with only the top four securities dealers, Huathai Securities and Kuthai King.
An, Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sinos have invested more than $1 billion in information technology; small- and medium-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Sar-Small-Sar-Small-Sar-Sar-Tar-Sar-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-T-Tar-T-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-T-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-Tar-T-Tar-Tar-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T
There will be more investment. In the year 2020, 22 of the more than 5% of the information technology investments of domestic bond dealers were made; only four of them, Easternly rich, safe, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese