q1 performance meets expectations, acquisition of bid plus appliances Events: q1 achieved operating income of $60,251 million, an increase of 10.0 per cent from the previous year, resulting in repatriation \triangleright
Hale Jiist (600690) \triangleright freight escalation has had an impact on pressure, at +4.2 per cent the same year, and high-end domestic and foreign brand performance remains bright, Kassa.
The Emperor has maintained a high increase of 32.3 per cent over the same year, Casati's cooking power has increased by 70.3 per cent over the same year, and in the United States, on the market, Lochyang's high-end brands, including monogram, café and geprofile, have increased by more than 30 per cent;
The continent’s market transition was equally successful, with Heir becoming Europe’s growing local sales and sales as of February, reducing efficiency gains and slightly improving profitability. q1 companies achieved a Māori ratio of 28.54 per cent, compared to \triangleright.
+0.05 pct, profit margin for overseas operations +0.1 pct. From a cost-rate perspective, companies strictly control sales, administrative costs, increase R & D inputs as appropriate, q1 sells/manager/research global layout plants, acquires fast-tracked layout appliances.
The company plans to invest in two million large refrigerators in Qingdao, based on current sales and forecasts, to prepare for potential capacity gaps in 2023. The company’s new plant capacity in Romania has also been climbing up, with q1 production exceeding the 21-year total over the years.
The company built its own plant on a global layout, which laid a solid foundation for the globalization of the company. The former Hale created the Wisdom Liver Electrics Department as a strategic unit at the corporate level, and this time the company was to purchase all shares of Tapol Robotic Technology Ltd. in Qingdao, further refining the company’s role in the development of the global economy.
The layout of cleaning appliances, which are expected to provide more product supplements and value additions to Hale's smart household business in the future. \triangleright
Unexpected, unexplored/scenario education, large fluctuations in exchange rates, recurrent overseas epidemics resulting in insufficient export demand
In Beijing, itd has been working on commercial communications equipment development at the tp-link hardware development department.
In July 2020, the CSRC joined the CSRC in its research component in the domestic electricity industry, which has not been relevant, has not been relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment advisory business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.