High-end brands are brightening, equity is an incentive to stabilize confidence.
Events: In recent days, the company has maintained its steady growth in the first quarter of 2022, when it published a quarterly report on its 2022 employee holding plan and stock stock booms in 2022.
Challenges such as repeated domestic epidemics, slowing global economic growth, relatively weak market demand, continuing high prices of raw materials, corporate strategies around smart family eco-brands in the Genesis Network era, sustained expansion of high-end branding advantages through product overlaps, product-type innovations, both domestic and foreign.
(i) In the domestic market, companies move in two dimensions from operational efficiency to user experience, exploiting weak cyberspace;
In the first quarter of 2022, smart families and other businesses in China achieved a good growth rate of 16.0% over the same period.
The share of sales was 38.6 per cent and 42.8 per cent respectively, while the share of retail sales on and off the laundry machine was 40.3 per cent and 45.4 per cent, respectively, kept in the lead in the industry; the share of retail sales on and off the dryer machine was 27.6 per cent and 35.3 per cent, respectively, an increase of 2.5 and 2.3 percentage points, respectively, and retail sales below the line.
In the case of air conditioning, the continued abundance of medium-to-high-end products such as Itocasati, Hale Waterwash Airspace, and the company ' s high-end market share of domestic air conditioning ($4,000 to hang-up/over $10,000) reached 24.3%, an increase of 4.8 percentage points from the same figure.
Overseas operations are growing and high-end brands are growing. (1) In the first quarter of 2022, companies increased their earnings from overseas industries by 4.2% and their profitability by 0.1 percentage points.
At the same time, companies take advantage of a global synergy platform and take a variety of measures to optimize efficiency and secure product supply. (2) High-end branding, United States market, corporate flag, etc.
High-end brands, including monogram, café and geprofile, have grown by more than 30%. On the European market, companies have adhered to high-end transformation strategies to promote local business operations; according to gfk aggregate data, by February 2022, companies had become the fastest growing local market sales.
The company publishes its 2022 Stakeholder and Equity Incentives program. As the company moves from a high-end brand to a high-profile brand to an eco-branded network leader, the company needs long-term programming to secure the achievement of its strategic results, and a matching long-term incentive scheme.
The Department’s incentive plan is designed to guide core technologists and business teams to continue to innovate, to fully motivate and motivate the target audience, and to enable companies to move beyond the cycle of business development. In terms of test conditions, the assessment of the employee holding scheme and the stock options incentive scheme requires that:
The nuclear requirements are consistent with the firm’s strategy of steady re-engineering. Investment proposals: the company is one of the three leading white power poles in the country, well-developed overseas channels, and sales within and outside the country, resulting in price warfare risks: the price volatility risk of raw materials: the operating risk of overseas operations: exchange rate variations.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have either a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude and an independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.