On April 28, Hale's first 22-year report was released and 60,251 million collected in 2201.
Won, year + 10.0%, net profit on return to the mother + 3,517 million yuan, year + 15.2%, net profit on deductions + 3,191 million yuan, year + 13.0%. Over-expected growth in performance was achieved by compounding expectations of growth in revenue collection.
+32.3%, with sustained performance. Continuous digital transformation; door-to-door integration, capital optimization.
+0.1 pct, cost-side optimization. The US market has a good share of household power, with high-end brands, including monogram, café and geprofile, increasing by more than 30%, and European markets showing good performance. End of profit: raw material stress response, Māori ratio +0.05 pct: running, sales/manager/
Equity incentives remain high. The 22-year a+h stock options incentive scheme, a stock options scheme, the consumer environment and the volatile international situation continue to maintain high long-term goals, achieving further binding of core leadership, management teams, and corporate operations, and fully sustained staff motivation.
Investing in a new 2 million refrigerators a year to expand capacity to match market demand. The total investor is expected to be $3.07 billion, with a static recovery period of 4.2 years, to be launched in July 2023.
On April 28, Hale's first 22-year quarterly report was released, and 22q1 generated $60,251 million in revenue.
Million yuan, year-on-year + 13.0 per cent. (1) Round-up: up and up, up and up. 1) Intra-sale: Chinese smart family business +16.0 per cent, Casati camp + 32.3 per cent, performance continued.
Refrigerator: Accelerating a new response to market changes. According to the industry online, sales in company q1 grew by +5% (industry - 1%), up in reverse; Ovie data show a strong price increase of +4% and +17.4% on/offline, respectively.
Laundry machines: The rapid growth of dryer machines opens up new growth points. According to the industry online, sales in company q1 grew by -3% (industry - 6%) and the city increased continuously; Ovie data show average prices on/under line + 13% and +5% respectively, with the expected increase in revenue mainly contributing to price increases.
Air conditioners: Continuing breakthroughs at the upper and middle ends, improvements sustained. According to the industry online, company q1 sales increased by +3% (line - 1%), and the exits increased steadily; Ovie data shows average prices on/under line - 1%, +6%, respectively. High end performance, high end share of domestic air conditioners in high end markets (up to $4,000 and over $10,000) reached
Up to 24.3%, with an increase of 4.8 pct. Channel-level retailing is furthered by the construction of a central integrated air store, heating and water sector, with a new network of 1515; households are growing their incomes by more than 70%.
The share was 32.7% and 29.3%, respectively, for new items in electrical water heaters, expanding the size of the electric water heater's two-bold products. The first heat to ignite the power-combined heat technology grew by more than 30%. The water purification business grew by nearly 30%.
0.9 percentage points, Casati cooking power + 70.3 per cent, dishwasher + 96.7 per cent, and rapid expansion of construction materials and sink channels, with 859 new channels created during the reporting period.
A full-scale layout of the channel contact point, with 120 new shops at Three Wings 001. 2) Outer sales: home power and smart family business abroad + 4.2%, robust growth, operating profitability +0.1 pct, and cost-side optimization. The high-end brand growth in the US market has accelerated the pace.
Inches of column refrigerators, smart ovens, etc., enrich high-end products and brand layouts.
Same ratio +0.05pct. Internal sales department Kassarty’s revenue ratio rises, refined manufacturing drives down; external sales department’s high end product share increases, optimized supply chain layout. 2201 company sales/management/research and development/financial cost ratio splits; and R & D costs rise mainly from investment in intelligent household core technology, product technology and three-wing birds
Increase; lower financial cost is mainly due to convertable equity transfers and more efficient fund management. (3) Operational capacity: company q4 sales received $60.3 billion in cash, compared to 2.1 per cent, and cash flow was good and smooth. Inventory turnaround days are 84.5 days (a 3.6-day increase from the same year), mainly overseas.
2. Equity incentive schemes: maintain high targets, show strong confidence, equity incentives keep high demands.
The shareholding plan (draft) and the h core staff holding plan (draft), which maintain performance growth at 21 years a. The high goal of the equity options incentive plan, based on the 2021 return net profit, is that the 22-25 Cagr consumption environment and the volatile international situation continue to maintain high long-term goals, achieving core leadership,
Management teams and company operations are further tied and staff motivation will be fully and continuously mobilized. 1) 22-year (a) stock options incentive scheme (draft) for company managers, core technical staff and business cadres (excluding current company directors and senior staff)
(a) The core staff holding plan (draft) for 22 yearsa, with no more than 2250 participants and a total of 680 million yuan (one dollar per unit), of which 11 are directors.
A total of 2,1.96 million yuan (3.2 per cent of the shareholding plan), 2,239 directors, directors, supervisors and company platform personnel (15 per cent) of the core technical (operational) staff, were awarded by the Board of Directors and approved by the Board of Directors; the rate of increase was lower
In 15 per cent of cases, the JMC decides on the attribution rate and the Board ' s remuneration and appraisal committee agrees; the rate of increase is lower than the JMC evaluation results, with 40 per cent and 60 per cent, respectively. 3) A 22-year core h unit-holding plan (draft) is issued
There are no more than 33 participants, with a total of 60 million yuan (US$1 per unit), of which 8 directors and executives hold a total of 20.53 million (34.2 per cent of the shareholding plan) and 25 companies and subsidiaries have the same core technology and employee holding plan (draft).
3. Energy expansion meets demand, governance is further optimized Investment in the new 2 million annual refrigerators project to expand capacity matching market demand. The company plans to invest 2 million refrigerators in the Kowloon Industrial District in Qingdao City through a new subsidiary project, which is expected to be a total investor
In July 2023, it is expected to start production in July 2023, with an annual capacity of 2 million units. The Guozhou Refrigerator factory will focus on Shandong, Southwest, and China.
Qingdao Hale Wisdom Electric Co. Ltd. intends to buy the Qingdao Tapol machine in cash.