Heil Jijit (600690.sh/6690.hk) Wang Wing Chul continues to function with a 15% increase in net profit of 2201, employee equity incentives and shareholding schemes.
Corporate performance: company 22q1 yields 60.25 billion yuan, y0y+10.0 per cent, net profit for the mother
In 16% of them, Kassati's high-end brands continued to grow at a rapid rate of 32.3%, ice and cleaning products continued to have a leading share, and the market share of air-conditioning high-end products continued to rise. Overseas operations grew by 4.2% compared to the previous year, and companies largely passed through products in the face of challenges such as logistics constraints in overseas markets.
Growth in structural optimization, with high-end brands in the North American region growing by more than 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
This is mainly due to a drop in the sales cost ratio, which we believe is largely due to the digitalization of companies, which has increased marketing efficiency.
Employee equity incentives and equity schemes guarantee growth: the company simultaneously issues a public announcement to introduce equity incentivesa The value of the shares per stock is granted to up to 1,840 line managers, core technicians and business cadres (not including senior directors of boards) 10.0152 million stock options (about the total shares of the company at the time of the plan)
Kim, for up to 2250 senior executives and core staff, h-shareholdings plan to purchase company-h shares in the secondary market through Hong Kong, and to draw up a $600 million incentive fund for 33 directors, executives and core staff, with a/h-shareholding plans released from 2022 to 2023
We believe that employee ownership is conducive to promoting the full implementation of the company’s business-networking and branding strategy, as well as binding it to its core staff, and to promoting firm growth. Promoting and operational effectiveness, which is now fairly well valued, we maintain the “buy-in” investment proposal.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.