Hale's home appliances, reverse water, white power taps, and Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
(a) Events: the company published its annual 2021 report, and in 2021 it achieved 22,756 million yuan, an increase of 8.5 per cent in the same year: the mother ' s net profit was 13.7 billion yuan, an increase of 47.1 per cent in the same year; after removing the effects of the privatization of Hale and the disposal of Caos, the result was an increase of 15.8 per cent in the same calibre and 37 per cent in the same calibre as the mother ' s net profit;
In terms of domestic operations, companies expanded their competitive advantages further in the domestic market during the reporting period, and the share of industries continued to rise, pushing China’s smart business forward.
The total share of the company ' s electricity business in the Chinese market reached 25.1 per cent, an increase of 2.3 pp for the same year, of which the figures for China ' s refrigerators, washing machines and water heaters show that 41.3 per cent and 43.1 per cent and 28.1 per cent of the total market share of the company ' s refrigerators, washing machines and water heaters are below the line.
Casati has maintained high growth, and new products have opened new avenues for growth. The company’s high-end brand, Casati, has built up 1,000 times, with a high-end market share of more than 40%, pushing it to earn $12.9 billion in the reporting period, up by more than 40%. During the reporting period, the company’s new product has opened new channels for growth, with dryer and dishwasher generators separately.
In terms of overseas operations, companies achieved revenues of $11,373 million, or 13 per cent, over the reporting period; and realized operating profits of $5,933 million, or more.
48.1%; operating profit rate of 5.2%, up 1.2 pp from the same year. Rapid growth in overseas operations and profit rate rises mainly as a result of: (i) the acceleration of high-end initiatives in various markets, with a sustained increase in sales as a percentage of proceeds from high-end products; and (iii) the persistence of home-grown operating systems, which are made possible by cost reductions in controlled capital.
In the context of rising prices for raw materials and maritime transport, companies have had an adverse impact on the impact of shocks, such as the optimization of product structures, higher-end product ratios, digital reforms, etc. The Māori rate has not increased inversely. During the reporting period, the combined Māori rate for companies was 31.2%, an increase of 1.6 pp over the same period. In terms of cost rates, it has been subject to Chinese markets.
The impact of the ongoing digital transformation and the increased efficiency of overseas operations was 16.1 per cent/ 4.6 per cent for company sales and 4.6 per cent per cent for management, with a decrease of 1.1/0.5 pp for the same calibre, respectively, after the elimination of the effects of Zhoss;
And the effect of the exchange rate q4 net interest rate was 5.5 per cent, a 0.5 per cent decline in the same year.
As a white power tap, the Division has successfully built high-end, overseas expansion has entered the harvest period, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The branding concept continues to advance (2021-10-31).
Digitization, full profit optimization, Hale Jie (600690): Equity incentives show confidence. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.