Heil Jijik (600690/sh) Quarterly 2022: Re-realization of the forward layout, continuous improvement of profits, home appliances, white appliances.
The resilience of income growth has been highlighted, and efficiency gains have continued to boost profits. Companies publish a quarterly report, 20221, achieving a billion/+13.0%. In the context of the disruptions in the industry, the country’s Kassati’s dominance has continued to expand, deep-seated areas have become more vulnerable, and overseas have maintained high-end branding strategies, expanded core domestic power advantages, and a new industry.
S-0980500004 achieves robust income growth; profit ends continue to improve profitability through operational efficiency improvements, global supply chain synergies, high-end share increases.
According to the Oviyun network, the response to the epidemic has been a 10.3% decline in domestic electricity retail sales, while Hale, driven by the rise in the share of various product categories, has seen a negative increase in income. The company ' s q1 domestic revenue grew by 16%, with Casati ' s income growing.
32.3%, maintaining a strong growth trend. By category, the market share of the company ' s main product categories has increased: public water heaters have gone up the line from +2.8/+2.4 pct to 32.7%/29.3%, water purification units have gone up backwards by almost 30% against a 20% slip in industry, and dishwashers have increased by 57%.
Overseas income growth has been stable, with high-end brands showing remarkable performance. Corporate q1 overseas income has grown by 4.2%, with the US high-end brand Monogram/café/geprofile increasing by more than 30%.
The pressure on raw material costs and logistics has led companies to increase the profitability of q1 overseas operations by 0.1 pct to 4.7% through high-end, synthesizing, global co-procurement, etc. Māori resistance has led to improved cost-effectiveness profitability.
Up to 28.54%. Thanks mainly to high-end brand upgrading, global R & D supply system development, and profit-making. Hale Jiist (600,690.sh) 2021 Annual Report Review: Four Quarters of Business Resiliency. Improved productivity. Cost-side, corporate management/sales/financial/research and development cost rates, respectively.
q1 net interest rate rises from 0.27 pct to 5.92%.
Hale Jiist - 600690 - 2021 Triannual Review: Robust Domestic and External Growth, Profiting Investment Recommendations: Maintenance of Profit Forecasts, Maintenance of Buy-in Ratings. Hale Jiist - 600690 - 2021 Semi-annual Review: Overperformance, Increases Internal and External
The strategic layout of high-end, globalization, arbitrage, etc. is entering the harvest period, with negative growth in revenue, continued improvement in profits, and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
Figure 2: Corporate income from single season and growth (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Corporate net profit return and increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 4: Corporate net profit return and increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 6: Cost of companies, Figure 8: Cost of research and development in a single quarter of a company The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author