Ocean River shares jiangsuyanghebreweryjoint-stock (002304ch) Ocean River shares track report: respondingtodowncycleslong-termism
Opinion Focus investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) event: The company held its Shareholder Conference in 2024 on 12 June, where the company's main counterpart
In 2016-2025, white wine production showed a downward trend for nine consecutive years. Since this year, most white wine prices have declined.
A new ban on alcohol is expected to boost the white wine industry’s dependence on politics and accelerate its transition to market and pluralism.
Head companies are expected to pass through the cycle with brand barriers and channel resilience, while small and medium-sized liquor companies are expected to move from regional taps to national poles. The company has two major Chinese brands, Ocean Rivers, Twin Trenchs, and Chinese brands, and the Chinese old word, and it forms a public cover.
The full-priced matrix of the blue and ocean rivers to the top (the blues of the dream, the manual classes), with medium- and high-end products accounting for 84.2 per cent of the total, is 53.7 per cent of the total in 24 years, with nearly 6,000 dealers.
The matrix has long been nationalized from regional brands to internationalized industries. Consistency in monolithic strategies, low-government dominance, or increased resilience to risk.
Blue Positioning 20 Billion Super Monument, which is now on the market in its seventh generation, has been rolled out in the second half of the year. The stock in Sea and Blue has been reduced to less than 10%, and there is still room for further upgrading in the local market and upgrading the product with a three-year advantage.
The company also plans to launch a brand-new light bottle of wine, with a target of $50+, with the goal of creating a third-largest monolith.
Triangular markets, with 39 new distributors in 24 years and enhanced end-use sales. Outside: priority is given to breaking the billion-grade market, with Hebei and Shandong as the first core targets, deep down in the town halls, copying digital marketing tools such as “scanning red bags” in the province, and promoting needles.
The company also maintains strict price stability: a quota control of the Blue Dream 6+, a moratorium on irregular distribution orders, and a lockout on the Blue Line.
Xiao Xiao Weiwen Wu Xiao Jasminewu