Performance doubled to an all-time high and new energy sources will build a second-growth curve Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) performance doubled and titanium powder continued.
The company ' s performance doubled in 2021 to $4.676 billion in net profit return, compared with $846 million in net return profit for q4, an increase of 149.48 per cent. The company ' s performance was historically high, with a sustained upturn in titanium powder, and continued production of titanium powder.
The price of titanium powder has been on the rise since 2021, and in 2021, titanium powder has been sold on both sides of the market.
There was a sharp rise, but the competitive advantage of the vertically integrated whole-of-the-industry chain was fully demonstrated, and the firm ' s net profits increased significantly over the same year. In 2021, the company produced 90.22 million tons of titanium powder, an increase of 10.41 per cent over the same year, of which 6,461 million tons of titanium sulphate were produced, an increase of 6.86 per cent over the same year, with chlorination.
This represents an increase of 5.46 per cent, with 51 per cent for domestic sales, 49 per cent for international sales, 62.12 million tons for sales of titanium sulphate, a decrease of 2.75 per cent for sales of titanium chloride, an increase in the capacity of titanium powder production and a consolidation of titanium powder.
The company, as the only country in the country with two titanium powders of both large sulphate and boiling chlorination, invested in the construction of a 200,000-ton demonstration project for the integrated recovery of rare metals, such as titanium chloride and titanium, on the basis of an innovative project to upgrade and convert the titanium chloride.
The 1 million tonnes/year high salt wastewater depth treatment project, which combines the benefits of accelerated magma ore, continues to expand the technical advantages of chlorinated titanium powder and enhances market competitiveness. According to the announcement, 200,000 tonnes of chlorinated titanium powder and a demonstration project for the integrated recovery of rare metals such as titanium powder and titanium (with a complement of 1 million dollars)
1.q3 Re-innovation is high, with a " titanium powder plus new energy" ton of high salt waste water treatment project) 200,000 tons of high-grade titanium chloride powder per year, 43,000 tons of hydrochloric acid, 100,000 tons of falcon, 400 tons of pentaxyltin, 20 tons of oxidium oxide, with a total investment of 3.5 billion dollars
The project has now been completed by the Saltside District Development and Reform Agency. The company’s ability to expand titanium powder production with the prospect of consolidating the company’s domestic chlorination system.
3. To accelerate the deployment of new energy materials, to build the pre-existing advantages of the industry chain, to optimize the product structure, to enhance market competitiveness and to increase market penetration, and to become a new profit growth point for companies in the future.
The company has accelerated the deployment of new energy materials, creating a two-round development model for titanium powder + new energy.
The Ton Phosphate Project, with a total investment of 1.2 billion yuan, was built in three phases. In one and two phases, 50,000 tons of production lines were built, in three phases, 100,000 tons of production lines were built, and in the current phase, the conditions were set for production; In two phases, in one phase, 25,000 tons of production lines were built, and in two phases, 75,000 tons of life were built.
Lines of production, which are already in place for the current phase; (c) a 2 million-ton phosphate lithium project, with a total investment of 2 billion yuan in three phases.
The Ton Lithium ion Batteries Negative Materials Integration Project, with a total investment of 3.5 billion yuan, was built in three phases. The first phase and the second phase respectively were the construction of an annual 50,000-ton lithium ion cell graphite negative material production line, and the third phase was the construction of an annual 100,000-ton lithium ion battery negative material production line.
The company has accelerated the deployment of new energy materials in the field of iron phosphate and lithium phosphate, artificial graphite and polar battery materials, and has continued to expand the ability to produce titanium powder by increasing the power of the titanium chloride industry.
A two-wheel development model for titanium powder + new energy is expected to emerge in the future, leading to a transition from integrated resource use to new material production, with continuous downstream extension to build integration advantages. The advantages of industrial chain integration are clear, with the creation of “large-scale, low-cost” poles.
The company completes the entire titanium chain, with 1,010,000 tonnes/year capacity, and will benefit fully from the current titanium-slag cycle and achieve the advantages of scale and integration. In addition, the company has improved technology in the whole industry chain of chlorination.
The high-quality, low-cost competitive advantage of the company’s raw materials titanium mine, its scale effects, and its compliance with the environmental effects of the ring is also emerging. At the same time, the chlorination process has a significant advantage in energy-efficient and environmentally friendly ways, consistent with the country’s “carbon” over the long term.
The company plans a total of 300,000 tons of chloride titanium powder, further restructures the company's product structure, increases the proportion of the company's titanium powder product in high-end areas, increases the city's share, and optimizes resource allocation and enhances the company's sustainable development.
(a) Capacity, while increasing the layout of the new energy positive and negative materials industry, to pursue the two main objectives of industrialization, namely “big chemicals” and “low-cost” and the creation of a revolving economic pole enterprise. (1) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products:
(2) Risks to safe production: (3) Environmental protection risks: (4) The project is not proceeding as fast as expected
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.