The Group has increased its performance significantly by publishing the annual report 2021: $20.566 billion in operating income, yoy+45.77 per cent of the year's revenue.
The company is a large chemical consortium dedicated to the deep integration of the titanium, the chain of the titanium industry and the development of new materials, mainly in the production of products such as titanium powder, sponge titanium, silicon products, etc.
In addition to sales, corporate products are sold to six continents and more than 80 countries.
At that time, the use of titanium powder and sponge titanium production had increased, particularly in the case of the company ' s chlorinated titanium powder production, which had been effective at 1.01 million tons per year, and the release of 15,000 tons of titanium production, which had led to the growth of the company ' s revenues. Companies had sold 8778 million tons of titanium powder, yoy + 5.46 per cent of the year;
Tons/year, with the world’s highest sizes. Group industrial bases selling titanium titanium, 1.4 million tons, yoy + 71.6 per cent, 5 provinces: Burger, Sichuan, Hubei, Yunnan, Gansu, etc.
In the city of Six, there was an initial rise from titanium mineral extraction to vertically integrated whole-chain advantages, leading to an increase of 6.58 percentage points to 41.93 per cent in the Māori ratio of companies, titanium powder and titanium metal manufacture, and a combination of derived resources.
The company now has the entire industrial chain of titanium concentrate, titanium-rich powder, titanium powder, sponge titanium, and masters the core technology required for the production of products, the stable supply of raw materials such as titanium concentrate, sulphate, and intermediate products such as synthetic red stones, high titanium slags, which guarantee the continued survival of titanium powder and sponge titanium.
Production and product quality, while reducing production costs, led to an increase in the company ' s Māori ratio, with a 52-week increase in the Māori share price rate between 9.03 percentage points and 45.02 per cent for titanium and tetrachlorinated titanium products
The titanium powder industry has a strong product structure that enhances the quality of the product and consolidates its advantage. The company is a small supply of titanium powder in the total stock/salea (million shares) industry with both sulphuric acid and chlorination processes.
In terms of capacity, the company is the world’s largest producer of titanium powder sulphate, the world’s fourth largest producer of titanium powder, China’s first-largest chlorinated method. The company continues to raise the ratio of titanium powder to chlorine, which is increasing.
In addition, the company has increased its research and development investment.
Enter, develop new high-end products such as high-end light-resistant, over-prescription, and drive the company's titanium powder product system to the middle-end, actively deploy new energy cell material, positive and negative, and foster a second-growth curve. Companies use the “big chemical, low-cost” approach to development, taking advantage of corporate governance, R & D, technology, and supply chain advantages, to create new items.
The company acquired 100% of Henan's new carbon materials, taking advantage of China's new carbon materials in terms of talent and technology into the graphite negative poles industry: the company planned to produce 200,000 tons a year.
Battery material-grade iron phosphate project, 200,000 tons of lithium ion battery material per year industrialization project, 100,000 tons of lithium ion battery per year in artificial graphite-subpolar material project, 200,000 tons of lithium ion battery per year in nonpolar material s1485611002
Material integration project, 150,000 tons of electron-grade lithium phosphate per year, with 200,000 tons of batteries per year, 50,000 tons of iron phosphate per year, 200,000 tons of lithium ion batteries per year industrialized, 50,000 tons of lithium phosphate lithium per year, 100,000 tons of lithium ion batteries per year, artificial graphite and polar material
The project (50000 tons of graphite negative poles) has entered the pilot phase or is ready for production. Based on its successful experience in the titanium industry, the company has integrated the whole industry chain into the lithium electric materials project, and the company's profitability projections and investment ratings: as a leader in the titanium powder industry, the company is working with a strong majority.
At the same time, the new energy sector was actively laid out to foster a second growth curve and to form a diversified and synergistic business.
Figure 3: The company ' s thiochlor coupling model for a green economy, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East.
Longsong Group (002601: Significant growth in performance, deployment of new energy materials, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Liu Woo-joo.
Eight years of research experience in the chemical industry. He worked in the Research Department of China-King Corporation and earned a number of honours during his career, including the first three As in the chemical industry in 2017.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
The Group (002001): The performance has increased significantly, and the deployment of new energy materials does not guarantee any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.