The performance of 23q3 was as expected, with a robust growth in industrial and regulatory operations \triangleright increasing by 7.60 per cent; net profit from non-repatriation of $3.046 billion was realized, an increase of 11.59 per cent.
In terms of cost rates, companies are firmly engaged in strategic operations such as digitization, energy management, new energy vehicles, and industrial software, at a cost of 20.31% for the 23q1-q3 period, a decrease of 0.31 pct. General automation: a return to warming is expected, with robust growth in industrial control operations.
\triangleright, according to NSO data, in September 23 23 23, the General Manufacturing Manufacturing Procurement Manager Index (pmi) was 50.1%, the ring grew by 0.7% over the previous month, rising to above the critical point, and the general manufacturing industry warming trend became apparent.
In the future, the company’s general automation business growth will focus mainly on: 1) the company’s overseas municipalities.
Increase in the field share, including markets such as South-East Asia, South Asia, Europe, South America; 2) widening product lines, including digital solutions, energy solutions, sensor products, industrial visual products, aerodynamic products, etc., based on products such as frequencies, server systems and plc; 3) advantages based on automation + digitization
Digitalization operations to achieve digitalization in terms of scenes, ai technologies, integrated solutions, etc. Research assistant Xu Joon-chul continued the growth momentum of the first half of 2023 in the third quarter, with revenue growth benefiting from the company ' s high investment in car regulation certification
Gains on revenue, increased sales of overseas power source products, added to corporate R & D revenues from overseas point-to-point vehicles, and partial revenue recognition by companies based on R & D progress.
Inter-trail & Smart Elevator: There is a steady growth in the inter-trail operations and a pressure to increase the income of the elevator operations. Sex entourage - 2023/08/22 - 23q1-q3 track transport operations achieve sales revenue of $375 million, an increase of 33.78 per cent, compared to 33.78 per cent.
Business achieved sales revenue of $3.850 billion, an increase of 0.62 per cent over the same period, slowing up the growth rate and keeping revenue growth under pressure. 23-year quarterly reviews: the general automation share continues to rise, \triangleright
3. Synchrome Technology (300124.sz) Tri-quarter 2022 report rating: performance meets expectations and the advantages of guaranteed delivery are highlighted -20 \triangleright
q1 Quarterly Review: Industrial Automation & New Energy Motors double-wheeled the methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.