The company published a 2023-quarterly report: 2023q1-q3 achieved revenue of $20.121 billion, an increase of 23.89 per cent, a net return to the mother of $3.319 billion, an increase of 7.60 per cent, and a reduction of income.
In 2023, the q1-q3 company General Automatic Wu Ho power plant and the new energy industry's lead analytical (including industrial robotics) business achieved sales revenue of $10,524 million.
20.42 per cent: the new energy automobile business achieved sales revenue of $5.268 billion.
Growth, with rising income levels, is expected to gradually contribute to profits. Going out + digital transformation continues. Companies continue to scale up strategic business such as industrial software, internationalization, etc. \triangleright
Inputs, as industry leaders, we believe that digital empowerment is expected to open up long-term growth space for companies, while at the same time, by replicating domestic customization + rapid response strategies, it is possible to achieve rapid deployment in overseas markets.
B. Improving corporate global market coverage for industrial products. Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company ' s 2023-2025 net profit to be \triangleright, respectively
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the photovoltaic sector. He was a research assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and in 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the electrical equipment and storage energy sector.
Chen Jie, member of the team, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, with responsibility for Lithium Electric Materials, Sun-yun, Research Assistant for New Energy and Power Equipment, Master of Finance, Shandong University, 2022, with responsibility for Engineering Control, Charging Gears and Robotic Chains.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed a service agreement with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.