Segawa Technologies (300124): Business Resilience Panorama - 3-quarter review 2023
Incidents: October 26, Segawa technology announcement. In January-September 2023, the company was founded in 2003 to focus on automation, digitization, intelligence in the industrial field, focusing on "the information layer, control."
At the same time, in order to enhance investor confidence, a combination of corporate equity is based on a quick personalized solution for clients.
In a reasonable judgement of value, the Sinkkawa Investment Plan will, over the next six months, continue its commitment to advance industrial civilization with leading technology through, but not limited to, centralized competitions.
A more sophisticated combination of products and solutions is a national industrial automation control area and a listed enterprise.
General automation operations are becoming more resilient. General automation (including industrial robots) achieves sales revenue of $10,524 million, an increase of 20.42 per cent. Of this, general frequency transformers achieve sales revenue of $3,440 million, a comparison.
The overall market size was $151.9 billion, a 2.4 per cent decline over the same period, and the overall market demand is expected to continue to fall down, with the overall year showing a much lower decline than in 2022: in the first three quarters of 2023, China ' s industrial robotic sales accumulated 206823, a slight decrease of 0.1 per cent over the same period.
Intelligent elevators and track-over operations are solid. Smart elevators generated $3.85 billion in sales revenue over the reporting period, an increase of 0.63 per cent compared to the same period.
Total equity/flowa unit (millions) case, with stronger synergies with the former elevator department; orbital traffic achieved through a low base last year b/h unit (millions)
The new energy automobile business is expected to generate excess revenue. During the reporting period, the company’s new energy automobile business generated revenues of $5.268 billion, an increase of 61.35 per cent, and the country benefited from targeted and sop-fibre sales from strategic customers.
The company's electrical controllers, power-drives, etc. have developed a large number of applications and brand influences have continued to rise. Currently, the penetration rate of electric cars has reached a certain level, the industry is growing at a slower pace, but with increased competition and fragmentation in the industry, companies are deeply tied to strategic customers, and new energy cars are expected to be protected.
This is due to the increase in business volume and the impact of overseas business expansion and associated costs of equity incentives. At the same time, credit impairment losses are increased as a result of a client’s business risk.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: The corporate platform-level product and marketing system, with its wide reach into the country's manufacturing sector, is more resilient during the downswing of the industry, while the public sector will focus on internationalization strategies in the future, and the vast market space abroad is expected to open up the company.
The net interest rate has been affected by the increase in the market and research and development inputs of companies during the reporting period, with Eastern financial and intellectual booms of $198, 2.42 and 3.01, respectively, corresponding to pss, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
Segawa Technology (3000124): Business resilience highlights -- three-quarter reviews in 2023, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
East Hing Securities Corporation, Hsigawa Technology (3000124): Business Resiliency Highlights - 3-quarterly report rating 2023
The researcher’s own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.