Mid-year 2025: continued high performance of 2025h1 and accelerated desktop layout, $3.27 billion, or +35.8 per cent, mainly due to companies benefiting from equipment in the semiconductor industry in China
In the interim, the company achieved a net return profit of $70 million, or +57.0% of the year, and a net profit of $670 million, resulting in a slower return – an increase in employee pay due to the expansion of the company’s size.
▪ Equipment such as platform-based layout cleaning, plating, coating, etc., which is expected to benefit fully from the new hbm cleaning, plating requirements: companies adhere to the strategic approach of “technology differentiation” and “product-plating”, successful layout cleaning, electroplating, coatings, stereo tubes, pecvd, and chemization
Equipment such as semiconductor etching. (1) Cleaning equipment: the company's own cleaning of equipment in the home city of Shanghai (688082) 2024 Report: over 30%, its saps, tebo megasound cleaning technology and tahoe high temperature sulphate cleaning.
In 2024, high performance was achieved, and the company platform chemicals technology has reached international leadership, and the single crystal circle high temperature spm device for the next generation of semiconductor devices has been successfully validated by key clients. (2) plating equipment: by the end of 25q2, the company had already been able to use it.
Delivery of over 1,500 electroplating cavities capable of handling 3dtsv and 2.5d interposer for high depth-wide copper plating; front-bound Damascus copper interconnection plating equipment for Sem Mi Shanghai (688082): semi-annual report 2024
The process required for finfet, dram and 3dnand of the 3d structure; the backway plating equipment meets the copper, nickel, tin, silver, gold in the Pilarbump, rdl, hdfan-out and tsv significant improvement in q2 profitability, hbm
e. plating process. (3) Tile tube equipment: lpcvd has been certified and produced by several fabs and is expected to generate a new dynamic for performance growth.
Video equipment supports various optical processes, including i-line, krf and arf systems, and is currently being validated on the client. (5) Pecvd equipment: Teos and sin processes have been validated on the client. (6) No stress cap, etching devices are expected to be imported into the client.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company ' s main business continues to grow + the product category is expanding. We, Wu Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.