Shenhua Shanghai: Performance continued to grow in the first half of 2025, rated as semiconductor equipment platform company: buy-in (maintained)
• Events: Six-monthly report from Shanghai, United States of America, 2025, due to strong market demand in mainland China and the company's success in holding market opportunities, building up sufficient stock of orders; current company sales delivery and trial collection
Efficient promotion has effectively ensured steady growth in business performance; firms have advanced in the downswing of products, continued upgrading of product technology and performance, improved product lines, meeting the diverse needs of households and increasing market recognition, which have provided a strong boost to income growth.
Net profits increased by 56.99 per cent over the year, net profits attributable to shareholders of listed companies net of non-recurring gains and losses increased by 55.17 per cent over the year, mainly due to growth in income from the company ' s main business operations and a comparison of company prices with the trend of 300 per cent deep.
As a result of the reduction in the cost of share payments. • The firm's industry is in a solid position, with the platform's semiconductor equipment developed after many years of continuous research and development inputs and technological build-up.
Artery equipment, including cleaning equipment, semiconductor plating equipment, stereo tube series equipment, coatings, phototrack equipment, plasma-enhanced chemical phase deposition pecvd equipment, non-resistance polishing equipment, panel-grade advanced containment equipment: advanced backway containment equipment and silicon materials
In the field of semiconductor cleaning equipment, according to gartner, the company's global market is occupied.
The rate is 8.0% (the fourth highest in the world). According to some Chinese manufacturers, the Chinese market is over 30% of the total number of suppliers of cleaning equipment in China and abroad; in March 2025, the company developed a single crystal circle of high temperature.
1) Suohai: There is a strong demand for domestic production of equipment. Equipment has been successfully certified by key customers and the process is of significant value to the next generation of semiconductor devices. In semiconductor plating, the global market is 8.2%.
Shen Mio Shanghai: 2024 with robust growth, third in the world. Company ecp completes delivery of 1,500 plating cavities, achieves plating, and continues to invest in research and development to become platform-type equipment.
In the same period, the panel-level level plating equipment developed autonomously by the company was awarded "technologyablementaward" by the 3dincites Association of the United States.
This report is presented independently and objectively, using data and information from open information in the market, which I myself refer to.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.