Corporate events: recently, China Communications published its 2021 annual report, and companies achieved business during the reporting period.
RMB 11,452 million, an increase of 12.9% from the same year, resulting in a net return profit of RMB 6.81 billion from the same year.
Business income of $75.71 billion, an increase of 2.29 per cent over the same period, is largely in line with expectations. On wireless products, a series of innovative products and programmes enhance network efficiency and simplify the complexity of network structures
With more than 40 per cent reduction in network costs and 30 per cent increase in delivery rates, companies are already operating on more than 30 million sites worldwide on a commercial scale; in cable products, domestic and foreign market patterns have improved, 5g is carrying a full range of end-to-end deployments and light network markets have continued to be maintained
Lead, end-to-end fibre-optics to homefttp solution industry with the highest rating: Core routers have been successful on several occasions by three major operators. As the 5g network progresses steadily, and market competition changes, companies are expected to continue to grow in the operator market.
Businesses are growing rapidly, with the focus on the digital transformation of their industries rising. Businesses are generating revenues of $13.8 billion, an increase of 16.03% over the same period, mainly as a result of growth in income from businesses such as servers, domestic affiliates, etc. Servers and storage products are entering the financial, Internet, energy, etc.
Among them, the goldendb distributed database has acquired the first brand of the national production database, the financial industry. With respect to the 5g industry application network, companies have joined more than 500 partners in the 5g application of innovation and business practices to achieve nearly 100 5g innovation applications.
Based on the rapid maturity of industry applications and the proliferation of digital applications, the firm’s active expansion of industry applications will bring new growth points for the company. Billions of dollars, an increase of 59.22% over the same period, further opening of business space.
Broadband connectivity, terminal chip modules and ecological capabilities form the “big terminal”, creating landscape wisdom and ecology. 5g mobile Internet products have been sold in 30 countries and territories, home-based information terminals with a relatively deep 300-degree picture.
The company takes advantage of the opportunities for change in products such as smart households, digital energy businesses, mobile Internet, and expands its size, while increasing brands, channels, market strategy support, and pushing.
We look at the opportunities for companies to grow in the digital transformation of their firms. In the context of the annual corporate performance report, we adjust the company’s net return profit forecast for 2022-2024.
5g Commercial advances are not as expected; market competition is increasing and the market for new products is not as popular as expected.
[Galactic communication] Company tracking _communication _ communications _ central communications (000063.sz) meets expectations and technology reserves are expected to accelerate the multi-faceted breakthroughs in the 5g market
Eight years of experience in the mobile communications industry in China, five years of experience in securities practice, and five years of experience in the telecommunications industry in Thailand, where I was the best person in the communications industry in 2018/2019 (institutional investor ii-fiscal and new) to offer this report independently and objectively, reflecting clearly and accurately my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.