Year 2021: High profit-earning innovation, accelerated business expansion, savings.
Euros; net operating cash flow of 15,72 billion yuan, yoy+53.7%, with performance in line with our expectations.
This represents an increase of 2.3 per cent in the volume of 5g-based stations in 2021, with light access and light transmission-related products remaining the second highest in the world. In the case of home-based business operations, revenues increased by more than 40 per cent over the same period. In the case of idc, smart management systems have been widely used on the Internet headlines, with 140,000 commercial + racks. In the case of consumer operations, operating revenues were 25.730 billion yuan in 2021.
This represents an increase of 59.2 per cent, with home-end products growing by more than 80 per cent over the same period, mobile products growing by nearly 40 per cent over the same year, 5gcpe markets accounting for the world's highest volume of goods, 2021 terminals producing more than 100 million shipments throughout the year, overall output increasing by the same year, cost structures are being optimized and the quality of operations steadily improving: emphasis is being placed on technology and product research and development, which accounted for R & D costs in 2021.
In terms of cash flow, business performance was optimized in 2021, and the quality of the company’s operations will continue to improve steadily.
Source and end area outreach efforts to create a second curve in corporate growth; central communications focus mainly on energy, transport, government, finance, the Internet, large enterprises, building on the “precision cloud network” and the “enabling platform”, active deployment of new 1, “Change News” (000063): central growth
Infrastructure, 5g industry applications and enterprise digitalization upgrade; in the IT area, communications focus on server construction 3-quarter review of communications 2021: operations and storage, operating systems (wide application to communications, automobiles, electricity, orbital traffic, etc., up to 2021)
There has been a steady increase in efficiency and profitability, with a cumulative global delivery of more than 200 million units in the middle of the year), databases (with distributed database goldendb as an autonomous innovation strategy product for the ict field, operating steadily on a commercial basis in the core system of large commercial banks for more than three years)
High-performance growth: bottom-level competitiveness of products, e.g. 2021-10-27, fast becoming 10 billion class; in the area of motor electronics, integrated ict technology soft 2, Mid-Engine Communications (000063): middle-rises
Hardware advantages, creation of car electronics lines, intellectualization of motor vehicles, development of network connectivity and electrodynamics.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: based on rapid growth in corporate governance and a gradual recovery in overseas markets, we will increase by 2021-10-15, and maintain a “buy-in” rating based on the 5g development and digital transformation wave.
A steady improvement in the quality of business, ict leading risk; customer credit risk. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory committee