\triangleright meets expectations and achieves qualitative growth. \triangleright, based on performance forecasts, achieves a double-digit increase in corporate revenue throughout the year. \triangleright
Long, domestic, international markets and networks of operators, governments, and consumers have all grown at the same rate; the year-round gross is at an all-time high, with significant increases in profitability and profitability. 21q4 is expected to achieve a net return profit. Companies are expected to pre-position critical materials, such as chips, on a large scale, as a result of stock price decline preparedness based on the precautionary principle.
Impairment of output is about 1.1 billion yuan. The calculation of impairment of assets facilitates the full release of risk and reflects the firm ' s steady progress in building 5g for supply, national policies draw on, and short- and medium-term performance is well supported, with the share being raised in the operator ' s market.
\triangleright field long-term drivers. According to Ministry of Information and Communications data, by the end of 2021, the country had built and opened 5g base stations at a cumulative rate of 145,000 stations, and in 21 new 5g base stations at the national level amounted to 654,000 stations, of which q1/q2/q3/q4 were respectively q1/q3/q4
48,000-142,000, 198,000, 166,000 stations, and 5g construction speeds up on a quarterly basis. According to the Ministry of Industry and Communications's 14th Five-Year Plan for the Development of the Information and Communication Industry, the target number of 5g base stations per 10,000 population reached 26 in 2025, which, based on the results of the 7th National Census, is estimated to be approximately 3.67 million base stations in 2025 and 22-25 years
In our view, on the one hand, the quantitative goal of the policy is to set a lower limit for the development of the industry, with the future release of 5g2b applications, the scale of the base building or beyond expectations. On the other hand, the increase is driven by the company’s future in the operator’s market. The year 2021 was the year of the company’s high-quality development, with the firm’s deep involvement in the country’s 5g-large.
Building scale, which continues to increase the market share of key products such as 5g in the country, core networks, carryings, servers, storage, etc., 1. Middle-Change Communications (000063): Slight growth in targeted increases in acquisitions. Future firms are expected to move from mainstream to core suppliers, far from the top.
On the ground, synergies are worth looking forward to starting a strategic leap ahead, accelerating the development of the second curve, and the digital economy is expected to open up new opportunities for growth.
A slight positioning as a “digital economy builder” coincides with the 14th Five-Year Digital Economy Plan. Corporate communications are growing by 3. Mid-City (000063): q3 performance has increased significantly, looking at its outreach in the fields of IT operations, digital energy and terminals, with a focus on servers and storage, operating systems, etc.
The bottom competitiveness of its products, such as databases, is continuously released from the profits of the ict taps; the creation of two major industry task forces for mining, metallurgical steel and steel, exploring the application market for the 5g industry; the creation of a car electronics line, which promotes intelligent, networked and electrodynamic development in the automotive sector; and the creation of a team of experts in the area of motor vehicles.
The year-and-month performance forecast: a steady growth of diversified operations, the Department of Digital Energy Operations, and the new energy market. Through sustained innovative inputs and digital change, companies are expected to start again.
5. Communications - 000063-events to develop the imagination and applications of the digital economy. Assessment: the winning share increases with the Māori improvement expectations, or
Investment Recommendations: Take good care of the company as the base of the digital economy and achieve a transformation from cth to ct, \triangleright revalued by 210611
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.