At the end of his tenure, the compliance officer started a new journey.
On March 14th (United States time) of the United States Federal District Court for the Northern District of Texas, a hearing on the revocation of probation: and the company's announcement dated October 7th, 2018, concerning the revision of the prosecutor's term of office. The sentence was not to revoke the suspended term of the impending newsletter (i.e., the term of probation will expire on March 22nd, 2022 (United States time)) with no additional penalty, and confirmed that the inspector's term of office would be set for October 7th, 2018.
On 22 March 2022 (United States time), the U.S. Communications Opinion: 1) the impact of the U.S. events on corporate performance will be phased out at the end of the compliance ombudsman’s term; 2) in terms of regional dimensions, companies’ overseas operations are expected to return to their pre-2016 levels, accounting for more than 40% of revenue; in terms of business dimensions, firms accelerate their vertical expansion, upstream.
In the context of the digital economy, companies have for more than 30 years the advantage of deep farming in the ict field, leaving the constraints on re-launching. In 21 years, q4 pre-positions for critical materials were prepared to prevent global chip supply, 21 years q4 asset impairments were twice affected by events, and the impact of the end of the Compliance Ombudsman’s tenure in the United States will be phased out.
In March 2016, the U.S. Department of Commerce accused Naking of violating U.S. export-control policy against Iran and imposing an embargo on communications. In March 2017, the United States Department of Commerce, Department of Justice, and Treasury agreed to pay $890 million in fines, discipline of employees, and a seven-year period of study.
The hiring and sanctioning of the employees involved, and the false statements in the November 2016 and July 2017 letters, triggering an export ban on the China-China newsletter, put the company at a standstill. Eventually, in July 2018, the China-China newsletter claimed $1.4 billion (of which $400 million was a bond) and a settlement was reached after the change of management.
During the compliance observation period, the company invested more energy and money to meet compliance requirements, while branding and customer trust had some impact in the Euro-American region, affecting the company’s overseas business expansion. The impact is expected to disappear.
Looking back at the company ' s operations over the past 10 years, there were two major losses in 2016 and 2018 as a result of events in the United States. The US Department of Commerce entity list incident, 2016. Corporate overall growth was normal in 2016, with the Māori rate of each business module returning to its highest level in history, with the United States issuing a restraining order against the Chinese communications of the year. A three-month suspension of the company ' s overall operations led to the loss of some of its customers and income of the year.
After a sharp decline, the company will finally settle for a total of $1.4 billion in civil fines (a one-time payment of $1 billion and an additional $400 million suspended during the 10-year period of surveillance), resulting in a net profit loss of $6,984 million for its parent in 2018. If the fines paid back to the United States in 2016 and 2018 are added back, the company ' s overall performance has grown steadily over the past 10 years.
Figure 1: Communications 2012-2021 operating income and net profits (in billions of yuan)
The outbreak triggered an overload of networks, and global network infrastructure will be further upgraded. When sub-household households use video, video games, bandwidth, and intensive services, the network traffic increases rapidly and the network infrastructure faces bottlenecks. According to Reuters, yououtube, netflix, and Facebook account for an average of 80 per cent of the overall Internet bandwidth of the four major French telecommunications operators; Italian telecommunications indicate that the traffic has increased by more than 70 per cent since the closure of the city.
9.1 tbit/s. According to the United States cable television company Commcast, in March 2020, since the epidemic hit across the United States, video traffic has more than doubled, video traffic has increased by 38 per cent and video traffic has increased by 50 per cent.
There is much room for overseas 5g networking, and companies are expected to return to their overseas operations in 2016 levels. According to gsma, in 2025, the 5g connection in the developed regions of the developed world will reach 53% penetration in the developed regions of South-East Asia, with 164 million connections; in North America, 48% penetration and 219 million connectivity; in Europe, 35% penetration and 236 million connectivity. As of 2021, the country ' s 5g base station was built at 1,425 million.
In the past five years, companies’ overseas operations have been more affected by events in the United States, where the first round of gold-building abroad in 5g in 2018 was lost due to events in the United States and several major national priority projects, and we believe that as the impact of events in the United States is eliminated, the company’s overseas operations are expected to return to pre-2016 levels.
More than 40 per cent of operating income. Figure 5: gsma projected global 5g connections in 2025 (in billions, per cent) Figure 6: Middle-Engineer 2013-2021 battalion income by region (in %)
2. In terms of business dimensions, the company ' s second curve will accelerate the expansion of digital economy builders and accelerate the expansion of the second curve. The company will continue to expand its new business and accelerate the growth of its energy, digital energy, and intelligent family. In its area, the company will strengthen the expansion of automobile electronics; and it will set up two major task forces in the mining and metal and steel industries, with applications, IT and big data support.
In the area of digital energy, the company has set up the Digital Energy Products Department, strengthened its power sources, and idc data centres, and actively expanded its new energy operations. In intelligent households, the company has created smart family product lines to expand its consumer-oriented household intelligence products.
Corporate cooperation in the vertical field is beginning to bear fruit. In its operations, companies, together with operators, industry chain partners, provide digital solutions and services to industry clients. In 15 industries, such as electronic manufacturing, steel, metallurgy, mines, electricity, railing, ports, new media, and the arts and travel industry.
More than 60 innovative demonstration applications have been implemented. With respect to auto electronics, the company ' s auto operating system has been certified as as asil-d, and there are layouts for vehicle-borne chips and soa basic software. A strategic agreement has been signed with China ' s partners, such as the Steam Group, the East Soft Wikitze, and Airsin Electronics, which will jointly boost the autonomous core capacity-building of auto operating systems, chips, and basic software.
In the field of photovoltaics, the global accumulation of PV 400mw+ is widely applied to communications network storage, photovoltaic power generation, micronet storage, etc.
In July 2018, the company established the Board of Directors' Export Compliance Committee to consider the adoption of the Rules of Procedure of the Board of Directors' Export Compliance Committee, together with the creation of a team of export control compliance experts, the addition of legal compliance teams, the construction and optimization of the company's export control compliance management structures, systems and processes, and the overall enhancement of online and offline compliance training within the company.
In 2021, companies invested $18.8 billion in research and development, an increase of 27.1% compared to the previous year, and their fundamentals have been improving and operating steadily. In the context of the digital economy, companies own more than 30% of their cultivation in the ict field.
In 21 years, q4 companies pre-positioned critical materials to prevent global chip supply, 21 years q4 Q1 the epidemic affects overseas business development; 2 innovation business development is not as good as expected; 3 upstream raw material scarcity impacts; Mid-Engine News - 3rd Quarterly Performance Review: High Performance Growth, Embracing 5g and New Opportunities for Digital Transformation --
Mid-Engineer ' s Bulletin - Bi-annual performance forecast for 000063-2021: Reported over-expected and pattern optimized significantly improved profitability - Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author