The main equipment has recovered in the near future, boosting confidence, communications (00000063).
Received a court ruling not to revoke the suspended sentence (i.e., the term of probation would expire on 22 March 2022 (United States time)) and confirmed that inspections would not be carried out.
At the end of the compliance watch period, the company’s reputation for internationalization is expected to rise. As early as March 8, 2017, the company issued a public announcement stating that the agreement reached between China’s communications and Doj (United States Department of Justice) was set in three.
During the observation period, the United States Government approved the appointment of an independent compliance monitor to oversee the compliance of the company with United States export control laws and obligations under the agreement and to issue an annual report.
The company’s announcement of 8 October 2018 extending the term of office of the court-appointed Ombudsman until 22 March 2022. The company’s current announcement confirms that the Ombudsman’s term of office will end on 22 March 2022 (United States time) and that the company’s compliance will be fully able to withstand the internationalization process.
As a test of sequence, the path to future internationalization is expected to open further, leading to a 9.1% increase in both domestic and foreign business reputations, and as the technological advantages of companies gradually emerge, the performance of companies abroad will steadily increase the market for operators. On the side of wireless products, there are more than 900,000 stations across the globe.
Point-scale commercials; cable product sidelight network markets continue to maintain industry leadership; core routers have won a number of bids by three major operators; companies are expected to continue to grow in terms of market ownership by operators. Businesses are growing rapidly, focusing on digital transformations. Servers and storages are expected to continue to grow.
Top-level firms entering finance, the Internet, energy, etc.: companies are actively expanding their applications and are expected to bring new growth points to the company. End-of-service operations are recovering, with new operations plus relatively deep 300 performance figures.
Rapid distribution. 5g mobile Internet product sales have broken out in 30 countries and regions, with household information at the end of the spectrum rising by more than 50 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a cumulative shipment of 580 million, maintaining a leading position within the industry, while companies expand production, while increasing brands, channels and market policies.
The rollback boosted confidence, and the telecommunications industry’s valuation is expected to rise back. The 5g application, the “East-West Count” new construction, is expected to be a more than anticipated focus for future communications, with a two-fold rise in valuation before basics.
It is recommended that attention be given to the areas and targets of disaggregation: Mesotropy (300308) of the optical module of the meta-cosm-based beacons, communication of the foil (300394), the new optical ring network (300383) of the East-West markers, the Invik (002837), the World Wide Web of Videoconferencing (300628), and the China-based navigation of the Beidou navigation application beacons.
5g News Dream Network Technology (002123). At the same time, the communication operator’s move to China (600941), as a long-term configuration direction, also needs to be focused.
We're keeping the company's net profit forecast for 2022-2024 at $8,642 million, performance, 5g net network benefits.
A multi-faceted breakthrough in the 5g market was not as advanced as expected; increased competition in the market and the spread of new products were not as widespread as expected. 8 years of research in China’s mobile telecommunications industry, 5 years of experience in securities, and the year 2018/2019 (Institutional investor ii-fiscal) was the best in communications during the country’s tenure.
I submit this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.