Communications in Central: External Disturbing Factors Released, Watching for ictron, 24/03/2022, Research Assistant Yao Kuo-hwa
▪ Incident: On 23 March, the Chinese newsletter issued a copy of its internal bulletin and received a ruling from the United States Federal District Court for the Northern District of Texas not to revoke the suspension period of the Chinese newsletter (i.e., it will expire on March 22, 2022 (United States time)) and will not be added to it.
Acknowledging also that the term of office of the Ombudsman will conclude on 22 March 2022 (United States time) with the full implementation of a compliance system to promote innovation and sustainable development in the global ict industry: Sino-Sing communication, which adheres to compliance as a cornerstone of strategic development and as a bottom line for business, will be fully implemented,
The current U.S. Federal District Court in the Northern District of Texas has ruled against the lifting of the probation period for the impending newsletter (i.e., it will expire on 22 March 2022 (US time)) and without any additional penalty, while confirming the end of the Ombudsman ' s term of office; in our view, the external disturbance factor
Gradual release, coupled with a sustained strengthening of compliance systems, sustained change in business fundamentals, good-looking domestic leadership of the ict industry, and significant technological, product and patent advantages, will drive further performance upwards.
▪ Accelerating the upgrading of the ict end-to-end series of products and solutions, building on the second growth curve: the chip area, which continues to enhance inputs in advanced processes, core ips, encapsulation and architecture innovation, is now equipped with industry-led chip design capabilities. In the operating system area, the product has been widely applied.
In December 2021, the China-China Communications Motors Operating System (CTS) was certified as a product of the highest level of Iso2662asil-d in the area of electronic motor security, and we believe that China-China communications adheres to low-level technology, patents and accumulated experience in the future.
(a) The Centre's communications continue to focus on energy, transport, finance and the Internet in government and business, and currently service servers and storage products are entering financial, Internet, energy, etc. headlines;
Year after year: Double-profit innovation. Large commercial bank core systems have been operating steadily for more than three years, and have taken the lead in achieving high state-owned growth, accelerated business expansion and greater resilience.
A core business is in operation. The current boom in communications is rapidly increasing the competitiveness of the ict end-to-end series of products and the number of drivers for a word-based solution 2022-03-09, accelerating business expansion and building a second growth curve.
Mid-Engine Communication (000063): Mid-Engineer Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Middle-Engine Communications as the domestic leader of the ict, Products, Technology 3 Quarterly Review 2021: Operations
Quantity q3 performance forecast: profitability
We look forward to future developments in communications and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Power has increased significantly, and performance has continued to increase.