The year-round performance was in line with expectations, and the decline in the value of the impairment inventory was expected to affect the impact of the mid-point newsletter (000063) The company issued a performance forecast for 2021, expected to become part of the general stock of the listed company in 2021.
The net profit of ordinary shareholders netting off non-recurring gains and losses of $3.0 billion-3.5 billion is largely in line with expectations for year-on-year growth, and the Māori rate has improved for year-on-year recovery. Companies now have double-digit growth in business income in 2021, of which domestic, international markets and business networks, political firms, consumers, etc.
For the operator, the company is shifting from a mainstream provider to a core supplier, raising its market share of the telecommunications infrastructure to about 11 per cent in the third quarter, which is critical in terms of 5g, core networks, carrying, servers and storage.
The Division will continue to increase its market share of global operators' operations in the future. (2) In the area of government and enterprise, the Division has been increasing its outreach in the fields of IT operations, digital energy and terminals, and has been active in building a second curve in corporate growth. In the area of IT, the focus of communications is on the construction of servers and storage, operating systems, etc.
The bottom-level competitiveness of its products, such as databases, is fast becoming 10 billion-grade products, while the mining, metal and steel industries are being set up to expand the depth of the application market in the 5g sector. (3) On the consumer side, this year, the company is working on mobile phones and on consumer home-smart products.
q3 with high profit growth, ict with major breakthroughs and a combination of ict technological hardware and hardware advantages extended to car electronics, reporting overperformance, ict with high sails.
The development of motor electronics lines, smart motors, network connectivity and electrodynamics.
Substituted by national production, the company ' s Māori rate continued to rise in the previous three quarters, and we believe that the company ' s Māori rate is expected to continue to rise in the future as communication is becoming more clear about the market and the company ' s technological and supply chain is improving.
Pre-positioning guarantees the stability of the supply chain, with 2021q4 taking full risk of impairment of assets. Company-induced. Due to large-scale pre-positioning of key materials, such as chips, taking into account the company's readiness and availability
The production cycle is relatively long, consistent with prior-period policies, and the calculation of stock drops based on the precautionary principle has some negative impact on the company's performance, but the recording of impairment losses in assets is conducive to early release
Risks, improving the quality of the statements, and without affecting the company’s continuously improving performance, we still look forward to the company’s potential for future performance growth. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: taking into account the company’s contribution of $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter of the first quarter
Risk factors: Increased trade friction, domestic construction of 5g below expectations, lack of expansion of overseas markets, balance sheet (millions of dollars)