Cao Xuant's performance does not affect the company's long-term business well-being. The asset impairment loss in 2021 is expected to be about RMB 1.4 billion, of which the asset impairment loss in the fourth quarter is about RMB 1.1 billion, mainly in the fourth quarter.
In the context of global chip supply constraints, companies pre-position critical materials, based on the precautionary principle, short-term impacts on the net profits of companies, pre-positions based on market conditions and the needs of their own development, reflecting the ability of companies to manage supply chain security, and the prospect of a return if successfully digested.
Corporate performance has increased significantly, and the Māori rate has improved significantly. Corporate business as a whole has been sound, with double-digit growth achieved in 2021, with revenues from domestic, international markets and operators, government, and consumer operations growing on an equal basis, with a record increase in both net return and non-net profit on parent deductions.
q3’s Māori rate is 36.82%, an increase of 4.68% over the same period in the previous year, and the increase in Māori is mainly due to improved operating margins for operators, which are expected to improve continuously throughout the year. The diversification of business layouts is expected to open the second growth curve and move beyond development to more than 500 in the world.
The company is deeply involved in the large-scale construction of 5g in the country, the continuous optimization of overseas production and market patterns, the maintenance of robust growth in the network of operators, and the maintenance of the fundamentals of corporate development.
In the consumer sphere, companies expand their brands and channels, create intelligent family lines, and expand their product lines.
In addition, the company has created a new Department of Digital Energy, which is now entering the new energy market. In addition, it has set up an electronics line for automobiles to facilitate intelligent growth in the area of automobiles.
My research view is that any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. And personal investment proposals, written or verbal commitments to share the return on securities or share the losses of portfolio investments in any form, are not valid.
There will be no change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are independent of the company and the author.