Performance met expectations, the Māori rate improved significantly, and the cost structure continued to optimize
At the end of the harvest, the three major operations in both regions grew, the base was solid, the second growth curve was robust, and the operator network collected $75.71 billion, an increase of 2.3 per cent over the previous year, mainly as a result of the share of domestic bidding.
(b) Promotion of value markets such as upgrading and overseas South-East Asia; 13.8 billion yuan, or 16.0 per cent more than the same year, for government enterprises; 40 per cent more than the same year, for domestic enterprises, with a doubling of server storage, the size of fist products such as data centres, goldendb distributed databases, and increasing branding influence;
The fee-payer business collected $25.730 billion, an increase of 59.2 per cent over the same year, with household end-of-life receipts increasing by more than 80 per cent over the same year, mobile phone receipts increasing by almost 40 per cent over the same year.
Looking ahead, according to the Ministry of Information and Communications spokesman, Tamaki Tanaka Tanaka, the 22-year target of building over 600,000 new base stations (654,000 in 21 years) is a reasonable goal that we consider to be consistent with the “slow and long” construction cycle of 5g. The 14th Five-Year Digital Economy Plan focuses on broadband construction, with grid-fixing openings for development.
In the context of a stable network and an optimal pattern of competition, companies are basically well-established. During the expansion of the government and business markets, firms have recently made a breakthrough. In the 2022-2023 server collection of China ' s telecommunications, only 12 companies were covered by a full range of companies, and we believe that the second-growth curve, represented by government enterprises, will be dynamic in the future.
The Māori rate has improved by the same year, with 22 years of profitable growth \triangleright in reason, accompanied by a continuous rise in the corporate self-research chip ratio, and 5g base station orders in the second half of the year 21.
Midway Communications (000063). The modest increase in acquisitions confirms that the Māori rate of the network of operators is expected to improve further, and that there is scope for further improvements in the overall Māori ratio of companies, with an optimal cost structure, higher R&D rates, more stable sales rates and lower management costs.
\triangleright continuously enhances R & D inputs in key areas such as 5g, digitization, building on long-term competitiveness, R & D inputs throughout the year 4. Mid-term Communication (000063); q3 has significantly increased performance.
The price of sales is 7.63%, an increase of 0.16 pct in the same year.
Investment Recommendations: With the increase in the Māori rate and the optimization of the cost structure, the company ' s profits are expected to be fully released, and we expect the company ' s methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.