On 12 January, the company released 2016, after deducting the cost of distribution, for the construction of the high-speed optical device.
Performance forecast, net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $114 million - 124 million, up from the same period the previous year
The company is set to build up the production capacity of high-speed light device products and upgrade the current production technology. The high-speed device construction project will produce 30.6 million additional high-speed light devices in the post-partum period, consolidate the company’s position in the light communication segment market and effectively improve the competitiveness of the product.
Large capacity, opportunities for intelligent upgrading, and the trend towards large-scale construction of data centres and the continuous development of 5g technology, this time through high-speed optical device construction projects, companies are helping to optimize the structure of their products, increase market share, maintain an advantage within the industry, increase competitiveness in the field of light devices, and promote further business layout for the company.
At the same time, the size of the company’s operating income and profitability will increase significantly, contributing to the company’s ability to compete at the core, resist risks, and sustain development. The company’s performance has grown steadily over 16 years, driven by the release of productive capacity and new products from fund-raising projects.
The project will gradually release capacity: (2) new product lines will gradually move from a small batch to a volume phase, which will lead to a steady increase in corporate performance; (3) since their listing, companies have increased their R & D capacity through the construction of R & D centres, and three series of new products have been introduced: OSa high-speed optical devices, optical components with sequesters, and barrel.
At the same time, the company has set up branches in Shenzhen and Wuhan to provide quick localized responses and services to clients, to increase the development of high-end customers, both within and outside the country, to expand the market share of major products, to further expand the industrial chain, and to extend and consolidate the niche of domestic fibre-optic connectivity markets.
The company ' s performance in 2016 grew steadily, driven by the production phase. The leading firm in the field of unsourced light devices, which accelerated the layout of the source-based optical devices, the company ' s main products prior to listing were ceramic cylinders, fibre optic adapters and a wide range of optical-receivable components.
For telecommunications operators, data centres, cloud computing, fibre optics and so on. Since the company's listing, Lee Jun-yung has increased its research and development capabilities, and the company has increased its efforts to develop new products and projects.
The design module and volume production have been successfully implemented; the receptableo.i (with sequester components) project has been certified and produced in bulk by multiple clients; the osa light device has entered the production order by virtue of the advantage of the equipment process and team experience; and multi-programming products from the optical and sender component team have been successfully produced in conjunction with the client’s 100-g product.
Large clients like Nakhing have established stable supply relationships, and good branding and rich customer resources have ensured the digestion of the production capacity of high-speed light device construction projects, providing a solid basis for raising the company’s market share. Companies’ unsourced light devices have grown steadily, increasing the layout of high-speed light devices and increasing competitiveness in the field of light.
Yang Jian, a master’s degree student, has nine years of professional experience in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, etc., joined Min Lee Joon-sung in August 2015, graduated from the University of Reding, United Kingdom, with a master’s degree in international securities and investment banking, and joined civil securities in September 2015.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.