Performance met expectations, high-speed high-speed light device project with an enhanced layout - Foil Communications (300394)
The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 30.80 per cent over the same period of the year and increased by $12.1254 million over the same period of the previous year.
During the reporting period, the company achieved a gross operating income of $310 million, an increase of 30.80 per cent over the same period in the previous year, mainly due to factors such as the gradual release of the project ' s production capacity and the gradual entry of some new product lines into production.
With the start-up of the company, new products, new project developments and the successful implementation of the barrellens design model and volume production; the receptableo.i project has been certified and produced in bulk by multiple clients; the osa light device is now in the process of production with the advantage of the equipment process and team experience.
Multi-programme products from 100 g of household products are also well produced. Companies are doing well and performing steadily, and the unit compares with the trend of 300 depths with some upfront R & D input in the new product line.
In order to speed up the company's in-house projects, and accelerate its entry into the top 100-g market, the company intends to co-invest $21 million with Guangdong Yongjian in the establishment of Su Tianfu optics Ltd., which will be funded over the reporting period.
For example, 30%. Suzhou Tianfu Fine Optics Ltd. will set up a new fully-owned subsidiary in Japan to acquire Japanese technology and assets.
At the same time, the company intends to set up an Industrial Merger and Purchase Fund in the amount of up to RMB 135 million and Shenzhen Cheng Tang to accelerate the pace of corporate outreach by drawing on the expertise of professional investment agencies.
During the reporting period, the company issued a plan for an increase of up to $718 million for the construction of high-speed light devices, which were designed primarily to build the production capacity of high-speed light device products and upgrade existing production technology.
The high-speed light device construction project will produce 30.6 million additional high-speed devices in the postnatal period, consolidating the company’s position in the light communication segment market and effectively improving the competitiveness of its products. The construction period is 30 months, with production on the side of construction, and the project reaches the postnatal stage, with a normal annual operating income of 834 million yuan and a net profit of 150 million yuan.
The company will increase the production capacity of the various high-speed optical devices, increase market ownership of the company and continue to maintain the advantage within the industry.
Third, profit predictions and investment proposals. Corporate non-sourced light devices are growing steadily, source devices are expanding at an accelerated rate, and high-speed high-speed devices projects are expected to be enhanced.
1. Mobil Communication (300349) dictation report: Increase layout, high-speed light devices, promotion of long-term performance to good 2. Investment strategy report 2017 for the communications industry: Technology
Technology drives change, and the layout industry is growing in a way that is less favourable than expected; production volumes of new products are not as fast as expected; fixed gains are blocked.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements by Cheng Ping, team leader. Doctor of Management, People ' s University of China, Director of Mba Business School, China Petroleum University; with nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, 2016 Yang Jian, master ' s degree, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, etc., joined the people in August 2015
The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.