Performance in line with expectations, project expansion and contribution to new products - Yearly report evaluation for 2016 for Tienfu Communications (300394) Performance in line with expectations, project release capacity and volume of new products driven by two-wheel drive
During the \triangleright reporting period, the company achieved a 30.8 per cent increase in gross operating income in 2016 over the same period in the previous year, mainly due to factors such as the gradual release of project capacity and the gradual entry of some new product lines.
The net profits of the division’s shareholders grew by 17.73 per cent over the year, and net profits grew less than gross operating income owing to factors such as the investment in the pre-research and development costs of new products.
Inner growth has been accompanied by full client demand capture, ongoing research and development of new products using established research and development centres, successive sample testing, client certification and progressive bulk production. New product lines have continued to grow, contributing to the steady growth of companies.
\triangleright During the reporting period, osa high-speed light devices, optical transceivers with isolation devices and barrellens were new products that the company has been launching since the second half of 2015, with multiple customer certifications completed for each of its major clients.
A new product line has entered bulk production. With the start-up of the Suzhou R & D Centre, the company has increased its efforts to develop new products, new projects, and the barrellens design module and volume product has been successfully implemented; the project has been certified and produced in bulk by multiple clients; and the OSa lightware is based on the power of the equipment process, the team.
At the same time, the company has invested in the creation of the Jiang Tianfu, the precision of the Tianfu and the Tianfu Young Federation, and has invested in the establishment of the M & A Fund to actively explore the extension of the programme.
During the reporting period, the company issued a plan for an increase of up to $718 million for the construction of high-speed light devices, which were designed primarily to build the production capacity of high-speed light device products and upgrade existing production technology.
The high-speed light device construction project will produce 30.6 million additional high-speed devices in the postnatal period, consolidating the company’s position in the light communication segment market and effectively improving the competitiveness of its products. The construction period is 30 months, with production on the side of construction, and the project reaches the postnatal stage, with a normal annual operating income of 834 million yuan and a net profit of 150 million yuan.
Research assistant: Masson, with a 4.25-year return on investment dynamics and a better economy. The company’s implementation of a high-speed optical device construction project is of strategic importance for the public sector to increase market ownership and maintain a dominant position within the industry.
1. Fibre communication (300349): high-speed light devices to promote long-term performance
$M. Maintains the "Very recommended" rating. 2. Communications Sector Investment Strategy Report 2017: Technology and Technology for Change, Growth Directions for Layout Industry
3. Tri-quarter review of the Tianfu communication (300394): Chengping, head of the tmt group. Ph.D. in Management, China Oil University Business School, baa mentor; nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, 2016
Yang Jian, Master of Arts, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, August 2015 joined the People ' s Masson, graduated from the University of Hoyoji, Master of Business Administration, and joined the People ' s Securities in 2016. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,