A study on communications in the aorta (300394) with a view to increasing production capacity, depth layout lightware industry, 24 January 2017
Events: The company issued a public announcement that it intended to raise up to $71,800.0 million for the "high-speed light device construction project" for a specific target group. The company expects to add 30.6 million new annual capacity to the high-speed light device construction project after delivery.
The production capacity of high-speed light devices further enhances the competitiveness of companies, enhances their overall profitability and achieves sustainable development in the future.
The rapid growth of communication networks, driven by the continued rapid outbreak of personal/enterprise data operations, the continued increase in fibre-optic broadband network penetration and the large-scale development of cloud computing, has increased the demand for large data centres. The high-speed light module is the most important light.
One of the connecting devices is a multiplicity of companies in the country. The Fertilde is on the light market, and the new products of the Osa high-speed light device, the sequestering device, the photorel component, and the barrel series are all made up of light modules in 2015.
Important components. The barrellens design module and volume product are currently being successfully implemented; the receptableo.i (with sequester components) project has been certified by multiple clients and produced in bulk; the OSa light device has evolved with the advantage of the equipment process and team experience
The company receives investment funds and invests in new plants and production lines, which will greatly enhance the production capacity and market share of the products.
Multi-business creates virtuous complementarities and upgrades the corporate industry: companies have decided to expand their product lines to enhance corporate competitiveness against the backdrop of increased annual market competition for their main products.
The components, the barrel series, are also light communication products, and there is a fixed overlap in client resources.
There is a deep accumulation of process processes, production for profit, and a steady push for industrial technological innovation, with an accumulation of patents and technologies with autonomous intellectual property rights, which will help to ensure the quality of new business products. We believe that the company has a number of important products in the field of communications.
To raise the value of the company’s industrial chain and its position in the company’s industry. To develop a future shareholder return plan to boost market confidence: the company’s annual cash-distribution profits for the next three years and 2019 should be no less than what was achieved that year.
20 per cent of the distributed profits, with an increase in the share of the dividends based on actual profits, which is conducive to enhancing shareholder confidence in the company and support for the fund-raising project, in the interest of the division, looking at the layout and expansion of the company in the light communication device industry, and giving it an “enhancement”
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board