China ' s Central Free (60188) Leisure Service has deepened its layout through all channels, and the advantage of tax-free tap size has grown in the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Recommended logic: 1) Tax-free cakes continued to grow, supported by the over-anticipated liberalization of the exemption policy from the island in 2020, with the volume of duty-free sales from Hainan Island reaching $27,480 million in 2020, an increase of 103.7 per cent compared to the previous year.
In the long run, the tax off-the-island off-the-shelf business will fully compensate for the loss of off-the-line passenger flow, tap-in demand for consumption, and support short-term performance. (3) The tax-free sector will be competitive in the long term.
The division, as a leader in the industry, has a high level of size barriers and a strong bargaining power over upstream brands, coupled with the gradual rationalization of supply chain management for online sales, and the prospect of further consolidation of the company’s tax-exempt leader barriers. The barriers to scale are prominent, and the tax-exempt leader with strong profit growth is a firm that actually controls the State Council’s State Treasury.
A strong corporate background gives companies a unique policy advantage. From 2013 to 2019, the company’s combined annual revenue growth rate was 18.4%, with a 40.5% increase in tax-exempt operations, and the boom in tax-exempt industries supported the firm’s rapid growth in operating income.
This represents an increase of 2%, with 95.5% of tax-exempt operations having been removed from the subsidiary's National Travel Service during the year. The company's profitability has increased again after focusing on tax-exempt operations, reaching 49.4% in 2019, and active marketing, among other means, to cope with the impact of the epidemic.
In recent years, the share of duty-free consumption in China has increased steadily. World Tax-Free Association data show that China consumed about 40% of global duty-free goods in 2019 and sold about on a global scale.
9.6% (previously 7.5%) is well below the consumption scale, and the side confirms the severe outflow of duty-free consumption: China ' s tax-free sales rose faster than in 2018, and consumption is expected to return faster if it is affected by the epidemic. The tax-free policy for leaving the island in July 2020 was more than expected, with a shopping limit of 5,000 yuan/
People gradually eased to $100,000 per person and eliminated the tax-free quota of $8,000 for individual commodities, resulting in a significant increase in the volume of sales of commodities in Hainan, which grew by more than 200 per cent in July-September 2020, and in October-December 2020, when Hainan entered the tourist season, with intensive marketing activities during the 11 gold weeks and the 2-Eleven shopping festivals.
The tax-exempt amount remains at a high rate of more than 150% per month, leaving the island effectively absorbs the demand for back-flow consumption, and creating a new consumption landscape through multiple channels, such as online consumption. A three-wing deeper tax-exempt layout, with a growing advantage.
The single-price ceiling was opened, and the duty-free consumer unit price in Hainan was $6128.8 per person in 2020, an increase of 69.4 per cent over the same period. The company is expected to raise the unit price faster by introducing off-island repurchase policy plus a multi-purpose shop layout; 2) airport tax exemption: the airport tax exemption is the highest among the tax-exempt channels, 2018
The annual ratio is 73.2%; the exemption is the tax-free operation of the North Central Airport. Fifty-eight of the 65 airports operating in the country have duty-free shops. The epidemic has affected the flow of passengers down the airport line.
Intra-city tax exemption: 20 years after the company re-opened five duty-free shops in the city, tax-free duty-free locations in the city created an effective complement to the border-exit duty-free shops and conducted site-selection studies in priority cities throughout the country, although the company's current duty-free shop layout in the city does not have a clear advantage.
With the pace of expansion accelerating, tax-exempt operations in the city still have much room for imagination. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
For the first time, a “buy-in” rating was covered. Increased and reduced exit from the country prevented the airport tax-free shop from recovering as expected.1 Company profile: high barriers to scale, strong tax-free leader with strong profit growth
1.1 The NCC has a strong background and full-licensed advantage in establishing tax-exempt dominance. China Tourism Group Exempt Company (formerly China Travel Group Limited) is a listed company controlled by China Tourism Group Limited. It is a large-scale stock-based enterprise focused on tourism retail (tax-free) operations, which was organized by the United States Tourist Group in 2008.
The company was listed in 2009 at Shanghai Stock Exchangesa. The company's industry is tourism, mainly in tax-free business and tourism business complex development. The fully-owned subsidiary of the Department is the largest tax-free operator in the country, working in the distribution and distribution of duty-free goods such as tobacco, alcohol, perfume, etc.
The company’s parent company, China Tourism Group Ltd., was the largest tourist company in China, and in 2016 it was merged with China and brought together under the flag.
In March 2019, the China Tourist Group moved its headquarters from Beijing to Haikou City in Hainan Province, becoming the first company to be located in Hainan Province, and will benefit from a tax concession of almost 40% based on the original tax rate calculation. The State Council’s State Property Supervisory Board holds 100% of the shares in China Tourism Group Limited, the parent.
The company holds 53.3% of the company’s shares, and China’s effective control is the State Finance Committee of the State Council. A strong corporate background gives the Department a unique policy advantage.
In order to strip away the parent company, the parent also delegated 51% of its holdings to the management of the company, resolving the former competition of the parent subsidiary. The company is the only company with a listed share in China’s tourism group subsidiary, which is dedicated to tax-exempt operations with the resources of the parent company, and is currently the only listed company whose main business is tax-free.
In mid-2018, after the company’s acquisition in China and Shanghai, the company’s brand advantage in the tax-exempt industry was further enhanced. The company’s management team had long experience in the corporate sector, marketing, export-import procurement, investment management, etc.
Key lines of business have experienced and professional executives, and the entire team has long experience and deep knowledge of tax-exempt operations, which provides a strong talent base for companies to further develop tax-exempt operations. 1.2 Consolidated operations focus on tax-exempt tracks, and acquisitions build super strong players.
In the early stages of company development, the three main lines of business -- traditional tourism, duty-free goods and tourism investment -- went hand-in-hand, operating under the umbrella of the subsidiary country's General Hotel, the China Free Group and the United Kingdom. In order to optimize the structure of the business, the company focused on tax-free track, the company cut off its travel business, the day of acquisition (China), Japan (Shanghai) and China (Shanghai) and the country's tax-free market were expanded significantly.
In June 2020, the company changed its name from “China’s National Tourism” to “China’s” so as to highlight the core value of tax-exempt operations and become a leader in the domestic tax-exempt industry. The company’s development process can be divided broadly into three phases:
Mainly engaged in tax-exempt operations, travel agency operations and business complex investment development operations, in which the exempt group of subsidiaries is responsible for the tax-exempt section, which deals with the wholesale and retail operation of duty-free goods such as tobacco, alcohol, perfume, etc.; the General Service of the United States of America, which is responsible for the travel section, which deals with travel-in-country tourism, domestic tourism, visa services, etc.; and the United States of America Investment Corporation, which is responsible for the business complex investment development section, which operates the brigade.
Investment in and management of tourism projects, development and operation of tourism facilities, tourism industry studies, etc. In 2009, companies were listed in a stock market, with the sale of goods (tax exemption) and tourism services as their main business.
In 2011, the Ministry of Finance issued a bulletin on the implementation of a pilot policy on duty-free shopping for passengers from Hainan Island, in which the company seized power from Zeri, opened a city-wide tax-free shop and built the Sanya Sea Bay International tax-free city in Sanya, giving priority to Hainan ' s tax-free development of the highlands. In 2014, the company opened Cambodia ' s first offshore municipal duty-free shop and set up an offshore duty-free market.
The consolidation of acquisitions within the tax-free sector has led to the acquisition of 51% of the shares in Japan and Shanghai, and the consolidation of companies’ tax-free operations at the capital and Shanghai airports. Phase III (2019 to date): the focus on tax-free operations has been on upgrading the industrial chain, highlighting tax-free features and increasing brand recognition.
After 2019, the company upgraded the value chain with tax-exempt operations at its core, consolidating operations other than tax-exempt operations. To address the competition between the public and controlling shareholders, the company focused on tax-exempt owners, and in 2019, the company transferred 100% of the share of the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Travel Agency's National Hotels to the controlling shareholder China Travel Group Ltd., which will also be part of the China Tourism Group.
In May 2020, the company acquired 51% of the shares held by the controlling shareholders in Hainan Province Tax Exemption Limited. On June 12, 2020, the name of the company was changed from China Travel Company Limited to China Travel Group, and the company securities were changed from China Travel to China Free.
In China, “tourism retailing” will be used as an extension of the chain of upgrading industries, further building the world’s leading global tourism retail operators. Figure 2: Corporate development history
Acquisition of integrated operations, expansion of duty-free market shares Tax-free and travel agency operations combined, joint development Focus on duty-free operations, increased brand recognition
2008: Opening of tax-exempt shops in Sanya City by the China National Tourism Group limited public, 2019: Departure from the General Hostel, settlement and settlement
The Department co-sponsored with the Washington, D.C. Group, the country's first off-island tax-free shop.
A subsidiary exemption group is responsible for exemption from competition and focuses on duty-free operations. 2014: Sanya International Free City is opened.
Tax business, travel agency in charge of the National Travel Service, which operates tax-exempt shops in Cambodia's overseas municipalities.
“China Travel” has been renamed China Tourism 2017: Acquisition of 51% of China's shareholdings in Shanghai Day.
To be granted tax-free operating rights at the airport in the capital, the winning bid is “China Free.” Further emphasis is placed on sales of public goods (tax-free) and tourism services.
In Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China, the tax-free business of tobacco and alcohol is characterized by tax-free ownership, which enhances the company's investment in Sanya Bay Rivermin Island.
2010: Establishment of the Foreign Investment Corporation, minus 2018: acquisition of 51 per cent of the shareholding in Shanghai, Japan; responsibility for project investment and investment management operations.
From 2013 to 2019, the combined annual growth rate of corporate operating income was calculated as follows:
18.4 per cent, or 23.7 per cent, of the annual compound increase in net profit returns from the sale of duty-free goods, which increased at a combined rate of 40.5 per cent, maintaining a relatively rapid overall growth rate. In 2019, the company generated 47.970 billion yuan, a 2 per cent increase compared to the increase in 2018 (+66 per cent), a sharp decline in the rate of growth, mainly as a result of the company ' s loss of the subsidiary ' s head office in 2019.
Income from business in the current year: However, in 2019, net return profits increased by 49.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, much faster than income gains, mainly due to the fact that tax-free operations were more profitable than other business segments, such as tourism services, and the overall improvement in corporate profitability following the divestment of tourism services in 2019, with a focus on a higher level of tax-free retail sales with a higher Māori rate.
Since 2020, as a result of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, we have experienced a sharp decline in our domestic and inbound tourism markets, a low level of tourist-gas indexes, and a sharp blow to corporate tax-exempt operations. Faced with the adverse situation, companies have been working hard online to activate the off-island duty-free market.
Billion dollars (year-on-year +39%) and revenue recovery is fast on a seasonal basis. q3 net interest rates have risen to 15.1%, a level that was normal prior to the outbreak. The main reasons for the rapid recovery are: 1) strong business development on the line, with direct mail sales becoming a new growth point in performance; and 2) tax-free shopping in the New Deal for Ex-Island, which eases shopping restrictions, raises the price of duty-free markets from the island and sells high Maori luxury goods.
At the operational level, companies are gradually focusing on tax-exempt sections, with tax-exempt income ratios showing a significant upward trend, rising to 95.5 per cent in 2019, when they were removed from the National General Hotel.
From 2013 to 2019, corporate tax-exempt operations registered a complex annual growth rate of 40.5%, and companies further consolidated their tax-exempt flagship status by adopting a fast-track strategy of acquisition and acquisition.
The tax-free business is a high rate of Maori due to the small number of intermediates and the low cost of circulation, and the company, as a leader in the industry, has a strong bargaining power over suppliers, with significant scale effects, which can be purchased at lower cost and acquired, with the higher tax-free business share increasing, the company as a whole has a significant increase in Maori.
The Māori rate of the company ' s duty-free operations remained at 45 per cent in 2013-2016, and the Māori rate of the company ' s tax-free operations rose further to 50 per cent in 2019 following the acquisition of China in 2017 and Shanghai in 2018 and Shanghai in Japan in 2018. Māori rate of the company ' s overall Māori rate increased from 23.1 per cent in 2013 to around 10 per cent.
By 2019, 49.1 per cent, mainly as a result of the increase in the share of integrated tax-exempt operations, the company ' s overall focus on tax-exempt operations in high Maori, following the removal in January 2019 of the subsidiary General Hotel in charge of tourist clothing services, had led to a shift in the overall Māori ratio towards tax-free sales costs. The sales cost rate has shown a marked upward trend since 2017, reaching 31.1 per cent in 2019.
The peak is due to the increase in sales costs associated with the acquisition of China and Shanghai, Japan, and the expansion of duty-free operations at airports, resulting in higher rental costs. The fall in the q3 sales rate in 2020 was due to a policy of rent relief for major airport channels, lower rental costs raised and an increase in the share of sales of direct mail purchases on a line with relatively low sales costs.
The firm's cash flow has been robust and has benefited from the rapid growth of high-mori tax-free operations, and in recent years the net cash flow from business activities has increased faster, rising from q3 to $6.65 billion in 2020, a 76.7 per cent increase over the same period, mainly due to the high rents paid in the current period for its operating premises.
In the wake of the warming of the tourism industry and the outbreak of the off-island duty-free market, the company, Roe, is expected to recover rapidly. 2 Industry analysis: accelerated return of duty-free consumption plus over-expected liberalization of the policy, leading by 2.1 tax-free markets growing in size and rising domestic consumption ratio
The tax-free sector is a subsidiary sector of the tourism industry. It is a retail tourism service that sells duty-free goods to international travelers or specific travellers in each country and region, in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations.
The tax-free trade sector is characterized by high entry barriers and high operating barriers in many intermediates, thereby reducing intermediate costs and promoting consumer returns. Tax-free shop practices include duty-free entry/exit shops (including airport duty-free, intra-city duty-free) and off-island exemptions, respectively.
Tax-exempt services are provided to arriving and departing passengers. Depending on the place of sale and the person of supply, the most common duty-free stores worldwide are: airport duty-free shops, on-board duty-free shops, border duty-free shops, outer-wheel-supply duty-free shops, passenger terminal duty-free shops, railway stations, diplomatic duty-free shops, intra-city duty-free stores, cruise duty-free stores, etc.
The airport channels accounted for the largest share, 55.4 per cent, followed by intra-city, off-island channels, 38.6 per cent, and aircraft, cruise lines, 3.4 per cent and 2.6 per cent, respectively.
Tax exemptions (value added tax (VAT) and excise tax (CAT) are granted to domestically produced goods sold in duty-free shops.
Global tax-free commodity sales have grown at a steady overall rate, with China increasing tax-free at a faster rate than the global average. Global tax-free sales grew from $46 billion to $82 billion in 2011-2019, with an average compound annual growth rate of 7.5 per cent and a sharp decline in 2015 from 2.2 per cent to 2.2 per cent, owing to the short-lived fluctuations in the impact of the Mers epidemic.
The major forces, sales, and growth in tax markets are ahead of other regions. According to Swedish research institutions, tax-free and tourism retail sales will reach $82 billion in 2019, an increase of 5.9% over the previous year.
The central driving force behind the global tax-free and tourism retail industry: third, the continued increase in the share of such goods as perfume: four, on-line business, and the growing importance of electricity suppliers: the fifth, the high growth of duty-free shops within the city. From 12 billion yuan to 54.5 billion yuan in 2011–19, China’s tax-free sales grew at a higher rate in 2019.
Thirty-eight%, with China’s tax-exempt industry growing at an average annual compound rate of 20.8% in 2011-2019, is higher than the 7.5% annual compound increase in global duty-free sales. Tourism continued to be depressed in 2020 as a result of the new crown epidemic, and the global tax-free market, especially airport channels, received severe shocks and challenges.
China’s tax-free market is promising for the future, as the state continues to introduce good policies to attract the return of overseas consumption, and the accelerated implementation of the Hainan Free Trade Zone has led to tax-free exits from the island. China’s tax-free consumption outflows are high, but the share of duty-free consumption in China has increased steadily in recent years.
Millions of yuan. In 2019, China and the world sold 54.5 billion yuan and $82 billion, respectively, on a dollar-$6.8 per dollar basis, and China sold about 9.6 per cent of global sales (compared with 7.5 per cent above), far below the consumption scale, showing a significant outflow of duty-free goods: China tax-free goods compared to 2018.
Consumers in China are the dominant force in the global luxury market, and consumer demand is growing with sufficient momentum. The share of China’s consumer luxury consumption in the global market has been increasing, rising from 1% in 2000 to 35% in 2019, 2000-2010,
Growth. Global luxury market consumption in 2018 amounted to Euro260 billion, with China accounting for the largest share of consumers, reaching 33 per cent, and China ' s rising consumer capacity, which is becoming a strong force in the global luxury market. It is expected that this segment of high-end consumers will be expected to support tax-free domestic sales when tax-free payments return.
2.2 The tax-exempt industry in China is licensed by the state, and the state centrally manages, issues license plates, and obtains the qualifications of tax-exempt businesses by the Ministry of Finance, the National Tax Administration, and the General Customs Administration.
There are only 10 tax-exempt licences in China, while China has three tax-exempt groups, Japan tax-exempt companies, Hainan tax-exempt, and the other seven tax-exempt Shenzhen, Pearl Sea tax-exempt, Chinese uniform tax-exempt, China tax-exempt, Wang's capital well, China's tourism and Hainan's development.
There are tax-exempt licence plates, but their respective tax-exempt licence plates do not allow for the same areas of operations. Of these, licence-licensing operators who can operate duty-free operations throughout the country are exempt from tax-free China is exempt from tax-exempt and tax-free China.
China has the highest market share of free sales, with 85% of the city and 6% of the sea. In May 2020, China’s share of free sales was higher.
China’s share of China’s cities, calculated as China’s free China, will be 91%, with even greater advantages. The share of China’s cities, including China’s free, deep, and Chinese, will be 4%, 3%, and 2%, respectively.
A further comparison of China’s consumption of luxury goods within and outside the sea shows a growing trend in consumption returns. According to the Global Report on Luxury Goods, published by the Benein Consultation, China’s consumption of luxury goods is growing.
From 2011 to 2019, China increased its consumption of luxury goods from 29 per cent to 32 per cent, the size of the domestic market for luxury goods rose from 10.7 billion yuan in 2011 to 23.4 billion yuan in 2019 and 27.7 per cent in 2019. By 2020, the Bann Consultancy projected an increase of 48 per cent in China ' s private luxury goods market, which could reach 34.63.9 billion yuan.
In recent years, the Chinese government has continued to lower import tariffs, tighten controls over grey markets, and gradually reduce the domestic and foreign price differentials for luxury goods, leading to a rising share of domestic consumption among Chinese consumers. In the wake of the epidemic, there has been a rise in the level of immunity and a rise in global tax-free status.
In the first half of 2020, the Middle Group collected $19.31 billion (approximately $2.86 billion), while according to a report released by the tax-exempt and tourism retail media, Moodledavitt, the first tax-free retailer in 2019, Duffry with the 2020h1 registered with the highest tax-free retailer in Switzerland.
In the context of the global recession in duty-free markets, China has benefited from a rapid recovery in its home-grown duty-free markets. Chinese are the main source-sending countries of the global tourism and consumer market.
The decline in tourism led to a return in consumption, and China’s home-grown duty-free consumer market for luxury goods grew rapidly with the outbreak of duty-free land off the coast of Hainan. The global ranking of free sales in the consumption-led return-of-consumptions affected by the epidemic rose further.
On 23 March 2011, the General Customs Administration established the Interim Measures of the Customs of the People ' s Republic of China for the Regulation of Free Passenger Shopping in Hainan Province, which provide that, as of 20 April 2011, Hainan Province has been piloting the implementation of an off-island tax-exempt policy, marking the official landing of our off-island tax-exempt policy.
During the year, the duty-free shopping limit was gradually lowered from $5,000 per person/person to $100,000 per person/person, and the exemption for individual goods was lifted from $8,000. The exemption was extended from 18 to 45 commodities, the number of passenger purchases from non-island residents was eased from 2 times per year to no limit, and the channels for purchase and delivery of goods were more diversified and accessible.
The scale of duty-free sales and the number of shopping people in Hainan have increased rapidly since the New Deal for Exempted Islands. According to the Customs Department of Hainan, the volume of duty-free sales in Hainan Island in 2020 was $27.480 billion, an increase of 103.7 per cent, and the number of duty-free shopping persons in Hainan Island was 44.84 billion, an increase of 19.2 per cent, especially since July 2020.
In July-September, the rate of increase was more than 200% in the same month, and in October-December, the tax exemption was maintained at a high rate of more than 150% per month in the context of the intense roll-out of the tourist season and the gold week and the shopping festivals in Hainan. In terms of unit prices, after the elimination of the consumption limit for one commodity, the price of the free consumer unit rose rapidly, reaching $6128.8 per person per year in 2020.
Company 3 analysis: a three-wing deeper tax-free layout, with the advantage of 3.1 being off-island tax-free: policy achievement growth and new dynamic, with the prospect of becoming the highest share of tax-free international tax-free city 3.1.1 and 3: creating tax-free eco-bills, with the first signs of a rainbow-sort effect
The largest one-size-size tax-free shop has built industry poles and has become the backbone of corporate income. The Sanya Sea Bay tax-free shopping centre opened on 1 September 2014 for the largest single-body duty-free shop in the world, the Sanya Sea Bay tax-free shopping centre's main building, several international top brands have entered the country and integrated into recreational and recreational areas such as outdoor sports, food, children's gardens, etc.
Together with the easing of the epidemic and the continued release of the policy dividend, the company has rapidly expanded the influence of Sanya International Free City through marketing activities to attract consumption demand backstreams, and suburban passenger flows have risen in reverse positions. In the first half of 2020, the tax-free city generated $5.98 billion, an increase of 31 per cent, compared with 12.2 per cent.
The spread of income growth factors in the tri-Asian tax-exempt city, which we believe has been driven by multi-occupational integration and strong marketing strategies, has seen a faster rate of shopping transformation in the tri-o-tax city, with much room for improvement in the rate of entry and the unit price.
The company’s continued commitment to marketing, the third phase of the tax-free city’s use and the increase in tax-free consumption limits, the multiplicity of consumer practices in the tax-free city, and the continued release of market entry rates and unit prices. It is expected that the tax-free shop will be a model for the entire island and that it will be possible in the future to provide duty-free domestic stores and aircraft under the company’s charter.
On the other hand, following the relocation of the entire tax-free shop in Sanya on 1 September 2014 to the coast of the country, there has been a strong upturn in reception capacity, branding, and type of business.
The expansion of the area of operations has led to an increase in the ability to receive tourists and a reduction in the negative experience of crowding customers in various shops; on the other hand, the introduction of new brand names, the transformation of brands and the regularization of marketing activities has led to a gradual increase in the visibility of Sanya International Free City.
The rate reached 32% and is expected to increase faster in 20 years against a backdrop of over-expected liberalization of the policy. Marketing activities in the form of improved membership systems and continuous upgrading of customer shopping experience and consumer stickyness, with a continuous increase in the rate of transformation.
In addition, Sanya International Free City II was officially opened at the end of 2019. It operates in such areas as fine shopping, leisure and recreation, food and food, and raw market fairs, which complement the first tax-free business with a view to creating a recreational vacation complex for tourism and shopping.
Promotional activities such as rising consumption limits and off-island repurchases are driving up the price of the price of the price of the unit. The price of the single price of the tax-free city of Sanya International rose slowly from 2015 to 2019, and the price of the price of the unit was about $4,800 in 2019, based on tax-free city income/actual purchases.
Higher than the island-wide average unit price, with a 2.4 per cent increase in the same year, the slow growth in the unit price is mainly limited by tax-free consumption limits and tax-free store-run variety and formula. In June 2020, passengers leaving the island were transferred from $30,000 per person per year to $100,000 per year.
The purchase platform continues to be selected to facilitate full use of the tax exemption for those who have entered the shop but have not been able to purchase the right goods or travel time, and the sales on the off-island back-purchase line for four days have broken by $8 million. The off-island buy-out and the on-board consumption are well complemented, and it is hoped that the consumption demand for off-island passengers will be fully exploited, leading to faster increases in the bill price.
3.1.2 The acquisition of the sea is free from the consolidation of the tax-free status of the off-island, and the expansion of the scope of the tax-exempt status of the off-island is still dominant. In May 2020, the company acquired 51 per cent of the sea ' s equity and now owns duty-free Melanes airport stores, duty-free stores in Haiguchi, tax-free shops in Jonglei City, etc.
The firm holds the store. After the buyout, the advantage of the off-island duty-free market is further consolidated and the advantage of size is expanded through a single acquisition. There are currently 10 duty-free shops in Hainan that are operating or about to be delivered, and 6 duty-free duty-free shops that are exempt and exempt from custody, with an absolute advantage in sales; 6 of the 10 duty-free stores in December 2020
By the end of spring, new players in the new industry will have stepped up their entry, and the Hainan Ex-Island Free Shopping Market will have entered a virtuous phase of competition that will, in the long run, contribute to the healthy development of the Hainan Ex-Island tax-free industry, and work together to make off-island tax-free cakes. For consumers, more tax-free shops mean more shopping options, more commodity-based products, and an improved shopping experience.
3.1.3 Seagate International Tax Free City: The opening of a new market at Seagate is expected to continue the Sanya Free City growth path, with a robust increase in the number of passengers at Seaports and a greater potential increase in the demand for tax exemptions. The number of overnight arrivals at Seaport in 2019 was approximately 17,176,000, or 75 per cent, of those who spent the night at Sanya, and the annual rate of growth is generally consistent with the steady growth of Sanya.
However, in 2019, the size of the tax-free market for seafood was about $3.32 billion, representing only 32.6% of the value of the tax-free market (in terms of the size of the tax-free international market in Sanya), and the scope for growth is still considerable. The Seagate International tax-free city, which was closed at the end of 20 years, is expected to replicate the growth curve of Sanya International tax-free city.
The total area of construction planned for the Free City project is approximately 926,000 square metres, with a total of 290,000 square metres of construction for the tax-free commercial centre, which is expected to be twice the size of the tax-free city of Sanya on 30 June 2022.
The economic zone, which can also take on service functions both within and outside the island, has a clear geographical advantage. Based on the successful experience of Tria International tax-exempt city relocation and the expansion of its area of business, it is expected that Seagate International tax-exempt city will be restored to its growth path, creating a resonance and greater income elasticity with the Melanes Airport.
Airfield duty-free: the size of the operation has expanded, with the largest share of the head market, and the largest share of the head market. The size of the airport duty-free market is the highest in all tax-free channels, reaching 73.2% in 2018, accompanied by company acquisitions in China and Shanghai, Japan, and the capital.
At the top of the market share, and in the top of the head of the airport market, which has a greater flow of passengers and a greater volume of international flight throughput, Beijing & Shanghai Airport: expanded area of operations and revenues into fast-expanding areas.
In September 2019, the Pudong Airport Satellite Office became operational, with a tax-free commercial size of 1.7 times that of the terminal and an area of almost 10,000 square metres.
At the same time, the company has launched a new marketing strategy that seeks to achieve the “Ata Airport Free Shop Best Price” and enhances the attractiveness of tourism consumption. In 2019, the Shanghai Airport Free Shop (Hinpo Dong International Airport and Rainbow Bridge Airport Free Shop) achieved $15.15 billion in operating income, a 45% increase.
Moreover, the potential for consumption at the airport is still not fully released. Since the airport first opened in September 2019, the airport has seen a rapid increase in passenger traffic, reaching 16 million in the first half of 2020, approximately the capital airport.
In 2019, the capital airport tax-free shop (including t2, t3 terminal, and Dae-hing airport duty-free) achieved $8.59 billion in operating income, a 16.3% increase compared to the 16.3% increase.
In the first half of 2020, the flow of passengers at airports affected by the epidemic declined significantly, and since April, direct mail operations have gradually been opened up in Shanghai in response to the shrinking of the airport. Consumers are involved in straight-line mail purchases, which take two main forms, either by becoming daily tax-free members or by buying coupons.
While direct mail is a tax-free business, the net interest rate is higher than the airport because of the integration of duty-free goods into the supply system, the advantage of the size of the procurement, and the absence of airport fixed-point and manual costs.
In terms of unit prices, consumers tend to take full advantage of tax exemptions and higher unit prices because of certain thresholds for coupons. At present, direct mail not only cushions the impact of the epidemic on the downflow of airport passengers, but also further expands the consumption landscape and taps potential consumption demand.
Guangzhou Airport: The new shop has entered a period of growth and has become more flexible about the size of the northbound airport. Following the smooth opening of the border and entry stores at Guangzhou Airport in 2018, sales at Guangzhou Airport have been growing rapidly, and in 2019, at Guangzhou Airport, the tax-free shop at Guangzhou Airport.
The revenue from the operation was 1.92 billion yuan, representing an increase of 117.5 per cent. For example, at Haipton airport, the traffic at Guangzhou airport is close to Pudong airport, which in 2019 has reached more than 73 million cases, and at a higher rate than at Pudong airport in recent years, it is expected that, with the resumption of passenger traffic at Guangzhou airport after the outbreak and the completion of the construction of the new shop, the tax-free shop at Guangzhou airport will gradually enter the market.
3.3 Intra-city tax exemption: in-market tax exemption, long-term growth space, high tax-free ceilings and long-term growth momentum in the city. Tax-free shops in the city are less difficult to market because of their superior geographical location, higher rates of tourist entry, and lower rent and operating costs of renting duty-free shops in the city, and thus despite the turnover of customers.
For Korea, which has a well-developed tax-free industry, the tax-free market in Korea is larger than the tax-free market at the airport, making it the largest tax-free channel, with 85% of the tax-free market in 2019, and a longer-term view of the size of the duty-free market in the city as compared to the tax-free market at the airport.
In March and September 2020, a policy was introduced to optimize the distribution of duty-free shops in the city, coordinate and coordinate the establishment of exit points for duty-free stores in the airport's isolation zone, and implement the policy on duty-free shops, which is expected to develop rapidly in the long run with the support of the policy.
In 2020, the company reopened five duty-free shops in Shanghai, opened five duty-free shops in Shanghai, created an effective complement to the exit duty-free shops at ports, and promoted the full range of shopping experiences. The company is currently studying plans and business strategies for the expansion of the existing five duty-free shops in Shanghai.
It is expected that, despite the fact that companies currently have duty-free shop layouts in the city, they have begun to expand at an accelerated pace, and that duty-free operations in the city continue to be summarized in table 8.
Assumption 1: Hainan ' s exemption cap has been continuously raised in unit prices, amounting to $6,500, $6800 and $7,500, respectively, in 2020-2022; Assumption 2: corporate direct mail and off-island repurchase operations have increased their share of back-line operations and tax exemptions on the current line in Korea
Share of sales (approximately 30 per cent), taking into account China's higher consumer dependence on online consumption patterns, and the speed of expansion of online operations
After the cruise, the corporate valuation level rose from about 30 to 40 times, with domestic outbreaks pre-empting overseas mitigation since April 2020, and the off-island duty-free policy pre-empting the expected landing, and the company valuation premium space opened, currently 161.7 times the p-tm. Multiply. As the valuation of several listed companies with tax-exempt licence plates is not comparable, it is not yet fair to do so.
In view of the over-expected liberalization of the 2020 policy, companies, as industry leaders, have given priority to the quick release of the dividends, and have increased their sales through the opening of online channels and the accelerated deployment of duty-free shops in the city, giving them a high potential for success. The effects of the epidemic have led to a decline in the number of passengers spending the night in South China, increased competition in the industry, an increase in overseas epidemics and a reduction in the number of trips abroad.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.