The tax-free gold track is a strong leader — China’s policy dividend (60188.sh) has been released at an accelerated pace, and the company has taken the lead in the industry, benefiting first and foremost.
On February 02, 2021, the domestic cycle continued to promote the return of consumption abroad, the dividends of the New Deal, which is duty-free off the island, are rapidly being released, the tax-free policies within the city are expected to be liberalized, and the domestic duty-free market is open.
Cao Xuant, in the future, when the market is more competitive, 1) strong economies of scale and a wealth of business experience have enabled companies to have a stronger bargaining power at the lower end of the chain, far higher than the industry's average Māori rate and
Lower cost rates, and thus wider pricing space. 2) The brand value and cost advantage of size in turn contribute to a virtuous circle of corporate size expansion. 3) Building on scale effects to build up supply chain effects and manage operations, firms are strong and strong.
• The company will form an “exceedingly strong” industry with other duty-free operators, with a “one-by-one” free-the-way approach, with a strong company that will work together to strengthen our tax-free market and promote the return of consumption from abroad.
Hainan will be designated as an international tourism consumption centre, and duty-free tourism will be promoted in both directions. The implementation of the Hainan free port scheme and the off-island New Deal will increase the provision of duty-free off-island supplies and further release our off-island duty-free city.
Space. The company’s opening of Phoenix Airport, the expansion of Milan Airport, the synergy between the Sun Square and Haifa Free Shops, and the opening of Seagate International Free City in 2022 will continue to boost the company’s tax-exempt performance from the island. By 2025, the company’s tax-exempt income is expected to exceed $170 billion.
Airport tax exemption: The rent supplement agreement with Shanghai Airport eases the pressure on companies to keep their rents on the floor. At the same time, direct-line mail operations are on time, opening up new performances for corporate airport duty-free operations in the event of an epidemic.
The rent is driven by “tops, space,” two trips to Beijing I, and the release of the potential of the White Cloud Airport in Guangzhou. The company’s airport tax-exempt business line goes hand in hand with the line and continues to open up free market spaces for entry and exit. By 2025, the company’s airport is expected to generate about $55 billion in tax-free revenue.
Intra-city tax exemption: The benefits of tax exemption in the city are expected to accelerate this year, and liberalization of the policy is expected to release duty-free consumer space from the countries of entry. Companies have taken a pre-emptive advantage and are now actively setting up their own intra-city shop projects.
1. China ' s Central Exemption: China ' s Business Background + M & As Extension + Focus Tax Exemption = Tax Free King 1.1 Development Change Context: The Real Control is a tax-exempt leader of the State Treasury Commission, with a strong corporate background, and a gradual focus on tax-exempt owners is the only tax-exempt business in the country.
In June 2020, the company’s short term was officially changed from China Travel to China. – In 2004, China’s General Hotel and China Free Group strategy, which had been transformed by China’s decoupling, re-established the China National Travel Collection, in 2008, the National Travel Group restructured its assets for travel- and tax-free operations, and joined the Chinese Expatriate City Fair.
In 2009, China’s travel landings a unit became the only tax-free major company currently listed in the country. In 2016, the China Travel Group and Hong Kong China Travel Group were strategically restructured and renamed China Tourism Group.
Formerly, China’s tourism group was the largest shareholder of China’s China’s exclusion, holding 53.3% of the shares, and the realist is the National Finance Committee. In 2017, China’s export-free expansion and acquisition of 51% of the shares in Japan and 51% in Japan (Shanghai).
In 2020, 51% of China’s tax-exempt shares were acquired, and the company’s share of the market was 91%. – In June 2020, the company’s short term was officially changed from China’s travel to China’s.
1.2 Business changes: The pattern of tax-exempt and experienced management teams formed The pattern of companies ' tax-exempt industries was largely formed after the complete separation of tourism operations in January 2019. Prior to 2019, China was exempted from tourism services and sales of goods (mainly tax-free goods).
Since the launch of the tax-free M&A expansion, the share of tax-free businesses began to exceed that of tourism services. China, with a strong background, is a fully licensed department with duty-free entry/exit, duty-free exit from the island, and duty-free departure from the city, with more than 1,000 brand vendors and more than 240 shops.
In the first half of the year, companies became the largest tax-free retailer in the world; throughout 2020, companies are expected to be at the top of the list of duty-free retailers. At the national level, companies are tax-free owners with more than 90% of the market and the only suppliers with a complete duty-free supply chain in the country.
Figure 5: In mid-2019, the share of exempt and exempt cities together amounted to 91%. Figure 6: The management team in China has a great deal of tax-free business experience.
Experience, in-depth understanding of tax-exempt operations and corporate development, helps companies to stay firm in their tax-exempt business 1.3 financial analysis: companies have performed well in developing health epidemics over the last five years, with good expansion, low debt-servicing risks and a strong industrial leader.
Total asset growth has been positive, with the 19-year growth rate of total assets falling mainly due to the stripping of tourism operations, mainly due to the increase in other accounts payable to account for unpaid operating space rents (airport deductions), and a slight increase in interest-bearing liabilities due mainly to the acceptance of controlling shareholders in short-term borrowings.
As a whole, the value of the company is largely non-existent (payable + received in advance) - (receivable + prepaid) and the receivable as a percentage of total assets and the receivable as a percentage of operating income is extremely low, indicating that the ability to absorb upstream and downstream funds continues to grow.
Figure 9: The company’s ability to absorb upstream and downstream capital continues to grow (in billions of yuan, per cent) and its performance remained excellent in 2020 under the impact of the epidemic. The company grew well, with expansionary cost rates rising.
In 2019, the rate of growth in the collection of revenues fell as a result of the separation of tourism operations, but income from the main business of the commodity sales group has been rising at a relatively high rate. The first quarter of 2020 was affected by the epidemic, and duty-free and off-island operations were severely disrupted.
From the start, online repurchases and direct mail were actively promoted, with tax-free access to off-line islands and significant improvements in the ring comparison. In the first half of the year 2020, the sea was exempted, with $3.03 billion from the 2020-h1 Sea, $140 million from the mother ' s net profit and $158 million in financial support for the company in the first half of the year.
Starting in the second half of 2020, the company performed well, benefiting from the Henan Island tax-free New Deal. According to the company ' s performance report, published on 30 January, the company collected $52.62 billion in 2020, representing an increase of 9.7 per cent compared to the previous year (with an increase of 8.2 per cent in comparison with the previous year, taking into account the 2019 performance retroactive), and a net return of $6.12 billion to the mother, representing an increase of 32.1 per cent.
581.3 per cent increase in the same year (40.3 per cent increase in the same year and 608.3 per cent increase in the same year-to-year return if the performance of 2019 is taken into account). (The above financial data are preliminary accounting data and are likely to be excellent with the company ' s performance in the fourth quarter of 2020, mainly due to 1) the fact that the company ' s tax-exempt operations from the island were significantly higher.
Growth, particularly in luxury packages, wristwatches and precious jewellery with a high Maori rate; 2) partial recovery of costs due to a significant reduction in rent payable at Shanghai Airport in 2020 and a reduction in company sales costs; 3) Reference Year, 4th quarter of calendar year, guided by impairment of assets, concentration of bonuses and concentration of inventory readiness for downfall
In terms of costs, the total cost and the cost of sales can be maintained at a stable level after the high rate of expansion has ended, and the company’s capacity for integrated management is excellent.
The expansion of M&As in duty-free operations has led to an increase in the airport rental costs from the cost of sales. In 2019, both North Kyoto and Shanghai airports introduced higher new deductions, so that the cost of sales continued to rise in 19 years. The cost of sales increased from 12.5 per cent in 17 years to 31.1 per cent in 2019.
This is mainly due to a marked decline in the absolute cost of airport rentals, coupled with an increase in the third quarter off-island revenues, which resulted in a decrease in the ratio. Management costs and cost rates decreased in the first three quarters of 2020, mainly as a result of 19 years of divestiture and management efficiency controls.
The financial costs of the first three quarters - $220 million, including exchange gains and losses due to the appreciation of the renminbi. In 2020, due to the impact of the epidemic, international flights at Shanghai Airport dropped sharply, and the same number of duty-free shops at Shanghai Airport declined significantly.
With the revision, the sales cost rate will be further reduced. After the tourism business was removed in 19 years, the tax-free market, where the Māori rate was higher, was avoided, so that in 2019 the Māori rate peaked at 49% in recent years.
To 41 per cent, mainly because of the restructuring of the sales category following the New Deal, which resulted in a relatively high rate of fragrance, a decline in sales and an increase in sales of low-mori luxury goods: 2) a commercial discount campaign to respond to the epidemic in the first half of the year, but in the third quarter some brands began to reduce the margin of preference; 3) straight mail and exit
The cost is affected by the island's surcharge of three taxes. Motions, but overall growth has been steady. Net interest rates for parentage declined in 2018, mainly at lower and lower overall rates of net rates for airport tax exemption after day-to-day merger.
The net interest rate on corporate homecoming is expected to continue to rise steadily, leading to a fall in the roe. The future impact of the epidemic has dissipated, the company has improved its management, revenue has continued to expand, the net profit on maternity has continued to rise, and the appropriate financial leverage has increased the equity multiplier, and the roe is expected to return to 20%.
2. Tax-free industry: Policy gains and long-term benefits from the vast market space for consumer returns 2.1 is an important catch-up for consumer returns 2.1.1 tax-free channels with excellent quality prices
From a consumer’s point of view, the price and quality of goods is a major consideration in the purchase of goods, and duty-free goods have a clear price advantage, while ensuring good quality goods and good quality. Tax exemption is therefore an important catch-all for guiding the return of consumption.
According to the type of operations approved by the Customs Administration, duty-free operators purchase goods from duty-free suppliers, are exempted from customs duties, consumer duties and value-added taxes on imports, and are sold to duty-free consumers at duty-free prices in duty-free shops.
Domestic tax exemptions include both duty-free entry and exit (including within the city) and duty-free exit from the island. Tax-free islands are tax-free and can be purchased by both nationals and foreigners.
The Department has exemptions, exemptions, exemptions, waivers, China uniform, HYDRA, China Brigade, and deep exemption, including tax-exempt stores in Sanya, Haiguchi and Merland Airport.
One is a traditional airport, port, port, airport duty-free, which can be purchased by both nationals and foreigners entering and leaving the country.
Of these, Chinese and Chinese companies have the only two duty-free licences for entering the country, while Chinese and Chinese citizens have only one duty-free shop in Harbin. The exemption from duty-free goods in the country’s only exit city is characterized by good quality prices. Its obvious price advantage is mainly due to the exemption from the import chain.
Tariffs, excise duties, and value-added taxes (the national production of tobacco and alcohol can be referred to as tax refunds, exemption from the corresponding consumption tax, value-added tax, etc.), with additional postage taxes to be paid for excess amounts. At the same time, the tax-free vendor model of direct sales to branders has been eliminated, compared to duty-free, cross-border power suppliers, sea-grews, sub-purchases and taxes, commodity prices, duty-free shops, cross-border electricity
Taxed retailing, which includes both on-line and on-line traders, usually uses general trade import declarations. Tax-free goods can create an overall price advantage of more than 20% by relieving 2 to 3 taxes.
For example, in the case of spices, watches and tobacco and alcohol, the combined rate of high-quality perfume imports is 34-40 per cent, in the case of high-quality countries 33 per cent, in the case of skin protection products, 41-48 per cent, in the case of high-quality watches, 28-38 per cent, in the case of jewellery, 20-24 per cent, in the case of boxes, and 50 per cent or more (without taking into account the part to be collected).
Cross-border electric power suppliers are exempt from customs duties within a certain amount of time, with a 70% discount on consumer and value-added tax, so that cross-border electricity traders generally receive a higher tax premium than is taxed and retailed below the line, after tax exemption.
At the same time, the trans-shipment company is either taxed or on its own initiative (possibly checked by customs). At the heart of the pipeline is the difference in brand origin or intercontinental pricing, rather than the amount of taxes that can be circumvented.
Taxes on individual sub-purchases depend on the probability of customs spot checks and whether single-carried goods are collected within the $8,000 limit to supplement the postage tax. At the same time, sub-purchases involve surrogates and logistics charges, some of which, if purchased in a duty-free shop, are usually resold at a higher price than a tax-free shop.
Tax-free, cross-border power suppliers, seafood, surrogates and taxes, commodity quality, tax-free leader, retailer, cross-border power dealer, sea-couper.
In the case of cross-border power suppliers, the quality can be assured if the brand is either owned by the manufacturer or the brand is installed in the m2c mode:
Uncertainty: There is some uncertainty about the individual’s mode of sub-purchase to a platform located in a cross-border power provider. Seaweed, where large platforms such as the Amazon usually buy their own or official network for direct mail, has a guaranteed quality in the home country, while there is uncertainty about small platforms or non-self-employed commodities.
Private surrogates tend to be based on personal credit, often difficult to discern. 2.1.2 people consume more than their own resources abroad, and the return of consumption to the domestic tax-exempt market is a huge increase. China has a smaller tax-exempt market, Chinese residents consume more than they do abroad.
Consumption returns. According to data released by Swedish research institutions, tax-exempt and tourism retail sales are projected to be $81.8 billion globally in 2019 (approximately $560 billion). In 2019, China ' s tax-exempt industry, with sales of about $54.5 billion, accounted for less than 10 per cent of global tax-free and tourism retail sales, will develop in the future.
According to McKinsey's advisory report, China Luxury Goods Report 2019, Chinese consumption of luxury goods in China and abroad in 2018 amounted to RMB 770 billion. Total consumption is expected to nearly double by 2025, amounting to RMB 1.2 trillion, contributing 40% of the world's luxury goods consumption.
According to McKinsey, Chinese consumption of luxury goods, both inside and outside China, is expected to reach 12,000 by 2025.
According to Bain, China ' s consumer consumption of luxury goods in the interior in 2018 was 24% and 26% of global sales of luxury goods from duty-free sales in 2015, assuming that China ' s share of China ' s sales of luxury goods was 28 - 32% in 2025.
Taking into account the different proportions of domestic consumption of luxury goods in China and the share of duty-free sales in China in the sale of luxury goods, it is assumed that the tax-free market space in 2025 will be estimated at about 1680,204 million yuan. 2.2 Policy benefits will accelerate the development of the tax-free industry.
2.2.1 The promotion of duty-free consumption is strongly policy-oriented, and the central liberalization of duty-free policies in recent years has supported the development of tax-free industries, attracting consumer returns and consumer expansion.
On 1 January 2019, the Electronic Commerce Act came into force, strictly regulating the registration of major consumers, tax supervision, data regulation, and the application of regulations.
With the global epidemic in 2020, China’s leading upturn and the economy’s recovery, the center has offered to use the “intra-national cycle” to unlock domestic demand potential. At the same time, tax-exempt policies have become more intensive, tax-free licences have increased, and duty-free consumption will continue to boost the flow of consumption abroad, in the context of the country’s huge consumption abroad.
In March 2020, the National Development and Reform Commission issued an opinion on the promotion of consumer expansion and the acceleration of the formation of a strong domestic market, which clearly states:
(b) To expand duty-free operations at ports and increase the number of duty-free shops.
In March 2020, the Ministry of Commerce, the National Development and Rehabilitation Council and the three departments of the National Health and Welfare Council jointly issued a circular on support for the resumption of business operations by mobile businesses, emphasizing once again the need to promote the return of consumption abroad and to improve tax exemptions in conjunction with the Ministry of Finance.
In May 2020, at a meeting of the Standing Committee of the Central Political Office of the Communist Party of China, the theme of “Accelerating the formation of a domestic umbrella, a new development landscape that is mutually reinforcing in domestic and international cycles.” The main domestic cycle emphasizes boosting domestic demand.
In 2015, the State Council introduced for the first time the concept of “offshore consumption return” as an important means of boosting domestic demand, promoting the return of offshore consumption through policies such as adjustment of import duties, creation of additional duty-free shops at ports, and increased tax-free purchases. In December 2016, the State Council issued the “13th Five” Tourism Development Plan Circular.
In November 2020, the Central Chinese Republic issued a proposal for the formulation of the fourteenth five-year plan for the economic and social development of the country and a vision for 2035.
New development patterns, such as “Breaking the domestic cycle” and “Facilitating the domestic and international two-cycle” and “Advanced consumption in all its aspects” have been highlighted as sub-sections. It is expected that a series of policies will follow the “double-cycle” policy line during the Fourteenth Five-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Five-Fifteen-Five-Fifteen-Fifteen-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five
2.2.2 The liberalization of the de-island policy to open the space for tax-free sales and unit prices Tourists are the basis for duty-free shopping, and the expansion of the tourist base will increase the tax-free size of the off-island space. The Hainan provincial government has been actively promoting the tourism industry and expanding the Hainan provincial tourist base.
Heinan is now earning around $100 billion in tourist revenues, and is expected to reach $250 billion by 2025. Under the China-South China Free Trade Ports (draft) Act, Hainan is designated as an international tourist consumer.
The Secretary of the Hainan Provincial Council mentioned that tourism would be a big attraction for the whole of Hainan Province, and that there would be tourism everywhere. Hainan would be building an all-island tourism road and a national tropical rainforest park, a future round-island tourism road, and a central tropical zone.
Rainforest Park and traditional tourist destinations such as rural and Sanya will each attract one third of the visitors.
In April 2018, the Central Government issued the Guidance to Support China to Deepen Reform and Openness in a Comprehensive manner, which states that China's strategy is to become an international tourism consumption centre, emphasizing the development of space for tourism consumption, improving the quality of tourism consumption, and promoting internationalization of tourism consumption.
• In October 2019, the Guidance on Fostering and Building Cities in International Consumption Centres set out the objective of using five years of right-hand time to basically form integrated cities in international consumption centres. • In March 2020, the Hainan provincial government proposed 30 actions to revitalize tourism and to boost tourism in the aftermath of the epidemic.
In January 2021, under the Hainan Free Trade Port (draft) Act of the People ' s Republic of China, Hainan was designated as an international tourism consumption centre, which will use the round-the-island tourism road to build a global tour and optimize the distribution of tourists. The construction of Hainan at the South China Free Trade Port is fully open, and the size of the company ' s tax-free earnings from the island is expected to increase rapidly in 2020.
On 1 June of that year, the Central State Council of the Communist Party of China issued the General Programme for the Construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port, the Hainan Free Trade Port, which will facilitate the full opening of Hainan in a step-by-step manner through the introduction of zero tariffs, low taxes and a simple tax system.
After the island’s customs is closed, it is simple and tax-free to exempt Hainan from import duties for goods other than the catalogue of imported goods that are imported from the trading port. In terms of tax policy, from the date of the launch of the programme, the drums for registration and substantive operation at the Hainan Free Trade Port have been removed from the list of imported goods.
In addition, the Ministry of Finance, the Customs Administration and the Tax Administration Department have jointly issued a bulletin on the Hainan Outer Islands Travellers’ Free Shopping Policy, which has been in force since 1 July 2020.
The number of duty-free shopping lines has increased from $30,000 per person per year to $100,000 per person per year, the consumption limit of $8,000 per commodity has been lifted, and the number of duty-free commodities from the island has increased from 38 to 45, increasing the number of items in seven categories, such as electronic consumption and alcohol.
To encourage appropriate competition, operators qualified for duty-free distribution of goods can participate equally in duty-free operations off Hainan Island. The current level of tax-free policy on Hainan Island is more liberal than the level of duty-free duty on offshore islands, making it the most liberal in Asia.
Between 2011 and 2020, the duty-free policy on Hainan Island has been adjusted seven times, easing restrictions on shopping age, manner of leaving the island, number of purchases, shopping limits, and variety of goods.
On 2 February 2021, the Ministry of Finance, the Customs Administration and the Tax Administration issued a joint announcement to increase the number of duty-free passenger shopping options available to travel off the island and to further optimize tax-free shopping experiences.
You can pick up the goods by mail, except in airports, railway stations, docks and designated areas.
Table 9: Comparison of tax-exempt policies in four major offshore islands in Asia.
In 2020, duty-free off-islands performed very well with the catalytic effect of the policy, meeting the $30 billion target set by the Hainan Provincial Government at the beginning of the year. According to Hainan Customs and the Hainan Province Department of Commerce, sales in 2020 were free of charge at $27.5 billion, an increase of 102%; if tax is added, sales totalled $32.7 billion, an increase of the same amount.
In the first half of 2020, in the context of the domestic epidemic and the outbreak of the overseas epidemic, the Hainan Ex-Island Duty Free Market was able to absorb large consumption demands, generating 14 per cent of the same-year rise in duty-free sales of $7.49 billion. In the second half of 2020, the New Deal Ex-Island Exempted not only effectively absorbs the adverse effects of the epidemic, but also captures the impact of the epidemic overseas.
This year, during the New Year's Day (1-3 January 2021), customs controlled the sale of 669,000 duty-free products off the island.
76,000 purchases, worth RMB 540 million in sales, increased by 200 per cent, 80.9 per cent and 195.2 per cent over the same period last year, and created a new high annual New Year ' s holiday.
The increase in the size of the NG duty-free quota has led to a year-long increase in the unit price, while keeping the unit price open and promoting the upgrading of the product structure to high-end commodities.
The annual rate of the annual rate of the 2012 - 2011 rate of the single rate has risen to $7105. With the New Deal adjustment, the amount of free shopping per person per year has increased to $100,000, and there is still much room for an increase in the price of the single rate.
On 30 December 2020, Shen Xiaoming, Secretary of the Hainan Provincial Council, stated in an interview that the current level of tax-free consumption of the nation was around $1 trillion, and that Henan Province was targeting 100 billion yuan by 2022, i.e. outside the country.
10% of the size of the tax-free consumption. By 2030, the country’s tax-free consumption was 1.5 trillion yuan, and Hainan was expected to account for more than 50%, i.e. 700 billion to 8 trillion yuan. On 24 January 2021, the Governor of Hainan Province, Feng Fei, announced in his report on the government’s work that Hainan would be 2021 years old.
Bill. Feng Fei indicates that under the policy of duty-free “mail service” off the island, “sending off the island, returning to the island” and tax-free purchase of imported goods, Hainan's 2021 target for duty-free sales was 60 billion yuan. According to Hainan Province Bureau of Statistics and Haikou Customs, 54,570,000 overnight visitors to Hainan Island in 2020, compared to last year.
Between 2015 and 2019, the number of overnight visitors to Hainan Island increased from 4,493,000 to 6,825 million, with an average annual compound growth rate of 11%. Assuming that the number of overnight visitors to Hainan Island returned to pre-epidemiological water level in 2021, the pre-epidemiological growth was maintained, the number of overnight visitors to Hainan Island in 2025 was about 103.6 million.
The penetration rate of out-of-island shopping rose steadily from 3.7 per cent in 2015 to 5.6 per cent in 2019. As a result of the tax-exit policy in 2020, the tax-free penetration rate was 8.2 per cent in 2020. It is expected that in the next five years, the penetration rate of out-of-island shopping will be between 10 and 14 per cent.
In the light of the above assumptions, taking into account the difference between unit prices and penetration rates, it is estimated that the free-of-island market space in 2025 will be approximately $112.5-2054 million. Korea’s path to tax-exempt development is of some relevance to the development of our tax-exempt industry.
According to the Korea Free Shop Association, in 2019, Korea's tax-free sales amounted to $21.32 billion, an increase of 23.7 per cent compared to the previous year, representing 26.0 per cent of the world's tax-free market. The main tax-free consumer groups in Korea and my country are Chinese.
South Korea’s tax-free sales are highly popular with Chinese tourists. South Korea’s tax-free sales structure and its promotional channels are becoming more popular.
The development of the Korean tax-free industry has also gone through a process of freeing up license plates and shopping lines, which is useful for the liberalization of our tax-exempt policy.
Figure 31: China ' s consumption and share of tax-free shops in Korea (in billions of yuan, per cent) 2.3.1 Increase of tax-free businesses to boost the flow of foreign consumption
In 1979, Korea opened a tax-free shop in Seoul. In 2000, a pilot online tax-free shop, such as East Japan, Lotten, New Ro, opened the door to an off-island tax-exempt policy on Jeju Island in 2002.
In 2019, Korea’s Incheon Airport opened its first airport entry tax-free shop. According to the Korea Tax-Free Shop Association, there are now more than 30 airport duty-free shops, 22 intra-city duty-free shops, and 4 off-island tax-free shops, mainly concentrated in Seoulming Hole, Incheon Airport, Jeju Island, etc. The city stores are now tax-free for Koreans.
In terms of departures, in 1985, Koreans purchased free dollars. In 1997, as a result of the financial crisis, purchases were reduced to $400.
In 2006, the amount was raised from US$ 2,000 to US$ 3,000. In 2019, Koreans raised the tax-free purchase to US$ 5,000. In terms of entry, the tax-free amount was raised from US$ 400 in 1995 to US$ 600 in 2014.
The amount of $400 (6 full-year) was raised to $600 (6 full-year purchases). 2.3.2 From duty-free consumption potential of the releasing country to promoting tax-free consumption by foreign tourists, from 2000 to 2012 the Korea tax exemption was supported by good policy and municipal tax-free channels.
In 2010, Korea sold more than 4.5 trillion won (about $3.85 billion) duty-free, making it the world’s number one. At the same time, Korea emerged as the top ten tax-free giants in the world, such as Lotte (rank 4) and New Ro (rank 6).
From 2012 to the present, the tax-free industry in Korea has been driven mainly by tax-free consumption by foreign tourists. In 2019, Chinese tax-free consumption accounted for 73.4 per cent of duty-free sales in Korea, while foreign tourists accounted for 83.7 per cent of duty-free sales in Korea.
In 2012, China’s tax-free consumption began to break out in Korea. In 2015, with the successful export of South Korea’s entertainment culture, and a boom in South Korea’s tourism industry, Chinese consumption continued to push for tax-free consumption.
Prior to the introduction of the new Electricity Trades Act on 1st, large sub-purchases accounted for about 20% of the tax-free sales in Korea. Following the implementation of the new Power Exchange, large sub-purchases increased the size of the order to cover taxes and amortization costs, rising to around 40% in the 2019s, and large sub-purchases raised the foreign guest bill to $891 per person, South Korea.
The country’s residents are only $122/persons. During the epidemic, the ratio of large-scale sub-purchases to South Korea’s tax-free sales was even 2.3.3 of the three characteristics of Korea’s tax-free industry.
Starting in 2013, Korea’s tax-exempt industry has undergone a process of large-scale issuance of tax-free license plates to small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and extension of their licensing period to promote moderate competition in the industry. Currently, the Korean government has issued a total of 66 tax-free licence plates, of which 30 are large groups, 32 are small and medium-sized enterprises, and 4 are public.
But, because of the small size of the brand and its weak operational capacity, it is still unable to obtain a larger share of the South Korean tax-free market, much less to counterbalance with the troika. – In 2013, the Korean government issued nine intra-city tax-free licences to small and medium-sized tax-free operators, and exempted large groups.
The duration of the operation of tax plates was reduced from 10 to 5 years; in 2015, the municipal tax-exempt licence plates were changed from the previous automatic renewal to public tenders; in 2016, the municipal tax-exempt licence plates were changed from 5 to 10 years; and six municipal tax-exempt shops were issued.
Three of them were acquired by small and medium-sized operators. In 2018, SMEs were allowed to renew duty-free license plates in the city twice, valid for up to 15 years.
The new tax exemption belongs to a listed company, the Narrow Hotel, which is a subsidiary of the South Korean First Group Tristar Group. The new world’s tax-free parent company is the New World Group, and its department stores are running side by side with Lotte in South Korea.
In 2019, the top 10 sales of the world's tax-exempt industry reached 48.8 billion euros, with Lotten, New Rhodes and the New World ranked 2, 3 and 8, respectively, at 76.60 billion euros, 7.068 billion euros and 2,847 million euros.
According to the Korea Free Shop Association, the number of duty-free outlets in Korea was 87% in 2019.
Airfield shops account for 12% and off-island shops for only 1% of sales. At the national level, South Korea has issued large numbers of intra-city tax-exempt license plates aimed at retaining Koreans from duty-free consumption, promoting the return of consumption abroad, and attracting foreign tourists to duty-free consumption in Korea at a later stage.
At the consumer level, duty-free shops in the city have more abundant products, more shopping time, easier purchase, easier pick-up, and maximum consumer demand. At the tax-free operator level, duty-free shops in the city do not have to pay high airport rent deductions, and rent costs are higher than at the airport.
Tax-free shops are low. At the same time, duty-free shops in the city are located in urban centres, with easy traffic and large human flows, which can effectively increase the number of purchases and the number of receipts.
According to the temoodiedavittreport, before the introduction of the new electronic commerce law on 1 January 2019, large-scale sub-purchases accounted for about 20% of the free sales in Korea. After the development of the new power provider, the large sub-purchases increased the size of the order to cover tax and amortization costs, reaching about 40% in the 2019s.
The share of free sales in Korea has risen to 90%. South Korea attracts large sub-purchases in the form of a return profit, which can be as high as 50%, and in the case of smaller sub-purchases, about 10-15%.
(b) At the consumer level: First, sub-purchases can provide foreign consumers with preferential price options, allowing more consumers to buy tax-free Korean products through sub-purchase channels. At the same time, sub-purchases are also favoured by some Koreans, as they are in the city.
Tax-free shops can pick up goods directly, and sub-purchases can turn to local Koreans after a lot of low-priced imports. Second, high-end local brands (e.g. whoo after, snowflake show, etc.) are popular with Chinese consumers, who are willing to buy products of their origin in exchange.
2.4 The domestic tax-exempt industry will have a strong national tax-exempt license plate, 2.4.1. By 2020, China had only seven tax-exempt license plates with a state-owned background, from the Chinese tax-exempt groups, the Japanese tax-exempt companies, and the Chinese tax-exempt companies.
The company’s shares (the largest competitor in the exit duty-free market) were tax-free in China in 2020 (the largest competitor in the off-island duty-free market).
To date, there are eight tax-exempt companies in the country, which are the largest in the tax-exempt industry, with 91% of the city in 2019 (with the exception of the sea).
Tax collectors. In addition, tax-exempt shops in Caesar’s tourist industry are bound up with Chinese uniforms at the same time, and there is a long-term strategic collaboration between tourism and the China Free Group, with the Greek estate entering the tax-exempt market through the acquisition of Pearlhai.
With regard to duty-free operations in China and China, tax-free operators are currently operating in the country, with the exception of three companies, namely, deep-seated, cut-off, Chinese-owned and Chinese-owned, one of which was added in 2020.
In the case of duty-free operations off the island, in 2020, there were four new sea brigades, controlled by China, and in the case of duty-free operations in the city, only five shops were exempted, while in the case of Chinese uniforms (eight shops) and Chinese expats (one shop) were qualified to operate, and there were only 14 shops in the country.
With the acceleration of the policy, the city will be free of taxes before the residents of the country leave the country. In June 2020, 12 companies announced that they had submitted to duty-free operations.
2.4.2 The Hainan Ex-Island Tax Tax Free has entered the new pattern. Until 2020, there were four Hainan Stock Free Shops, all of which were operated from China.
Early morning, the area of operations was 14,000 square metres, and the tax-free camp was about 2.3 billion yuan in 2019. In 2019, the market opened at Seagate Day Square and at Joan Hae Bo shop, with 22,000 square metres in the market and about 1 billion yuan in 2019. In 2019, the tax-free camp at Sanya Sea Bay was set aside, accounting for approximately 10.17 billion yuan in the tax-free camp on the whole island of Hainan.
On 28 December 2020, with the approval of the State Council, four ministries, namely, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Commerce, the General Customs Administration and the General State Tax Administration, officially approved, Hainan will establish six new duty-free shops off the island, taking into account core areas such as urban areas and airports, with an additional area of more than 220,000 square metres.
Three of them were located in Sanya, a tax-free shop at San Francisco Airport, a tax-free city at Sanya Sea Brigade, and a tax-free shopping park at Sanya International, which opened on 30 December 2020.
In addition, China is stepping up the construction of the Haiguchi International Free City, which is expected to open in 2022, and will be cancelled when it is completed.
So far, Hainan has officially opened nine off-island duty-free shops.
It is located in the commercial area of the San-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah, adjacent to the San-Aa International Mallery, adjacent to the Hong-Ah-Chu International yacht dock, and separated from the deer-back area. The surrounding hotel is well-resourced and can walk for 15 minutes to a bar.
Main road, west to the Bay of Sanya, East Lialong Bay viewing area. Sanya Sea Brigade Free City is 5 or 15 kilometers away from the airport and train station.
In one place, it has high-end hotels, convention centres, bowling alleys, etc., all around the world, with the largest public golf course in the world, as well as a movie theater watching the Xiaogang movie. The Seagate Day and Moon Square tax-free shop is located in the Seagate and Moon Square bottle, which is free of taxes in close proximity to the Sun and Moon Square.
In his interview, Shen Xiaoming, Secretary of the Hainan Province Commission, stated that Hainan Free Trade Port plans to have the hardware for customs clearance by the end of 2023, to use one or two years for software refinement, and to complete the closure by 2025. The General Program for the Construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port, which was published in China, refers to the development of the Hainan Free Trade Port as a guide.
In the middle of this century, a high-level free trade port with greater international influence will be fully established, with a clear flag and important open portal open to the outside world in our new era. Not only will Hainan have zero tariffs + low tax concessions, but trade, investment, finance, transport, people-to-people, Internet data, etc. are all open to the outside world, and the entire system of economic management is complete.
After the island's closure, Hainan will “take control of the second line and let go of the first line.” 2.4.3 The future of the industry will have a strong “one-plus-one-per-one” status.
The tax sector will be more oriented toward policy support for the industrial chain, with licence liberalization forming a virtuous competition; it will be more focused on supporting the industry’s leadership, enhancing its bargaining power with international brands, and giving domestic tax-free goods a better price. Eventually, the domestic duty-free market will become a “super-high” pattern, with “one-high-high-high-high-high-high-speed” and tight-handed.
In the future, where competition in the market is more competitive, the strong scale and supply chain effects will become more pronounced. According to South Korea, as the duty-free market matures, the value of the sector is evident.
The size effects of the moat have become an insurmountable divide for other competitors in the country. By 2017, it grew from a rare tax-free license plate, occupying 200 + airports and ports throughout the country.
After 2017, the central channel of the national airport and port duty-free shop was acquired, with all the stocks in Hainan being removed from the island and the largest in the off-island market. Thus, no contract was signed with one of the country’s core airports, all of which expired in 2024 and thereafter, and were taken in advance.
The main markets for the next few years will be duty-free. With the liberalization of the de-island duty-free policy in 2020, the two main airport channels, Phoenix and Milan, will be seized in advance, while the Seagate International, which opened in 2021, will be Asia’s largest large-scale and experienced operation, giving it a stronger bargaining power at the top and bottom of the industrial chain.
There is much more room for pricing than the industry’s average Māori rate and lower cost rates. The Māori rate can be 50% if it is given by size, while other small and medium-sized tax-exemptors are partially purchasing in cooperation with third parties (e.g. dufry, dfs, Lagarde, etc.) and the Māori rate is about 35-45%.
For the airport, working with large tax-exempters can guarantee rent stability, boost passenger flows, and enrich business practices. As a result, there is a comparative advantage in opening airport channels.
The benefits are not significant, so the cost advantages of the company ' s ability to build up supply chain effects and manage its operations on a scale-based basis through exemption from the island without any high-level influence. Unlike taxes, the supply chain is mainly linked to the overseas market department of the brander, from China Molecular Company or China ' s General Substitute, and is built through channels.
It is relatively easy, and it has taken the lead in establishing a well-developed, duty-free direct-mining supply chain that connects to the tax-free sectors of brands, connects to the overseas ones, and creates super-high barriers to competition. By working directly with domestic and foreign brands, it has built up brand-rich and strong purchasing power.
This supply chain advantage is reflected not only in lower commodity prices, but also in richer commodities and commodity combinations, more marketable commodities, more adequate and effective supply and even priority supply, as well as more flexible payment flows.
The overall efficiency of the supply chain, and the trust in cooperation with the suppliers, is basically compared to the international tax-exempt giants, dufry and Xinjo. Compared to the 2019 data of the international tax-exempt giant, there are 101 days of stock-turning days, Xinjo 89 days, dufry 109 days, and the net yield turnover rate is lower than, but higher than, dufry; accounts payable weeks
The number of days transferred is 44 days, 43 days, dufry 67 days, and the number of days spent on accounts payable is higher than, but lower than, dufry.
There are currently more than 240 airports, off-islands, within-city, border, on-board, passenger stations, railway stations, out-ships, cruise ships, diplomatic duty-free shops, etc., covering more than 30 provinces, cities and autonomous regions of the country (including Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong and Hong Kong).
The tax-exempt operations of companies are arranged in three main ways: off-island duty-free, airport duty-free, municipal duty-free, and others. In 2019, the company ' s tax-exempt stores at both the North and Hong Kong airports received $28,062 million.
58.5 per cent; 10,465 million yuan, or 21.8 per cent of the company ' s total revenue, was collected from off-island duty-free shops (including only the Sanya Bay store): 19.7 per cent of the company ' s total revenue was collected from within the city. In the first half of 2020, affected by the epidemic, the companies Beijing and Shanghai Airport tax-free shops received 8,717 million yuan.
45.1 per cent of the company ' s total revenues; as domestic outbreak control continued to benefit from tax-exempt policies on the island, the off-island tax-free shop (the Sanya Bay + Sea Free) generated $9.08 billion, or 46.7 per cent of the company ' s total revenues, which exceeded the airport tax-free ratio; and the city and others accounted for 8.2 per cent of the company ' s total revenues.
With the effects of the 2020 epidemic, the company has been active in opening up online channels, including: increasing the off-island tax-free repurchase function, i.e., the off-island passenger can continue to pick and buy on the back-up platform within 180 days; and increasing the number of online direct mail, such as the launch of platforms such as Beijing, Shanghai, Shanghai, Japan, and cdf members.
The net interest rate for the company's various channels is estimated to be approximately: exemption from duty on the island (with wholesale profits, 25-30 per cent) > exemption from duty on the city (20-25 per cent) > direct mail (15-20 per cent) > exemption from duty on the airport (3-6 per cent).
The rate of deductions is 42.5% (before the 2020 rent supplement agreement) and the combined rate of deductions at the Beijing airport is 42.5% - 47.5%; the direct line mail is a cross-border electrical route, subject to a tax charge of about 20 - 23%. Within the city, tax exemptions and exemptions from the island have a rental or property depreciation cost of about 15 - 20%.
Figure 43: Large types of tax-exempt shops under the corporate umbrella 3.1 Exempted from the island: New Deal performance from the island continues to grow at a high rate
Tax-exempt stores with stocks off the island, including the Sanya International Free City, the Melanes Airport Tax-exempt store, the Oceanic Moon Square tax-exempt store and the Joan Hai Bo tax-free shop.
This represents an increase of 136.35 per cent (February 19-February-February-February-June 19-year-old data for the Sea Free List Group), resulting in a net return of 145 million yuan; a return of 3.23 billion yuan in 2019, or 260 million yuan.
In the programme of work for the implementation of the seven measures for the promotion of consumption in Hainan Province, published by the Haiguchi City Department of Commerce, it is stated that
The second phase of the airport will be expanded to cover 9,000 square metres. The second phase of the airport is expected to be operational in 2021, and the airport plans to work with the company to build the country’s largest airport tax-free shop.
Investment of 12.26 billion yuan, or 324,000 square metres of land, with a total surface of 693,000 square metres, an east border road to the sea, west to the new seaport, covering duty-free commerce, tax-free commerce, offices, hotels, condos, etc. Seafront International tax-exempt city plans for a duty-free business area of about 89,000 square metres, which will be the largest in Asia when it is built.
3.1.1 Tria: Seagate Bay is the firm of the company's profit-making pillar of the third-abbreviation airport business. On 1 September 2014, Sanya International Free City (hereinafter referred to as the Bay of Seal) opened. In 2019, tax-free revenues amounted to $10.17 billion, an increase of 30.9 per cent, representing 74.8 per cent of the Hainan off-island duty-free market, and tax-free dates from 15-19.
In 2016, affected by the suspension of cooperation with travel agencies, the number of shoppers in Sanya Sea Bay fell from 1.01 million to 970,000, and tax-free revenues slowed from 23.6 per cent to 10.7 per cent.
From 2015 to 2019, the net return to the Seagull increased from 470 million to 1.42 billion, with compound year effects. The net return to the Seagull rose from 596 million yuan to 28.42 per cent. The net profit contribution of the Seagull Shop to the company increased from 30.7 per cent in 19 to 63.9 per cent.
For the airport to be tax-exempt and affected by the epidemic, there will be a significant decline in revenues at the same time as the cost of the cut-off points, which would benefit from a policy of tax-exempting the island, while the net interest rate of tax-exempting the island is the highest of the three tax-exempt regimes. (The net profits mentioned above do not include wholesale profits.)
Between 2015 and 2019, the rate of penetration of the Bay Shop rose steadily from 6.8 per cent to 9.5 per cent, compared with the price of the Gulf Shop, which rose from 3.7 per cent to 5.6 per cent.
In January 2020, the Sanya International Free City II Rivermin Island Project (Standard Bay II) was officially opened, introducing a variety of high-quality entertainment businesses, improving support facilities, and extending the customer’s overall stay in the Bay.
Construction of 65,000 square metres, 2 floors of 35,000 square metres and 30,000 square metres of the basement, including 32,000 square metres of commercial space, construction of a total of 13 main buildings and three bridges to phase I. Phase II of the project does not allow for the sale of tax-free items, but is complementary to the recreational function of phase I and is increasing the duration of customer shopping.
At the same time, taxes and other tourism consumption have been increased in addition to tax exemptions. The San Phoenix Airport tax-free shop was officially opened on December 30, 2020, and will be working with the Bay Bay beach store to improve the company’s tax-free layout in Sanya.
The Bay Bay Shop, which mainly covers tourists from the Sea Bay region in the eastern tria (Atlantis, Tribute Island, etc.) as well as high-end residential areas in the city of Sanya (Bei Gui Garden, Wanda, Heng Da, Paley, etc.), locates high-end leisure. The Phoenix Airport Store covers the central and western tria region, including Phoenix Airport, Sanya Station, and High Iron Bay in Yalong Bay.
Traffic hubs, such as stations, well-known tourist attractions such as Nanshan, Tianhai Cape, Sanya Bay, Yalong Bay, Deer Return and the Great East Sea, have been built in two stages, one 800 m2 and a total area of about 6,800 m2.
According to the Sanya network of airport officials, Sanya airports currently cover 2000-25 million passengers a year.
By 2019, Sanya airport traffic had increased from 16.19 million to 2016 million, with an average annual compound rate of 5.64%. The Sanya airport has more tourist and tourist shopping properties than the Seagate.
At present, even with repeated outbreaks, the number of Sanya overnight passengers has largely recovered to the same level last year. Figure 48: Number of Sanya overnight passengers (in thousands of cases, in %) Figure 49: Number of Sanya and Haiguchi airports passengers tossing (in thousands)
Tria Sea Bay and Tria Phoenix Airport are forecast to collect = Tria Sea Bay = 3a overnight passengers * penetration * unit price. Assumption: 17,752,000 overnight passengers in 2020, a 24.1 per cent decline compared to the previous year, 2021-2023 worldwide.
The impact of the epidemic has been or continues, and the outbound migration continues to be converted into a domestic migration. It is expected that the return to pre-epidemiological levels of 30% in 2021 and a slight slowdown in 2022-2023 will occur. According to the International Aviation Association, global air traffic will not return to pre-epidemiological levels until at least 2024.
Three Asians have split up, and the rate of travel of Sanya overnight passengers has remained at around 10% for a number of years. Quite the benefits of duty-free New Deal off the island and home-to-country migration, the shopping penetration rate at the Bay Bay Shop reached 18% in August 2020 and is expected to be 19% throughout 2020. The penetration rate continued to rise in 2021-2022, and in 2023.
Expartures began to recover, but after several years of growth, the competitiveness of the Hainan Free Shop in terms of goods and prices has increased, with a slight drop in purchasing penetration to 18.5 per cent starting in 2023, sustained in 2024-2025, also benefiting from the liberalization of the New Deal for Off-island Tax Exemptions on volume and unit price limits, and a projected increase in passenger unit prices in 2020
With reference to the above assumptions, the forecasts for the 3A Sea Bay store in 2020-2025 are as follows: 3A Phoenix airport store receipts = 3A airport passenger throughput* permeability* passenger unit prices, assuming: ~2021-2025, the increase in passenger throughput at 3A airport is based on the growth rate of 3A overnight passengers above ...
Since Phoenix Airport opened at the end of 2020, and there is a diversion of Phoenix Airport from Phoenix Bay, in 2021 the purchase penetration rate at Phoenix Airport was 3% compared to the early level of Meryl Seaport. In 2023, the transport camp became more mature and the penetration rate rose slightly to around 4%.
In 2021, US$ 2,554 was used as a reference for the unit price of the Phoenix airport in 2020. In 2021-2025, the unit price continued to rise, but at a slower rate than in the Gulf, and at a slower rate every year.
3.1.2 Seagate: The M&A exemption from control of the three duty-free shops will result in a huge increase in profits. In May 2020, the waiver from the sea was 51% and the seal was completed.
In 2019, the sea made a net return of $3.031 billion. In 2019, the sea made a net gain of $3.23 billion and a net gain of $260 million for mothers, of which Melan Seaport opened in 2011 with an operating surface of 14,000 square metres and a tax-free camp of approximately $2.3 billion in 2019.
In January of this year, the market opened in the City of Sun Square, with an area of 22,000 square metres and about $1 billion in business a year later. The airport is the first airport duty-free airport in Hainan.
In 2015-2019, the airport increased its tax-free revenue from $1.2 billion to $2.3 billion, with an average compound growth rate of 16.9 per cent per year, from 640,000 to 1.27 million in 2015-2019.
1824 dollars a year. 2020h1. 1,255 million dollars, 447.7 million shopping times, and 2803 dollars a unit. Between 2015 and 2019, the number of passengers at Meran airport increased from 16.17 million to 2,422,000, with an average annual compound.
The annual purchasing penetration rate rose slightly, from 4% to 5.2%, and the 2020h1 purchase penetration rate reached 7.4%. ...The airport's load will be effectively eased....In the second phase, the airport will expand its tax-free shop, with an area of 9,000 square metres, and the airport plans to work with the company to build the country's largest airport tax-free shop.
The company will provide a company-provided duty-free store at Merland Airport, and the cost will be significantly reduced, the commodity class will be significantly upgraded, and the logistics efficiency will be increased. The airport will be able to fully benefit from the policy dividend, opening up room for rising unit prices, and increasing the tax-free market at Seagate Moon Square, which opened in January 2019.
On the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 2nd floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 4th floor, on the 4th floor, on the 4th floor, on the 4th floor, on the 4th floor, on the 4th floor, on the 4th floor, on the 4th floor, on the 4th floor, on the 4th floor, on the 4th floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 4th floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st and 1st floor, the 1st and 1st floor, the 1st floor, on the 1st, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor, on the 1st floor
The number of shopping people is 420,000, with a single price of $2440, which is higher than the single price of the American airport (1824 dollars in 2019), and the Seagate Moon Square, which is better equipped with complementary services than the American airport, is also located in the middle of the city.
The lunar square duty-free shop will shorten travel time and provide easier shopping experience for duty-free travellers away from the island. Meanwhile, Haifa’s tax-free shop in the lunar square opened on January 31, 2021, and will be able to create synergies with the company’s tax-free shop in the lunar square in the future.
The company is currently stepping up the construction of the Seagate International Free City project, which will become the largest tax-free business city in Asia, which is expected to open in 2022 and will be another point of growth in the future in the company’s tax-free performance off the island. Seaport Free City has invested 12.26 billion yuan, accounting for 324,000 square metres of land, with a total surface of 693,000 square metres, and will be tax-free.
Approximately 89,000 square metres of business. The duty-free city is connected to the new seaport on the East Coast Avenue, covering duty-free commerce, tax-free commerce, offices, hotels, condos.
Seagate International will be able to better serve this segment of the island’s passengers and increase their purchasing penetration. Meanwhile, Seaport International will attract more overnight passengers from sea ports for duty-free consumption in the future.
At the Melanes airport store in Haiguchi, at the Moon Square in Haiguchi, at the Châteapolis store and at Seaport International Free City, forecasts of the Melanes airport store in Haiguchi = passenger throughput* permeability* of passengers per unit, assuming that, in 2018-2019, passenger throughput at American airport slowed down and carrying capacity was near a bottleneck. 2020.
A 20% drop in passenger traffic is expected. In 2021, Meran Airport II will be operational, and it is expected that it will effectively slow down airport loads and increase passenger traffic by up to 30%. In 2022-2025, the number of passengers at Meran Airport will increase – in 2021, when Meran Airport II will be operational, and the tax-free stores at Meran Airport II will be opened.
With an area of 9,000 square metres, Merland Airport I + II will have a total of 23,000 square metres, with an exit trip starting to recover in the course of the year, and a small drop in purchasing penetration of 9.3 per cent is expected to stabilize at that level thereafter.
Space, but the rate of growth is expected to slow down every year. For 2020-2025, the rate of increase in the unit price of the Melanes airport is, respectively, based on the above-mentioned assumptions, the forecast for the 2020-2025 market at the Melanes airport is as follows:
In the year 2020, the number of overnight passengers at the sea port was 134.05 million, a drop of 22% from the same year. In 2021-2025, the speed of overnight passengers at the sea port took into account the speed of the three-way passengers mentioned above.
At the same time, Haifa’s tax-free market opened on January 31, 2021, with a total area of approximately 39,000 square metres, with the opening of the first period of 3,000 square metres and the creation of two future tax-free shops.
In 2022, the International Seagate Free City opened, or will be divided between the Sun Square and the market, buying penetration rates will increase the price per person per person per year by reference to Sanya Sea Bay, but the rate of increase will rise year by year by year by year.
The forecasts for the 2020-2025 harvest of the Chonhai Bo shop are as follows: Seaport International Free City collection = Seaport overnight passenger * penetration rate*, presumably: Seaport International is expected to open in June 2022 or later. Seaport overnight passengers 2022-2025
The rate of increase in the three-way overnight traveler rate above is 25/15/10/10%, respectively. Seagate International will become Asia’s largest tax-exempt city with duty-free operating space, supporting facilities, commodity brands and products that will make it more attractive than the Sunrise Square.
As a result of the accumulation of visibility and slogans, the international tax-free passenger penetration rate will be lower at an early stage than at the early Tria Sea Bay, but higher than at the early Seagate Day and Moon Square, at about 5%, after which the penetration rate will increase from year to year. (Assuming to start in June 2022, the number of people purchased in 2022 will be overnight passengers at the sea mouth* penetration rate/2.)
In 2023-2024, the tax-free city became a long-term city, and its accompanying facilities and commodity brands are in the process of being perfected.
The annual tax-free sales break through 10 billion yuan. In just two years, the tax-free sales hit another 20 billion, amounting to 27.5 billion yuan in 2020.
New high-profile brands at the Moon Square tax-free shop in Bogley, Omega, Tiffany, Prada, Zhou Dafu: San Asia International tax-exempt city renovations in Guzi, Katia, Jiang Shendanton, Noise, Canadian Goose, Moschino, Hariguchi American Airport, newly introduced high-profile wristwatches like Chopin, Huan Kingdom, Masters, etc.
In 2020, the sales of spices fell from 75% to 50% of total sales, and the sales of watches and clothing exceeded 10% of total sales.
On December 14, 2020, about $5 billion was sold on the line, which is more than 400% higher than the increase. More marketing was done. For example, the United Airlines, the Ota, the Travel Agency, the mainstream media, brands, etc.
• Dissemination of information on the New Deal and preferential promotion of duty-free off-island: 100 dollars per shopping ticket for each customer through Hainan's “consumption one-size-fits-all”; various promotional activities, etc. 1) expansion of operating premises and drop-point windows to increase the number of clients.
On the basis of point 1 and duty-free point 2, a new “free point 3” has been added and is located at Sanya airport. The size of the point has been expanded from 284 square metres to 770 square metres at San Phoenix airport, Melan airport and the new seaport at Seaport, and the number of lift windows has been increased from 29 to 74, effectively addressing long waiting times.
Question. Currently, it is usually possible for shopping passengers to complete their pick-up within 2 minutes, and for passenger peaks not to exceed 20 minutes. 2) Based on the flow of passengers and passenger flow lines, the company makes reasonable additions to the cashier's counter and fast-tracks to introduce the move.
(c) The company provides a special green corridor for special groups such as pregnant women and the military, and provides humanized services.
Passengers from the island can pick up their goods by mail. Residents of the island can pick up the goods before leaving the island.
3.2 Airport tax exemption: The airport tax exemption is an important part of the company’s tax-exempt operations through M&As. In 2019, 2,802 million yuan, or 58.5 per cent of the company’s total, was collected from the North and Hong Kong airport duty-free shops.
In 2017-2018, the company acquired 51% of the shares in Japan (China) and Japan (Shanghai) and occupied the core of China’s airport resources. The rest of China’s remaining airport duty-free markets are also large.
Most are run by companies, and individual airport duty-free shops are operated by beads, deep-seated, and Chinese uniforms. It is significant to occupy the main core airports, even if the airport’s net profit rate is lower than that of off-island tax.
The core airport is rich in passenger traffic, which is a natural advertising position for branders, and allows companies to acquire more tax-free shops from brands at Shanghai airport: powerful passenger flows provide for re-arrangement of rents that are affected by the scale of sales.
In March 2018, 51% of the shares in Shanghai were exempted from cash acquisition day (Shanghai) with $1.505 billion. In July 2018, Japan won tax-free operations at Sea Rainbow Bridge International Airport and Shanghai Pudong International Airport from 2019 to 2025, with the exception of the Pudong Airport t1 tax-free shop.
According to the original rent contract between Japan (Shanghai) and Shanghai Airport, the base sales were raised to $41 billion over the duration of the Pudong Airport contract and $2,071 million over the term of the Rainbow Bridge Airport contract.
42.5% (35% old withholding rate in Pudongt prior to 12021 and 42.5% new withholding rate in 2022), 45% fragrance, alcohol, and foodstuffs, and 25% for department stores. Shanghai Airport is presented as a base sale method and a deduction rate method.
On 30 January 2021, Japan (Shanghai) and Shanghai Airport signed a tax-exempt shop at Shanghai Pundong International Airport with an annual rent payable of $1,156 million, a reduction of about 70 per cent from the rent payable under the previous contract, under which the Supplementary Agreement of 2020 provided that:
1) When the actual international passenger flow during the month averaged 80 per cent of the actual international passenger flow in the month of 2019, the “monthly collection fee” is charged on the basis of the “monthly actual sales withdrawal” and the “monthly actual sales withdrawal” is determined on the basis of the following formula:
“Contribution per capita” - set at $135.28 by reference to the per capita contribution level in 2019: “passenger flow adjustment factor”. The smaller the margin, depending on the size of the actual international passenger flow in that month compared to the actual international passenger flow in the same month in 2019, the larger the margin (the ratio corresponds to between 30 per cent and 120 per cent respectively).
* The “area adjustment factor” is determined by the size of the ratio of the actual area of operation to the total area of the duty-free site, with the smaller the margin, the larger the area adjustment factor (the margin ranged from less than 10 per cent to more than 70 per cent, respectively).
Rub, but when the actual area of operation is 0 per cent of the total area of the duty-free site, the area adjustment factor is 0.2 In the current month's actual international passenger flow > 80 per cent of the monthly average international passenger flow per month in 2019, the “monthly charge” is charged on the basis of the “subsistence sale up to the end of the month” ... The “subsistence sales up to the end of the month” is determined according to the following formula:
Monthly bottom sales raise = 12 months of the current year’s bottom sales (the same year’s bottom sales were tied to international passenger flows linked to international passenger currents).) This rent adjustment became “on top and below, there is room” to link rents to international passenger flows.
When international passenger flows recover above expectations, the rent will be capped (previously the base rent will be capped); when international passenger flows recover below expectations, the rent will be adjusted downwards according to actual passenger flows. As a result of the airport high levels, in 2019 the net interest rate at the tax-free shop at Japan Airport (Shanghai) was only 5.8 per cent, with net profit for the mother.
The rate of contribution to the company ' s net return profits was only 9.7 per cent. The number of passenger throughputs in the international + area of Shanghai Pundong International Airport and Rainbow Bridge International Airport increased from 29.7 million in 2015 to 38.51 million in 2019, with an average annual compound growth rate of 6.7 per cent and a national rate in 2019.
On March 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 2019 and 2020h1, respectively, tax-free shops at Shanghai (Shanghai), 10.45 billion yuan, 15.15 billion yuan and 6,867 million yuan, respectively, representing 31 per cent, 33 per cent and 15.1 per cent, 9.7 per cent and 6 per cent of the net return from the company to the mother.
In the first half of the year 2020, the price of a free-of-charge shop at Japan Airport (tax-free collection/air traffic at Shanghai Airport International +) increased sharply to $1636, mainly because of the large sales volume of direct mail on the Japanese-Shanghai line, while passengers arriving and leaving the country at $278, 393 and 1636, respectively, at 2019 and 2020h1, respectively.
In 2020, although lower rental costs at Shanghai airport led to a reduction in sales costs, there was a marked drop in international and regional passenger throughput at the airport, and tax-free shops at Shanghai airport were collected and netted on 2020h1
At the same time, straight-line mail operations use cross-border electricity lines (2.6w per person-year), and duty-free shops are consistent, with operators paying taxes on their own to the benefit of consumers, and thus have a certain impact on profits. As direct-line mail continues, it is expected that the future will be significant for revenue collection and profit.
In the long term, the impact of the future epidemic has gradually dissipated, with a steady increase in sales, an increase in bargaining power, and a room for growth in the profits of Shanghai airport stores. Figure 56: Japan (Shanghai) revenues and contributions to companies (in billions of yuan, %)
Figure 57: Net profit and net interest rate for Japan (Shanghai) (in billions of yuan, %)  Tax exemption for Japan (Shanghai) Figure 58: Net profit return to Japan (Shanghai) and contribution to the company (in billions, %)
Figure 59: Tax-exempt passenger unit price in Shanghai (Shanghai)
In 2020, only 4,864,000 passengers and passengers from Shanghai Airport (Pudong+Raon Bridge) were infestationed by the global epidemic, a decline of 87 per cent from the previous year. It is expected that they will not recover to pre-epidemiological levels until 2024 and increase in 2024 until 2020.
Since the beginning of the 2021s, the epidemic has improved, and the projected unit prices are based on the above assumptions, the forecast for the 2020-2025 harvest of Shanghai airport stores is 3.2.2 Beijing airport tax-free: two market-led free sales in one city.
In March 2017, the company acquired 51 per cent of the shares on the day (China) with cash of 39 million yuan. July 2017, the year. The first year of t2 and t3 bottom sales amounted to 830 million yuan and 2.2 billion yuan, with combined withholding rates of 47.5 per cent and 43.5 per cent, up from 42.5 per cent at Shanghai Airport.
In March 2019, the company won a 10-year tax-free business on the first- and second-point afloat, food labels, and two-point affixion, and fine items. The base-year guarantee for the first affluence, food labels, was $230 million, while the bottom-sale rate was 49 per cent for both tobacco and alcohol and food commodities; and the second affluence, fine products.
The base year for the band was $416 million, of which 46 per cent was held off on perfumed commodities and 20 per cent on refined goods. The international area of Capital Airport Plus witnessed a steady increase in passenger throughput, leading to tax-free growth.
In 2015-2019, passenger throughput increased from 22,580,000 to 27,57 million in the International + Region of the Capital Airport, with an average annual compound increase of 5.1 per cent, and in 2019, as a result of airport runway maintenance and mission security, passenger throughput slowed down in the International + Region.
In 2019, the tax-free market in Beijing (the capital airport t2, the t3 terminal, the tax-free airport at Daesing airport) registered an average annual compound growth rate of 41 per cent.
From 2017 to 2019, the capital airport t3 tax-free shop, operating in China, realized a net profit of 200 million yuan, 180 million yuan and 140 million yuan, contributing 8.1 per cent, 5.7 per cent and 3 per cent of the net profit of the company, respectively.
In the case of direct mail operations, the tax-free shop at Beijing airport (the tax-free shop at the capital airport t2, the t3 terminal and the tax-free shop at Da Hing airport) generated a total of 1,850 million yuan, a decrease of 57.61 per cent from the same year. The tax-free shop at the capital airport t3 at the Japanese transport camp received 1.61 billion yuan, resulting in a net gain of 310 million yuan from the mother.
Tax-free passenger unit prices at Beijing airport (collected at Beijing airport duty-free shop/passenger traffic at Capital airport international plus) increased by 36.1 per cent in 2019 and 36.1 per cent in 2017-2019 on average.
In September 2019, the airport became operational and will be developed in coordination with the airport in the capital city, which is now well under way in the international + region. Under the coordination programme, the airport is located in close proximity to the airport in the capital city in 19
The proportion of international + regional passengers at the capital airport is 28%, and in 2025 the number of passengers at the Beijing airport and the Beijing airport is expected to reach 2016 million. By 2025, the capital airport and the Da + international airport are expected to receive a tax-free market in Beijing:
Beijing airport stores collect = Beijing airport (Capital + Big Hing) * passenger unit prices, assuming that in 2020 Beijing airport (Capital + Big Hing) arrivals and departures fell 75% by the same year. It is expected that they will recover to pre-epidemiological levels by 2024, with 23% in 2024. Growth will continue to slow in 2025, at around 2025.
In 2020, as a result of the epidemic, which caused a significant drop in the number of passengers arriving and leaving the country, tax-free goods were promoted on a discount basis, so the price of the unit fell slightly in 2020. Since the beginning of the 2021s, the situation has improved and the unit price is projected.
3.2.3 Guangzhou Airport tax-free shops: The potential to release Hong Kong Airport duty-free shops for internationalized branding and t2 has a rate of 42% and t2 35%.
In 2019, the number of passengers at Guangzhou White Cloud Airport continued to rise. The number of passengers at Guangzhou White Cloud Airport International Plus reached 1,871 million (25% of the total number of passengers at White Cloud Airport), and the annual average growth rate for 2015-2019 was 13.3%, well above Shanghai and Beijing Airport, with some success in the construction of the international hub.
According to the White Cloud Airport tender for planning advisory services for the implementation of the three-phase expansion of the Guangzhou White Cloud International Airport, the plan for the expansion of the White Cloud Airport is expected to achieve 120 million annual passenger throughputs by 2030. The potential of the Guangzhou Airport tax-free shop is yet to be released.
There is a gap between the amounts consumed by passengers at Beijing and Shanghai airports, so tax-free shops will also have a gap between the revenues of the tax-free stores at Beijing and Shanghai Airports. In 2019, White Cloud Airport collected tax-free revenues and the unit price doubled compared to the previous year, mainly due to tax-free operating space and exemption.
In 2019, the White Cloud Airport collected $1.92 billion, an increase of 117.5 per cent. In 2019, the White Cloud Airport bill was 103 dollars, an increase of 102 per cent, and in April 2018, with the opening of the t2 tax-free shop, it is expected that the future White Cloud Airport tax-free shop collection will continue to be fast.
Growth. In 2018 and 2019, the International + White Cloud Airport accounted for 11.2 per cent of the country ' s passengers, while the International + White Cloud Airport accounted for 11.2 per cent of the country ' s passengers, but the tax-free camp contributed only 4.2 per cent, leaving a huge gap between Beijing and Shanghai, so that the potential of the White Cloud Airport tax-free shop remains to be released.
Figure 66: Duty-free receipts and contributions to companies at White Cloud Airport (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 67: Duty-free passenger unit prices at White Cloud Airport (in dollars) Figure 68: Tax-free receipts at White Cloud Airport from 2018 to 2019 as a percentage of corporate contribution & international contribution
Figure 69: Contribution of major airport tax-free revenues to companies in 2019 as a percentage of the national contribution of passenger throughput in the  international + regional + area (in %)
In April 2017, a joint venture with Lagarde, the fourth largest tax-exempt operator in the world, was set up.
This represents a crucial step towards internationalization by exempting them from the first large international free retail platform. With the influence of Hong Kong airport channels and market size, duty-free commodity bargaining power, branding, branding, etc., will be avoided in the future.
Hong Kong International Airport, an international and regional airline hub, connects the world’s 190+ destinations, with 71,54 million passengers in 2019. The exempt Hong Kong airport tax-free shop has achieved operating income of 2,402 million yuan, an increase of 14.54%.
Guangzhou Airport Free Shop Prediction: Guangzhou Airport Collection = Cheongzhou Airbuses * Portfolio Prices, Assuming that in 2020 there was a 60% drop in the same amount of incoming and outgoing passengers at Guangzhou Airport.
Back to pre-epidemiological levels, the rate rose by 11% in 2024. In 2025, the rate continued to slow, at about 7%.
In the year 2021-2023, the price of the passenger unit continued to rise. For the reasons mentioned above, the forecasts for the 2020-2025 harvest of the Guangzhou Airport are as follows:
Hong Kong airport stores collect = Hong Kong airport arrivals and departures * unit prices, assuming: 60% drop in traffic by year 2020 for Hong Kong airport arrivals and departures.
3.3 Intra-city tax exemption: Policy gains are expected to accelerate companies ' pre-emptive advantage. In the past, the development of duty-free shops in the city was limited by policy. Expatriates were not included in the municipal tax-free shops for the population, but only two foreign and Chinese companies had intra-municipal tax-free licence plates for incoming Chinese passengers, for a total of nine duty-free shops (China and China).
8 stores, 1 store for Chinese residents, and 5 for foreign nationals.
In March 2020, the National Development and Reform Commission issued an Operational Opinion on Promoting Consumer Inclusion and Accelerating the Creation of a Strong Domestic Market, which identified the need to build a tax-free system for China ' s special features and to insist on serving people outside China and my residents.
At the same time, the cities in a position to do so are encouraged to provide land, financing, etc. for the construction and operation of duty-free shops in the city, and to set up exit points for duty-free stores in the city at airport ports. Since then, many government departments have expressed their support for the construction of duty-free shops in the city, while at the same time the King’s Administration has provided support for the construction of duty-free shops in the city.
In 2019, the company opened five inner-city shops in Qingdao, Xiamen, Dalian, Beijing, Shanghai and China, thereby effectively supplementing the border exit duty-free shop and upgrading foreign and Hong Kong-based passengers.
In 2020, China will be exempt from a strategic agreement with the Wuhan Harbour Development Group and Xian International, which will set up duty-free shops in China and the North-West region. For Korea, our city’s tax-free short-term airport will be tax-free, with a long-term market share and increased profits.
In South Korea’s municipal tax-free shop, Chinese are the main purchasing power, while at the same time they drive home-to-country migration and perfume industries. And in my city, tax-frees are mainly used to intercept the consumption of people who have left the country, while our upstream perfume industry is no better than South Korea.
In China, the profit margins of duty-free shops in the city can be drawn from the profits and return rates of shops in South Korea. The high return rate of shops in South Korea is lower than the overall profit level, and, if added to the repurchase point, the profits of shops in South Korea can be 15-25%. According to the Korean Herald, the return rate of shops and coex stores was 21% in 2018.
During the same period, the rate of return to Niro City shop was over 11%. In 2019, the net tax-exempt business had an operating profit rate of about 5.1%, and in the new world it had an operating profit rate of about 3.6%.
In the near future, the market is home to a large number of citizens who are leaving the country, and there is a high degree of convergence with the traffic at airports.
In the long run, duty-free sales in the city have increased, and they have gone out of line with the airport tax-free market. At present, the company has introduced fewer apparel and package-type luxury brands, which are expected to account for the share of the market sales in the early days.
High, similar to the structure of the airport’s products, would result in a certain diversion. But the rent costs of the city’s stores are much lower than the airport’s closing points, tax-free operators may take measures such as selling discounts, boosting product abundance, and so on.
The tax-free shop in Shanghai and the tax-free shop in Beijing forecast the tax-free shop in Shanghai.
The forecast of incoming and outgoing passengers at Shanghai Airport (Pudong + Rainbow Bridge) is based on the above analysis. *In 2021, the rate of penetration of the tax-free stores in Shanghai increased steadily to 4.2 per cent in 2022-2025, as compared to the level of penetration of the first year of operation of the square in the city of Haiguchi, which was estimated at 2.2 per cent.
In 2021, the unit price of the tax-free store in Shanghai was also taken into account in the first year of operation of the square in Haiguchi, and in 2022-2025, the rate of increase in the unit price was maintained at a level of 5 per cent.
In Beijing, tax-free shops collect = Beijing airport (Capital + Big Hing) * permeability* of passengers per unit, and the forecast of incoming and outgoing passengers at Beijing airport (Capital + Big Hing) is analysed above. Tax-free shops in Beijing buy the same penetration rates as those in Shanghai.
With reference to the above assumptions, the forecast results for the 2021-2025 round-up of duty-free stores in Beijing are as follows: 3.4 on-line operations: under the impact of the epidemic, the company ' s online operations have accelerated, including increased duty-free back-up functions, i.e., off-island passengers
The purchase can be continued on the back-to-back platform within 180 days; and direct line mail can be added, such as the launch of platforms such as Beijing, Shanghai Day, direct mail, cdf member purchase, mostly for people with entry and exit records, limiting the amount of money purchased on a single basis, the number of merchandise items and the amount of money purchased (26,000 per person/year occupied by the cross-border power provider).
Tax stores, sales prices, and access routes are consistent with the offline airport duty-free shop, with operators paying their own taxes. The combined tax on cross-border electricity providers is about 20-23% below the rate of withholdings at several hubs, and we judge that the net interest rate on straight-line mail is 15-20%. At the same time, companies use their size, channels, and membership excellence.
4. Profit forecasts and investment proposals group corporate operations into commodity sales, tourism services and other operations.
There are four main components: duty-free off-island, core airport duty-free, intra-city duty-free, and other duty-free shops. Tax exempt off-island: Hainan will be designated as an international tourism consumption centre. Tax-free tourism will be promoted in both directions.
Market space. The opening of Phoenix Airports, the expansion of Meran Airports, the synergy between the Sun Square and Haifa's Sun Square, and the opening of Haifa's International Free City in the second half of 2022 will be a series of drivers that will continue to boost the company's tax-exempt performance from the island.
Core airport tax exemption: The rent supplement agreement with Shanghai airport eases the pressure on companies to keep their rents on the floor. In the same time, straight-line mail operations are working in a timely fashion, opening up new performances for corporate airport duty-free operations in the event of an epidemic. Global passenger traffic is expected to resume in 2024. In the future, online operations will develop into normal, tax-free rents for Shanghai airport.
"There's a roof, there's room, there's room for two trips to Beijing, there's an upswing in passenger traffic, and there's a deep release from Guangzhou White Cloud Airport, so that the company's airport line of duty-free operations can go hand in hand, and it's expected that it will continue to open up within the city: the city's tax-free policy is expected to accelerate this year, and the liberalization of the policy is expected to free the country of entry.
The investment proposal is that the domestic cycle will continue to promote the return of consumption abroad, that policies will accelerate the development of the tax-free sector, and that the off-island tax-exempt and intra-city tax-free evolutionary space will be opened. Currently, the off-island tax-exempt New Deal dividend is in a fast-release phase.
At the same time, the uncertainty of the overseas epidemic has accelerated the return of consumption abroad and the space for an off-island duty-free market. Firms are well placed to benefit first and foremost from policy catalysts, and in the future their strong scale effects, supply chain effects, and managerial capacity will become more visible in the context of more competitive markets.
The tax-exempt industry pattern, which is “exceeded by a super-power,” is free of charge. It is so strong that it is accompanied by additional omissions, and it works together to make a big tax-free market for our country and to facilitate the return of consumption abroad. 1. The macro-system risks are such that the population does not consume as expected.
2. The risk of recurrent outbreaks of disease has led to a less than anticipated recovery of international + regional passenger flows at airports.3 Tax exemption policy support has fallen short of expectations, and within-city tax exemption policy has fallen short of expectations.4 Tax exemption industry competition has increased and profits have fallen short of expectations.
Table 38: Company profit forecast tables that have not been, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute the purchase of the said securities.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.