q2 shows slightly higher expectations, 23-year robust targets, and companies show slightly higher expectations in the second quarter of the year alone. Except for the relatively low rate of growth during the same period last year, the demand of companies for the first half of the year and the opening of circulation channels are all catalytic.
There is a continuing demand for a party channel, and the branding of the political and commercial channels further expands the degree of recognition within the province. It continues to grow, and the flow is relatively slow to recover. For example, the sub-products, the company is open and symmetrically growing, the v3 is strong, the grouping channels are still growing better, and the prices are lower.
The product also continues to benefit from the demand for the table. In the first half of the year, the multiplier factor was split into a single-point upscaling forecast that contributed significantly, while the growth in the number of clients after the easy, double-opening process also contributed to the increase in the number of clients during the same period (a reasonable increase in stock after some products entered the large channel) and the overall goodness of the stock.
Companies’ traditional strong markets, such as Nanjing and Subei, have been growing at a steady pace, while the weaker South African market has expanded smoothly and has grown faster than the average company rhythm. Companies’ channels of circulation have opened up the space for incremental growth, based on national identity and consumer-end branding for many years.
It's better to sell when you open up two channels into the main circulation. In the first half of the year, the company's channel activity was better than the competition, the final thrust was stronger, and the company performed flexibly and with certainty in the second half of the year.
In the short term, the market for the feasts has been stable throughout the year, the country has recently put in place a number of consumer-promoting policies, post-policing business demand is expected to pick up, and companies continue to grow at a higher rate of certainty in the second half of the year.
With the overall recovery of the economy in the province and the continuation of the upward trend in consumption, the company’s sub-high-end price belt products continue to absorb the expansion of demand from the south to the north. Meanwhile, the company launched its national affiliation in April, with price adjustments expected to be based on a more accurate and competitive approach.
In the long run, the company’s out-of-town share is lower than that of the head of the industry, and the company has recently restructured its organizational structure and will be building 10 model local cities outside the province in the future, with a bit of a nationalization that is to be expected.
During the year, the post-epidemic market demand recovered and business demand recovered in the second half of the year; staggered, sturdy, v3 went further; increased speed after monolithic, lowly entry into major circulation channels, and we maintained "buying" based on absolute valuation laws, reference company historical valuations, comparative company valuations.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, the conclusions of which are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.