Food and beverages of the present life (603369) Expanding outside the province of precision farming, with a structure that continues upwards, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2023, with 23h1 achieving gross operating income of $5.97 billion, equal to $1 billion, equal to +30.6 per cent, a net return to the mother of $80 million, equal to +29.1 per cent, a continuous upgrading of the basic product structure with performance forecasts, and a sharp increase in the off-the-post market. 23q2:1, sub-product structure, tera+ class,
Cata, a, b, c, +d, and other categories of products, respectively, generate 1.390 billion yuan (+26.5 per cent), while the product structure continues to be optimized.2 Subregionally, the regions of Huai An, Nanjing, Sunan, Su, Salt City, Huaihai, and out of the provinces, generate 370 million yuan (+26.2 per cent), 560 million yuan (+22.5 per cent),
One hundred and seventy million yuan (+40.6 per cent), further strengthening of niche markets such as Huai An and Nanjing, and weak market branding climates such as Su-China and Su-Nam have increased significantly, with continued penetration rates in and out of the province increasing rapidly. • The Māori rate has increased further and the cost-infusion pace has continued. 23q2:1, the Māori rate in the company's main business has increased.
3.7 to 72.9 per cent, mainly as a result of the continuous improvement in v-line sales, the consolidation of basic infrastructure, the continuation of the trend towards higher levels of product growth and higher, and the further optimization of the product structure. 2, Nationalization, and the increase in advertising in national media, such as visualization, have also increased the cost of consumer nurturing and marketing.
The sales cost rate rose by 3.0 percentage points to 13.1 per cent, the management cost rate remained stable, the overall cost rate was raised, high-end convergence was accompanied by nationalization, and the goal of 10 billion dollars was achieved throughout the year.
In the beneficiary province of Yuv3 business consumption has been upgraded and 600 prices have been continuously expanded, and sales have continued to improve and high-end roads have been cleared up.2 Intra-provincial cultivation has continued, channel networks have sunk into towns and villages, terminal controls have been extended to shops, and the main market has been further strengthened; and the long-term triangulation system of national v3 operations has been constructed and built on the basis of c.
Incentives are put in place, and business is strong, with 10 billion goals at stake, and long-term growth is strong. Given companies’ ability to grow over the long term, they maintain a “buy-in” rating.
4. Consorts of the world (603369): breakthroughs outside the province of precision farming, clear path of 10 billion journeys (2023-02-24)
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.