In the first half of the year, the company made a net profit.
Steady growth, of which v is maintained at a faster rate of growth, relative to and close to each other, and a higher rate of growth in the category of tera, which has performed well and has now grown to be the third largest single item of the company. c.d. similar decline, total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
2) Sub-markets: The Sino-Su growth rate has recovered and the dominant regions have grown steadily. The growth is driven by rapid growth at the intra/outside level in the 23h1 province, and the intra-provincial pattern continues to compete with each other.
The present-day horizon (603369), "The present-day edge: 22 years of good Kyoto, and so forth, has been growing steadily, and the recovery of the Su Central region has been marked, mainly last year, by a relatively low base of increases affected by the epidemic, with a figure of $100-300 in the province.
Today's Constellation (603369) The world's Consort: 22 years of success in completing the test, 23 years of open-door performance.
1) Māori at the end of the ratio: 23h1 Māori at 74.48%, of which 23q2, Māori at the company 72.87%, of the ratio + 3.66pt.
2) End of cost: The company increased the cost of its spending and the sales rate increased the same as the same. 23h1 issue of input, including multistar concerts, with advertising fees and promotion costs equal to +40.67%, +120.54%, management costs 2.73%, +0.17pt, R & D rates equal to +0.17pt, etc.
In the present world, the category of taa has been growing rapidly, with 23-year target of 10 billion years, looking forward to 23 years: mid-Autumn, National Day, a steady warming of the business dinner scenes, and 10 billion hits throughout the year. From the marketing side, with the subsequent recovery of the economy, business is warming and the feast is recovering.
At the end of the strategy, at the Development Congress, the marketing system proposed a further marketing plan for 2023.
Recapitulated as the “521” initiative. 1) Deepening the five-folding initiative: upgrading the high-end brand matrix, building a cultural breakthrough path, deepening the integration model, building professional marketing groups, increasing digital depth; 2) promoting two major improvements: brand value enhancement, subject
Optimizing uplifts: 3) Achieving one goal: to win the $10 billion target. The company has proposed 10 more districts as a priority market outside the province. We believe that the company has a comprehensive view of the post-billion era in terms of brand values, channels, and team optimization, with clear strategic orientations; and deepening the five-fold matrix.
Development initiatives are more sophisticated, and it is hoped that the process of high-end, nationalization of companies will continue. Medium- and long-term outlook: equity incentives to protect the escort, 10 billion years after the start of the six-year phase of the country. The company ' s annual marketing work plan states that 1) will be used for large-scale v9 Qingyya spices; 2) upgrades to national boundaries.
Brand strategic positioning, nation-building monolithic products; 3) breaking through high-end monolithic products of the present world; 4) building a national marketing model; 5) upgrading the management system of marketing organizations. 23 years of total operating income is set at $10 billion. The company will deepen its five-folding initiative and continue to promote high branding and nationalization.
The goal is to further develop 10 districts as a market for priority areas outside the province, and we believe that the corporate strategy is clear, focusing on k, v, development, and increasing out-of-country ratios, while identifying 23 years as two years for brand values and marketing topics, with a three-year platform of action and a six-year public launch.
The limited layout of the model market outside the province, with a view to the next billion years, is expected to move forward smoothly from brand values, canals and the optimization of the company to high-end and nationalization; moreover, equity incentive programmes have been put on the ground, giving companies confidence in sound future development.
Investment proposals: In the short term, companies are open to consumption, v of which is expected to benefit from rising consumption within the province. In the long run, the structure of the company’s products continues to improve, with the launch of the sixth and the nationalization, marketing mechanisms guaranteeing continuous follow-up, equity incentives falling into the ground, and the company’s dynamism.
In the present world, the tera category is growing fast, with 23-year target of 10 billion years to maintain the company's “buy-in” rating. Big fluctuations, big drops in the consumption of white wine, etc.
Profit projections and financial indicators: Current edge: the tera group maintains rapid growth, 23 years of target of 10 billion, current horizon: the tera group maintains rapid growth, 23 years of target of 10 billion.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts as they are. The contents and observations in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute a reference to the statements in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.