2 seasons of high growth, 2023 billion targets completed, major business data points assessed in the first half of 2023 present year, high quarterly growth, product lines coming up, faster sales, corporate channels plus product two-wheel drive, 2023
With a high growth rate of one quarter in the second quarter, the product lines have grown and become more marketable. 1h23 has achieved gross operating income of $5.97 billion, an increase of 28.5 per cent over the previous year, of which 1q23 and 2q23 battalions have increased at rates related to the lower base for the same period, while companies have managed the channel order and inventory effectively.
As a result, the company's entire inventory was better digested in two quarters than in the same period last year, and was sold more quickly, with overpayments and progressing well. According to the network of company officials, the president of the company said at his working session in the first half of 2023, “the last kilometre of a high-quality run-off line of 10 billion dollars”.
Intra-provincial feasts have a strong consumption base with alcohol and commercial wine, and in the context of a weak recovery in the industry, the company's prices have become more dynamic with its products. For the benefit of the feasts, the four-opening and pairing of the two cores are still growing faster and, according to company announcements, 1h23 is at $170-180, driven by the core of the monolithics.
The structure of the company ' s products has been continuously upgraded, channel costs have been restructured, and net interest rates have remained stable. 2q23 is a net gain of 80 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 29.1 per cent to the same year, a net interest rate of 36.7 per cent to the mother, a decrease of 0.4 per cent to the same year, and a rise of 3.7 per cent to the ring of 1q23.
The company continuously upgrades the product structure, introducing new items during the sugar and wine fair, while increasing the cost input and layout of the v series of brands. The company adjusts the cost-disbursing structure to include large consumer growth and controls on channel promotion costs, and the net interest rate is expected to remain stable throughout the year.
Channel + product double-drive, with a target of 10 billion in 2023 expected to be successfully achieved. (1) Jiangsu province is dynamic and has a large market capacity, alcohol consumption prices are higher than in other provinces.
In April 2023, the company launched a four-tier upgrade product, the six-way national product, which was re-upgraded by the 600-7000 consumer group, with a view to high-end leadership and model market development. (2) Extra-provincial markets focus on resources and select the market base in some of the original priority provinces.
The market focus, based on the market price collection of July 28, 2023, is focused on the local market, with 10 of them selected, with a focus on appraisals, operations, and resource priorities. We expect a breakthrough in the marketing of key markets in 2023.
Corporate equity incentives fall on the ground, internal incentives are right, and the product structure is excellent. We maintain the previous profits.
There's a lot of competition in the province. Out-of-town development isn't what it's expected. v Series is not what it's supposed to be. Food safety, Sino-Soldier International Securities, Inc. Food beverages: white wine.
(8610) 66229391