Today's world is ready for the mid-tsunami season, and the year's performance is ready.
We went to Jiang Suhuaan to communicate with the company listed in this world.
(a) A smooth transition is expected during the season of mid-autumn season and there is a greater degree of certainty in the need for gifts and banquets. (2) Focus on high-quality developments in 2024, the level of stocks is expected to cool down. (3) Development in Jiangsu province is still much more than ever and progressing steadily towards nationalization. (4) National relations continue to build on the foundations and v continue to attack high-end prices. (5) Investment proposals: 2023 is a year of full benefit to the province.
The recovery in volume, with the country opening up, will continue. A fine-tuning of pre-profit projections, with total operating income projected for 2023-2025, a smooth transition is expected during the mid-autumn season, a better recovery in high-end white wine and a better recovery in high-quality feasting.
• Focus on high-quality development in 2024, where stock levels are expected to smooth down, according to development planning, with a target of $10 billion for the company in 2023, demand recovery, short-term stock competition in the province and appropriate companies
There is still much room for development in Xiangsu Province, which has begun to progress steadily on the country’s path towards nationalization. From the point of view of the province, the market for wine consumption is more inclusive, and companies are not growing to the ceiling in the province, and there is still room for further improvement.
For example, the company’s semi-annual growth rate in the Huai An market was higher than the overall rate, largely benefiting from some empty areas and price-side increases. At the national level, the company’s short-term nationalization has been somewhat slow and still in the process of tweaking. The company has selected 10 local municipalities in Zhejiang, Shanghai, Anhui, Shandong, Henan, and Jiangxi for expansion, while strengthening its organizational and talent profile.
Managing the process, along with sending good teams from the provinces to the out-of-town market. The series continues to attack high-end prices on the four-way border, as the base for corporate stability, and the next one will lead the four-way street in a stable price situation.
On the roll-out of new products, the company is expected to launch a fifth generation of interlocking and interlocking companies in the first quarter of 2024, which will continue to reduce the policy and maintain price-plating stability. At the high end, the v series is a highly sophisticated company, with a projected price pole of v9 to ensure an orderly release of v3.
In 2023, the high-quality recovery of the feasting scenes in the province, which benefited fully from the benefits of the present life, was accompanied by a wide-ranging and continuous flow of products. A fine-tuning of the previous projections of profits was expected to bring about a gross operating income of 99.47/1226.03/150.19 billion in 2023-2025 (formerly 98.89/1244.73.1456 billion), which was less than anticipated than in the past; macroeconomic pressures; and increased competition within the province.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject