Food and beverages of the present world continue to grow, with 10 billion people at risk, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Achieving gross operating income of 2,167 million yuan, +30.59 per cent, net return to the mother of 795 million yuan, +29.15 per cent, continuity of high growth, 23h1 performance in line with market expectations.
To promote the upgrading of the product structure, the country's v3 brands in the province will increase significantly and lead to a clear improvement in the product structure; Toto, in the province's interior, will continue to strengthen the brand and strengthen the brand power outside the province; Toku, in the province's interior, will continue to strengthen the weak markets; and the regions such as Su-chung, Huaihai, Salt City will continue to grow in strength and compete with the competition.
The gap continues to narrow, branding can be significantly enhanced; outside the province focuses on 10 core markets, where channels are more sophisticated and refined, and brand influence continues to accumulate.
Single/lightly, with four-way/synchronous brand radiation, superimposed its competitive product quality and channel thrust, with a higher growth of single/symmetricality, which contributed more to corporate revenue and further solidified the base plate.
The main price of the feast in the province is more robust. 3 - The pace of spending continues, the profitability is generally stable, with a net interest rate of 33.0 per cent for sales of 23q1, a 0.5 percentage point decrease compared to the same period; the net interest rate for sales of 23q2 is 36.7 per cent, and the high end is accompanied by nationalization, with both growth and growth space. 1 - The company’s national affiliation series insists that “China’s new”
(a) The branding of a generation of high-end white wines, with the introduction of a national six-way layout with a thousand-bit mark and a high and continuous upgrading of brands;
Operating and spearheading the creation of 10 local market models, opening up the market from guerrilla to position, placing resources on a more focused basis: building a long-term, v3-triangular system of operation, actively carrying 600-bit expansion dividends, and a clearer product strategy. 3. Incentives are put in place, operations are strong, and 10 billion targets are successfully achieved.
Consider the company’s ability to grow over the long term, and maintain its “buy-in” rating.
Intra-provincial market speeds (2023-05-01) Consorts of the world (60369): breakthroughs, 10 billion journey paths (2023-02-24)
4. Constellation of the world (603369): Ten billion journeys are clear and will not be compensated, either directly or indirectly, by reason of their absence, or by reason of their specific recommendations or views in this report.