On 27/07/2023, Shinss@cfsc.com.cn published its main operations in the first half of 2023.
$795 million (29.2 per cent increase). Second quarter revenue is slightly higher than expected, profits are higher than we expected, profits are slower than revenues, extra-provincial expansion costs are invested, organizational structures are optimized, and 10 billion is on target.
At the beginning of July this year, the company adopted a partial organizational restructuring bill that created the Strategic Research Department, the Office of the Chief Engineer, the Large Data Centre; the Ministry of Brand Management, which was integrated into the Ministry of Culture; and the Ministry of Marketing, which merged with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Industry and formed the Department of Marketing in 2022.
Compared to the organizational structure, the company has merged the Department of Marketing Management with the Department of Foreign Affairs, reflecting the current history of managing the internal and external distribution system.
The Ministry of Brand Management has been integrated into the Ministry of Culture, focusing on the creation of a culture of interconnectivity, along the lines of culture and wine, and continues to strengthen the brand awareness of “the present world, always” “the present world, always”, “the present world, always” and “the great things, always”; it has been created.
1. The Constellation of the World (603369): The Strategic Research Department, the Office of the Chief Engineer and the Big Data Centre, which are continuing upwards for the next billion years, the focus of strong brands out of the country.
Organizational restructuring and strategic layout lay the foundation. 2, The Constellation of the World (603369): The Core Monument.
The time has come to open the door and look forward to more excellent performances, macroeconomic downside risks, growth below expectations, v series growth below expectations, extra-provincial expansion, and so on.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific comments or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.