On August 28, 2023, the Sunss@cfsc.com.cn.
Total operating income of 2023h1 was $5.97 billion (28 per cent increase), net profit for the mother 9.73 per cent (-0.8 pct), higher sales costs were mainly due to increased consumer cultivation and advertising inputs, and higher management costs were mainly attributable to the company ' s pottery stock.
Increased volume losses and salary increases and the impact of the adjustment of the social security base. $799 million net cash flow for business activity 2023h1 (6 per cent less) and $5,756 million return on sales (33 per cent increase). 2023q2 net cash flow for business activity
Optimizing product structure, increasing out-of-sovereignness 1, Constellation (603369): a slight upswing in the second quarter, a strong foreign brand focus.
The product growth is impressive, with higher end-to-end sales above $100 accounting for 93.41%, production continues to improve, and the out-of-town expansion is carried out in an orderly manner.
Half a year, the company focused on branding, raising its profile through a series of events and conference marketing, while also optimizing the distributors and upgrading the quality of the distributors.
There are 1,046 businesses, an increase of 32 compared to the beginning of the year. Macroeconomic downside risks, growth below expectations, v series growth below expectations, out-of-provincial expansion, etc.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific comments or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.