Helium petrochemicals (600346.sh) The petrochemicals group published its annual report for 2023 on 9 April 2024, full 2023.
The company achieved annual operating income of $234.866 billion, an increase of 5.62 per cent over the previous year; and the return was achieved.
The gap has continued to be high, with the price differentials for diesel/ gasoline/air kerosene cracking throughout the year 2023 2. " Helium petrochemicals: over-expected return to warmth, expecting new materials to come into production! " , the clean-up of overseas refining energy, and the potential for the price differentials for finished oil cracking to be sustained at medium and high levels.
3. In parallel, the px-former oil price gap has been maintained at a high level, with a year-round px-former oil price gap of $3204 per ton, an increase of 19.73 per cent over the same year. The company currently has 20 million tons of crude oil per year.
Process capacity and 5.2 million tonnes/year px capacity, sustained strong price differentials in refined plates were strongly supported by significant repairs to company performance in 2023. Chemical plate performance is expected to be accompanied by rehabilitation of demand for heating: the current need for afrocarbons
It's still in a state of grinding, and the overall trend is reheating. 2023 polyolefins - the original oil price difference is all heating up, and the corporate chemical plate is expected to be repaired.
3.80%. Stretch petrochemicals implement a programme of action for “high-yielding efficiency returns” that reflects the company's emphasis on shareholder returns and its firm confidence in future development.
(b) Deep-processed production capacity to produce wide-scale terminal products - the growth of poor oil prices, which is expected to affect the company's profitability calculations; and (ii) the risk of low demand for the end;
(3) Project construction is less than expected: (4) risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar: (5) potential for net profit spreads: (6) risk of force majeure.1 Significant recovery of year-round performance and recovery of consumer demand is expected to produce further positive results
Helium petrochemicals released its annual report for 2023 on 9 April 2024, and the company ' s year-round performance was continuously repaired throughout 2023. In recent years, the company has continued to improve the layout of various chemicals, which has been accompanied by the warming of end-use demand since 2023.
The 20 million tonnes/year crude oil processing capacity and the enriched chemical production were rapidly recovering, with the 2023 major product with the 2023 average difference in diesel/ gasoline/aerial kerosene fission rates of $912/1129/$2597/ton for the whole of 2023, an increase of 2.53 per cent/81.77 per cent/decrease of 0.66 per cent, respectively. Of this, 2023q4 diesel/ gasoline/aerial kerosene fission price differentials were broken down by 2023q4
As domestic demand for finished oil consumption continues to flourish, and overseas refining capacity clears, the price differentials for finished oil cracks are expected to remain at medium and high levels, and the company ' s refining plates are expected to remain strong. At the same time, the px-former oil price differentials continue to be high, with px-former oil prices falling by $3204/ton throughout the year for 2023, compared to the same year.
Of this, 2023q4px - the original oil price gap was $3064/t, with a narrow ring harvest of 7.77%, and the overall price margin remained high. The company now has 20 million tonnes/year crude oil processing capacity and 5.2 million/year px capacity, and the continued strength of the refined plates is expected to sustain the company’s performance.
In 2023, the demand for fermented hydrocarbons remained in the state of grinding, with a gradual overall return to warming. In 2023, polyvinyl hydrocarbons - tons of crude oil, with a 4.63 per cent wider ring. At the same time, the price differential for pta products has recovered since 2023q4. 2023 pta-px has enriched the network of products, relying on the “big chemicals” upstream since the launch of the 2019 2000 tons of refining integration project.
The platform has been extended to the downstream high-value-added areas. In mid-2023, the first phase of the 440 million-square-square-cell diaphragm project, which is now in the pilot phase of production, and the 800,000-tonne/year functional film phase, which is being built on the base of the lake, 12 production lines have been successfully operationalized, and 12 other line-functional film projects of the base are under construction.
Production continued in the second half of 2024; the 1.6 million tonnes/year high performance resin project at the Changing Island Base is expected to be fully operational in the second quarter of 2024, the company c2 industrial chain and coal industry-related production will be further improved, and the progressive production of fine chemicals such as biphenola, polycarbonate esters, electro-subgradedmc and new materials products is expected to contribute to the growth of the company ' s performance in the future.
Figure 12: The chain layout of the Helium petrochemicals industry. According to a company announcement issued on 12 March 2024, the total value of gold (including taxes) to be distributed in 2023 was about 3.80% of the value of the inventory.
Depending on shareholder returns, it also demonstrates firm corporate confidence in future developments. 1) Changes in crude oil prices affect corporate profitability calculations: geopolitical events such as the conflict in the Middle East, the evolution of the situation in the Russian Federation, the advancement of Iran’s nuclear agreement and the lifting of sanctions in Venezuela or the creation of uncertainty on the supply side, disrupting the global crude oil market; at the same time,
The Fed ' s interest or dollar-led index is strong, while the dollar index is generally negatively related to crude oil prices, and the Fed ' s monetary policy or disturbance of crude oil prices are: 2) The risk of low demand at the end: the company ' s operating income comes mainly from the sale of finished oils and petrochemicals, partly in the industry.
(a) The cyclical nature of business and related products and the downside risks associated with industry. The company’s products are mostly intermediate products, subject to the possibility of over-anticipated changes in supply and demand relationships in the industrial chain, and, while considering oil prices, macroeconomic needs such as downstream consumption, packaging, car and infrastructure can also have an impact on the demand for the company’s products;
3) Project construction does not meet the expected risks: multiple projects of the company are under construction, such as the construction of the project at a slower pace than expected, or the risk of significant fluctuations in the United States dollar exchange rate: crude oil purchases are made in United States dollars, while revenue-end settlement is dominated by the renminbi, daily operations require purchase of the dollar, sale of the renminbi, completion of settlement, significant fluctuations in the United States dollar exchange rate or a negative impact on the performance of the company;
5) There is a possibility of net profit being spread out: once the new material is marketed, the financial position and profitability will continue to be reflected in the company ' s consolidated statements, and the net profit of the new material is likely to be spread out in favour of the company. 6) The risk of force majeure.
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Analysis of the rates of the reports in the market.