Helium petrochemicals (600346): Pre-optimal, long-term layout, leading to new growth of new materials, pioneers in private refining, and high-yielding returns. In 2019, a major refining investment led to a new start in the country's private refining layouts, after which the company built on its own “oil, coal, chemical” industrial platform for deep integration, from polyesters to pta,
Aromatic hydrocarbons, the entire layout of the refining chain of the oil industry, while aiming at polyesters downstream of aromatic hydrocarbons, new polyester products and new fine chemicals downstream of aromatic hydrocarbons, new directions for the application of special new materials and new markets.
RMB; 2) Hydrogen balancing capacity, cost advantages of integration; excess gains even in the low industry; 3) long-term layout, high product location, and high transformation of new materials.
The industry has passed, and companies still have good profitability under medium and high oil prices. The refining industry as a whole will expand as oil prices rebound from the bottom.
Zhang Jing Jian has made steady profits in the processing of poor quality oil and unique refining processes. The company’s 20 million tons/year refining integration project has been fully operational since 2019 and has undergone the petrochemical peak valley cycle. The company’s profits improved significantly in 2023, resulting in a net return to the mother.
We believe that the profitability of companies will increase further with domestic refining, participation in competition abroad and the recovery of downstream demand. The refining process breaks down the traditional process route and magnifies the cost advantage of the product.
The boiling-bed process has largely solved the problem of drying up heavy oil, increasing the use of crude oil by 5%, increasing the production of high-value-added chemicals by more than millions of tons. The Helium petrochemicals project has pioneered the application of the All-hydrogen process, with hydrogen production rates at the top of the country.
For the pta device, the company, as a new project, has a higher yield than the industry’s hub of about 223.13 yen/tonne at current material prices. For the large chemical platform, there is a wealth of products and a clear variation in the long-wire heights.
The company’s former silk products have developed to the advantage of refined raw materials and have evolved to the higher end. The company’s industrial filamental capacity is the highest in the country and has a strong industrial chain in leading enterprises; autonomous research and development has accumulated green textiles, wind power and electricity.
With a range of differentiated, functional scrubber products, such as bundled fibres, high-intensity civil wires, analogue acetic fibres, production of polyesters, marketed new materials, fully released in value. The company holds the stock of the new material, a national high-technology firm that anchors the membrane material, high-performance engineering plastics and biodegradable materials, and a small number of simultaneously owned materials worldwide.
Manufacturers with capacity for the development of the Bopet functional membrane and lithium diaphragm.
High-value-added products such as backboard membrane, as well as functional membrane and biodegradable materials that are leading the technology. To be divided: crude oil remains strong, downstream or recovering.
2. Chemical Study Series (XVIII): Out-of-sea research - From Japan ' s friend Rabig refining project in Saudi Arabia, our country refined out of the sea
3. Chemical Study Series (XVI): Studying overseas - comparable levels of companies, with a high red rate. After the expected cash fraction of the 2023 plan was completed, the company was listed and accumulated to increase the global competitiveness of our polyester chain and push it out.
To achieve a cash share of $22,371 million, or 41.08 per cent of the accumulated net profit from the parent. We appreciate the firm's long-term cash flow stability, its continuously increasing flagship attributes, and its first-time coverage of the “buy-in” rating.
1.1. The company pioneered the process breakthrough and became the first private and large refinery to become the largest industrial company, which has evolved over 30 years from a fibre-optic to a platform-based enterprise. The company began in 1994 at the Wu River-based fibre-optic factory, in 2002 at the formal establishment of Jiangsu Heungry-optics Company Ltd., and in 2003 at the creation of the Henrich Group.
In April, the Helium Group formally entered the petrochemical industry and established a Helium petrochemical (Grand Company, Changjing Island) industrial park. In March 2016, the company was re-listed on the upper board of Shell's Rubber and Plastic Mechanics. In 2019, the company's 20 million tons/year refining integration project was fully operational, and the company completed its new polyester materials to pta, aromatics, and the refining chain of the oil industry.
In its overall layout, the company constructed a complete industrial chain of “Crust oil-arocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons-pta, ethylene diol-polyesters new materials” that enabled the integrated operation of the whole industry chain of the Group Pulsification Business plate.
Private refining pioneers and international leaders in technology. During 2010-2018, all large domestic integration units were concentrated in China, while the final product of the refining and joint venture was still based on finished oil. In 2019, the production of a large-scale processing unit officially opened a multi-market competition in the refining industry.
In addition to the installations, there are kerosene-hydrogen, diesel-hydrogen, heavy-oil-hydrocracker fission units, which are internationally advanced technology packages for stable post-partum operations, providing stable benefits to companies.
The company's upstream “oil, coal, chemical” chemical platform is completed, and in the future the company will be aiming at sub-arocarbon polyesters, new polyesters and fine chemicals, new directions and new markets for special new materials downstream of aromatic hydrocarbons, consolidating traditional market advantages, breaking new areas for labeled materials, focusing on pbs/pbat degradable materials,
Functional polyester materials, high-performance resin materials, high-end fibre materials, new energy materials, etc. Figure 3 The chain layout of the hemospheric petrochemical industry, in conjunction with China's chemical construction of a high-end new material creation platform.