"Sinciding the new silver guard team's exploration of life insurance reform and wealth.
Research assistant IWU — In October 2021, the new team was inaugurated as an insurance-friendly wealth management team led by the Bank of Peace, designed for the private sector and the private sector.
Sustainable growth in wealth management operations opens up new paths. The team will combine the resource advantages of safe banking and life insurance, focus on clients, provide a full range of asset allocation planning and one-stop integrated financial solutions, and release the potential of silver in the upgrading of life insurance reform channels.
Insurance products help meet the full range of multi-layered demands for wealth management and help to raise banks’ income, deepen retail transformation, and tap into customer values. The current regulatory framework is exploring the exclusive nature of silver insurance, and the Bank has a long-term mutual benefit from the exploration of life safety insurance.
Banks have natural account advantages and rich customer resources, and the new silver insurance team takes as its starting point the diversification of the customer’s assets, while non-traditional life insurance is ruled by channels. Peace be with the bank’s nearly 1.1 million rich clients, with less than 10% of their insurance products, and there is much room for cooperation between the two sides.
The new silver insurance team is a positive attempt to transform the company from a single channel to a multi-channel, and a useful exploration for the public administration to move out of its current personal risk situation. The new silver insurance team is equipped with a basic reform law.
There are only three levels of team management. About 45% of the teams currently have high-quality, high-capacity teams.
Approximately 36% of individuals perform at the mdrt standard and above. Companies break the marketing logic of the original product orientation, focus on the customer, and improve the customer's overall configuration needs through a horizontal system of “products + ecology” that combines health, well-being, trusts, etc.
▪ We've measured the impact of the SZZG team on the value of the new operations in the SZB, the SLSP, and the health insurance, and the internal transactions to offset the costs of the group. We expect the SZZ team to offset the costs of the group, and we expect to save on the group ' s pre-tax profits by 2025.
China Peace (601318) : 2021 : Review of financial pressure on both sides  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings
It is of strategic importance to make asset allocation needs and optimize the life insurance channel structure. Since the beginning of the year, there has been significant volatility in the power-for-money market, and the overall return on investment has been under pressure.
Quarterly review: the indebtedness continues to be low, pitches 1. Background: Why are you a new silver insurance team? 1.1. The development of the risk channel faces a bottleneck period.
Traditional inefficient marketing models have entered deep, persistent dilemmas, and the new crown epidemic has hit the acceleration key. It can be expected that, even without the epidemic, traditional inefficient marketing models will be in trouble. In 2021, the risk company nbv fell by more than 25% compared to the previous 2019 outbreak, and the risk company nbv was less than 60% before the 2019 epidemic.
The epidemic exposed the neglect of the virtuous cycle in the course of the last few years, the continued growth of the low threshold, and the huge ills of the team, which, under a premium-oriented command stick test, were trained, retained and nurtured.
By the end of 2021, the National Insurance Corporation registered 6,419 million salesmen as practitioners of the Insurance Intermediary Monitoring Information System (ISIS), nearly 30% lower than at the beginning of the year. We expect that industry-wide manpower will remain under considerable downward pressure in the first half of 2022.
The upgrading of traditional proxy channels is further accelerated, with the upper-middle- and net-value client group being the focal point for the next phase of the insurance company competition. On the one hand, the sunk market will be gradually replaced by a policy-based, inclusive business, represented by social security, which aims primarily at raising the population’s awareness of insurance; on the other hand, some middle-income groups will be the main customers of Internet access.
Group targets, millions of health-care, standardized severe disease risks, etc., are likely to be sold in the future via direct Internet distribution channels, and it is difficult to transmit the prices and professional advantages of the proxies effectively.
Barriers to the marketing of complex insurance products are still higher, difficult to replace directly by Internet channels, and will not be replaced by inclusive business insurance and Internet channels only when agents have established a system of professional knowledge and adequate insurance services. Focusing on high- and high-value customers is also likely to increase the efficiency of the venture’s operations.
Second, in the face of growing competition from new and emerging Internet channels, the teams of agents of the high- and high-valued clientele focus will strengthen the moats with their own professional and service advantages. Focusing on secure operations and long-term pay-offs will help insurance companies to make better use of their “insurance” advantages at the end of the product and effectively improve the profitability and stability of life insurance companies.
With the implementation of the new code on personal security for the Internet, the difficulty for some small and medium-sized insurance companies to break through regional restrictions will increase significantly. For the newly established personal insurance companies, the silver insurance system is a tool for achieving a national profile.
I. Some small and medium-sized risk companies incorporate insurance products into the Internet of the Insurance Industry Association through mobile banking, bank points, self-service terminal insurance products, but these operations are in fact performed by the customer manager, far from the real Internet insurance business, which, on the one hand, avoids double recording requirements and reduces the complexity of sales.
At the end of 2021, the Superintendence of Silver Insurance issued a circular on matters related to the further regulation of the Internet personal insurance operations of insurance institutions.
The purpose of the regulation is to seriously address the problem of exchange of online personal insurance operations, circumventing the requirements of the relevant regulatory regime, and to guard against regulatory arbitrage. The competitive patterns of the silver market may be optimized.
On the one hand, small and medium-sized insurance companies, which have featured prominently on the Internet over the past few years, can no longer sell long-term savings-type products via the Internet, or will turn underline and start traditional banking partnerships in approved areas, or will be the preferred option. On the other hand, prior to that, the local Superintendency of Silver Insurance had selected some of the banks for insurance.
Business retracers can be punished or criticized, and we expect that with the introduction of the national double-record, regulation of silver insurance channels will be further strengthened, with a mixed picture of the actual impact, and that the advantage of regulated top-level insurance companies working with silver insurance channels will gradually emerge. In 2021, there will be a general double-digit decline in life insurance under the life insurance companies.
Under this scenario, the new bond system has grown in reverse, with industry having achieved a new policy size of $1.03 trillion in 2021, an increase of 5.9 per cent compared to the previous, of which the new bond line continues to be a major contribution, amounting to $753.2 million, an increase of 2.5 per cent compared to the previous year, while the bond line continues to be 2022, repeated throughout the country or will delay the recovery of the traditional line of insurance.
An important supplement to the size of the premium for each life insurance company each year. Figure 4: The industry silver insurance channel has contributed about 30% of the original premium.
In the context of insurance marketing cooperation between insurance companies and commercial banks, it is possible to select an exclusive cooperation point for in-depth cooperation.
It is possible to engage only one personal insurance company with the depth of cooperation agreed in this scheme, and not with other insurance companies as regular agents.” The new management approach means that the sale model of the insurance site, which has been suspended for many years, will be reactivated, and that the insurance industry will return to the strategic vision of the risk enterprise.
Together with traditional insurance marketing, residents have a greater confidence in banking channels, which are still worthy of deep exploration. We believe that exclusive networks of cooperation would be better than large insurance companies and banks that rely on bank shareholders as insurance companies, and how to build a mutually beneficial model of deep cooperation is a long-term business issue.
After 2020, the silver insurance channel was transformed from 4.025 per cent to 3.5 per cent of products, and the new business value of the silver insurance channel was realized