On 21 January 2020, the company issued a performance forecast for 2019, resulting in a net return on profits (new accounting standard adjustment).
523-556 million yuan, an increase of 57-67 per cent and a non-recurrent gain or gain of 40-45 million yuan.  Predicted by the hub that the net profit from deductions and withdrawals during the year had increased by 52.5 per cent over the year, slightly exceeding our previous expectation that we would be able to test me on the basis of "accelerated business income at the end of the incremental business and a trend towards accelerated profitability of 2019q3"
We've done a detailed analysis of the changes in the profitability of the 2019q3 season, considering the negative contribution of the losses in derivative financial investment, we estimate that the q3 quarter net interest rate has improved, that the trend is more pronounced, that the net interest rate has accelerated, and that in the short and medium term we are looking at the company's biosciences, the cmc increase.
The Unit compares the profit-enhancing window period from business expansion with the 300-year-old movement and “considering the growth of corporate operations against net interest rates, the three-quarters review is because we found a q4-quarter profit-enhancing rhythm.
The single season of net return profits is about 100% higher than the same season, less than the net return profits are more than 70% higher, and we estimate that one cmc's Māori rate is higher than we expected.
We expect that the Māori rate may have reached about 30 per cent;2 at the same time, the increase in profitability and consideration of the 2019 performance forecast is slightly higher than we had expected, while taking into account the fact that the company's incremental business capacity is being used to make a mark on Conlon (300759).
2. Conlon into 300759: q3 profitability accelerates management risks associated with accelerated business layout, short-term fluctuations in orders and management challenges associated with clinical business layout.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.