iii. Gold track leader, performance in compliance with expectations: company annual report 2019, operating revenue of 3,757 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 29.20 per cent over the previous year;
The net return to the mother is 547 million yuan, an increase of 61.31 per cent in the same year; the net profit is 505 million yuan, an increase of 55.15 per cent in the same year; the ps is 0.83 million yuan/share; the operating cash flow is 936 million yuan, an increase of 27.31 per cent in the same year, and the company is in a good financial position.
The net profit from deductions was $105-121 million, the growth of the same-year growth rate in 2019 was in line with expectations, with three major operations steadily growing at a high rate. In sub-operations, clinical research received $456 million, an increase of 31.3 per cent; cmc earned $902 million, an increase of 39.6 per cent;
The chemical business generated 2,380 million yuan, an increase of 25.52% from the same year, and the company ' s three main lines of business grew at a higher rate. Laboratory chemistry, the cornerstone of company performance, grew steadily.
Cmc and cro operations are fast-paced and long-term. They also benefit from the expansion of cmc operations and the expansion of R & D back-end operations, both of which have greater scope for future revenue and profitability. On a quarterly basis, the returns and deductions in the first quarter of 2019q4 grew by 29.57% and 83.54%, respectively, and the performance increased faster than in the previous three quarters.
In terms of profitability, the company ' s Māori rate of 2019 was 35.52%, an increase of 3.03 percentage points from the same year, largely benefiting from the public sector ' s continued growth and the effects of scale. The company ' s three fees were maintained at a reasonable level, and the rate of increase was much less than the rate of growth in corporate income, so the net interest rate of the company was growing faster. In 2019, the company ' s net interest rate was 14.56%, an increase of the same rate.
The company completed its listing on November 28, 2019, this time in Hong Kong.
The company’s listing at the port has enhanced its ability to finance, speed up its internationalization, and enhance its international branding, laying the foundation for steady growth in performance.
The cro industry maintains a high profile, and companies actively shape the whole industry. Policy drive, ageing, high market prices, higher cost of drug research and development, and higher cost of research and development, the market for outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development is the best option and industry maintains a very high profile. According to the Institute of Foresight, the size of the industry in 2013-2017 is in line with the growth rate.
Laboratory chemistry is the cornerstone of the company’s business, allowing it to accumulate experience in the areas of compound design and synthesis, target selection, pharmaceuticalization research, and the development of strong core teams.
As the company’s customer base and research technology continue to improve, we expect that the company’s laboratory services will continue to grow at a high and steady rate, at around 25%. For the company’s extension of the cro industry, cmc operations and clinical research operations will be the company’s main match of recent years.
The company's cmc service is now able to meet the process and production needs for clinical three-stage drugs. The company's cmc operations are expected to remain at close to 30% faster as the market-holder system is promoted and the market for new drugs continues to grow.
At an early stage, as companies continue to invest, they are expected to grow at a high rate of over 35%. The company’s three main operations will provide a steady impetus for the company’s continued development on the country’s cro gold track.
Rhino Industry Development