The company achieved its operating income of 3,757 million yuan in 2019.
This represents an increase of 29.20 per cent in the same year; 547 million yuan in net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies, an increase of 58.15 per cent in the same year; an increase of 0.83 million yuan in the corresponding eps. Of this amount, 1.13 billion yuan was earned in business in the first quarter of 2019q4; 29.57 per cent in the same year; and 219 million yuan in net profits attributable to mothers.
Core business has been growing rapidly. During the reporting period, corporate laboratory services generated 2,380 million yuan, an increase of 25.52% over the same period. The business has been settling down for many years, laying down a solid foundation and increasing the number of high-quality projects, and is expected to continue to grow steadily in the future.
During the reporting period, the company ' s cmc service achieved a revenue of 902 million yuan, an increase of 39.60 per cent over the same period, an increase of 5.99 per cent in the Māori rate and a high increase in the number of drugs accumulated by the company in the previous period.
54 in i, 20 in clinical ii, 9 in clinical ii, with increased synergies and high potential in the domestic market as the teams continue to work in depth, both within and outside the country. The business is expected to grow rapidly during the reporting period.
456 million yuan, a 31.30 per cent increase in the same year, and the technical uniqueness of the corporate platform, domestic outreach drive revenue growth faster. In November 2019, the company was successfully listed on Hong Kong’s main trading board, and the company’s integrated drug research and development platform accelerated.
During the reporting period, corporate sales rose to 0.45 pp; corporate cost controls were good.
The net gold current is 939 million yuan, an increase of 18.70 per cent over the same period. • Profit forecasts: we predict that the company will become owned by its parent company in 2020-2022 and will be produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company will not be treated as a customer by the recipients of this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
It shall be independent and shall consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.