On March 29, 2020, the company published its 2019 annual report on operating income, net profit return and net profit deduction.
Increases of 29.2 per cent, 64.3 per cent, 58.2 per cent respectively, cash flows from operating activities amount to $938 million, which is much greater than net profits (530 million yuan), 18.7 per cent, 2019.4 per cent, operating income, net return profit and net return profit deductions, respectively, 29.6 per cent, 101.7 per cent, 83.5 per cent (a slight variation in accounting standards), taking into account the continuation of profitability
At the same time, the company issued a forecast for the 2020 quarterly report, with a net profit of 0.92-108 million yuan, an increase of 70-100%. The net profit of $105-121 million was deducted.
\triangleright 1 income-side analysis, biosciences, cmc operations continue to grow rapidly, contributing to income elasticity.
31.3 per cent, and based on trend analysis of laboratory chemistry, biosciences, security assessment operations in laboratory services, we estimate that laboratory chemistry, bioscience revenues have increased by about 15 per cent and about 40 per cent, respectively, which further validates the logic of the “capable boundary breakthrough” that we have been emphasizing, based on the fundamentals of laboratory chemistry operations, corporate biology.
Science, cmc operations show a high growth trend. 2 Client/project basis: expansion to cdmo operations, clinical breakthroughs. The company in the annual report gave detailed information on changes in its clients and capacity, with 192 new clients in 2019 (up to 1,038), with specific reference to the fact that company cmc services involved 588 molecules or intermediates.
Of these, 485 were clinically first, 54 clinical i, 20 clinical ii, and 9 clinically, while the package of services further increased the overlap with cmc business services to 68%. With regard to capacity 3, accelerated expansion over the next 2-3 years. The company is about to deliver the Hangzhou Bay Life Science and Technology Park - Conlon into Biopharmaceutical Services in 2021.
While the Tianjin plant is expected to be delivered by the end of 2020 to further upgrade the company's capacity, considering the expansion of the H share-financed fund-raising project over the next three years, the company's capacity will continue to expand, increasing its profitability to the same level as Phming Condé and entering the platform's accelerated expansion phase.
In 2019, the company ' s overall Māori rate rose by 2.8 percentage points, to 24.97%, and Māori levels were very close to Māncipe Kant.
The Māori rate is comparable to that of the Pharmacy Condé;2 the high level of profitability is validated from the point of view of per capita income generation and profitability.
2. Conlong ' s transformation into a performance rating: continued over-expected, 30 per cent, relatively asset-intensive, with a greater impact on human effectiveness. We believe that in 2020, the company began to expand the ceiling through new operations (biological agents) and acquisitions while expanding its stock capacity.
Seeing the need for profit elasticity and layout of incremental operations, which is also mentioned in h-share finance, we believe that the company's platform is moving beyond the profit phase to accelerated expansion.
Operating cash flows have increased slightly less than the rate of income growth, and are concerned about the control of accounts receivable. Cash flows generated by operating activities amount to 938 million yuan, far more than net profits ($530 million), an increase of 18.7 per cent over the same period, slower than the rate of income growth, mainly as a result of faster growth in operating receivables, taking into account the rapid expansion of corporate growth.
We believe that operating cash flow fluctuations are on a normal scale and will continue to focus on the fluctuations of the indicator, tracking the company's cash, considering that the company's forecast for the quarter (including deductions) is much higher than our previous forecast of profits for the entire year, and we estimate that this may be due to the impact of the new round of financing on financial costs, taking into account the impact of this factor and the increase in the utilization of business output.
42 times, maintaining a “recommended” rating based on comparable corporate valuations. Management risks associated with accelerated business layout, short-term fluctuations in orders, and management challenges associated with clinical business layout.
Kwok, Ph.D., Research Assistant, Graduated from the College of Life Sciences at Qinghua University, studied postdoctoral studies at the College of Pharmacology at Qinghua University. In July 2019, the author joined the Chinese Institute of Securities Industry, with a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.