Meeting expectations, synergies and economies of scale laying the foundations for high growth - 2019 Quick Performance Review, 28 February 2020, company ' s 2019 Quick Performance Report, operating income and net return profits, respectively
37.57 million yuan, representing an increase of 29.2 per cent and 64.3 per cent, respectively, respectively; 4019 operating income, net profit returns, and net profit returns, respectively, meet expectations, with profit rates rising by 1.7 percentage points from year to year, laying the basis for high performance growth in 2020.
540 million yuan) in 2019, the net profit from the mother was 547 million yuan, in the middle of the previous performance forecast.
We estimate that the net profit of 4q19 is about 83 per cent higher than that of income, and that it is also much higher than that of income, confirming the view that our first in-depth report on 27 March 2019, " Conlon into depth report: the breaking of the power boundary, the gradual demonstration of scale " , is being raised with the productivity of the company ' s biosciences, cmc, etc.
We believe that this lays the foundation for sustained high growth in 2020. The vertical expansion of the service chain is accelerating, and we think it is possible to raise investors’ awareness of the firm’s business ceiling.
We believe that what the company has been focusing on since it was listed is the vertical expansion of its stock capacity and the service chain, which also provides the basis for the upgrading of its long-term business ceiling and the further increase of its synergies. 1 Inventory of business capacity continues to grow. The company worked in the first three quarters of the year at the third Life and Technology Park in Ningpohang Bay, Phase II and Tianjin, Phase III.
The process of continuous investment, bringing the total “construction in progress” to $133 million, an increase of 281 per cent over the same period, also reflects, in our view, the continued growth of the company's capacity in the short and medium term (stock and cdmo).
The expansion of ownership in the bed business, with 240 million dollars in successive investments to merge Nanjing Siwi (clinical cro) and share Beijing (smo), we believe that the depth of this service industry chain reflects the strategic intent of the company to upgrade its medium- and long-term operations, and that we will keep track of it.
1. Conlon becomes a performance rating: continuous over-expected view of incremental business elasticity and layout 2. Conlon becomes an evaluation (300759): read h
Taking into account the elasticity of the net interest rate resulting from the increased productivity of the company, we maintain the previous performance forecast, the management risks associated with the accelerated business layout, short-term fluctuations in orders, and the management challenges posed by the clinical business layout.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.