Le Wu Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xiao Xiao Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi
At the same time, the company forecasted a profit of 22 million in the first quarter of 2017.
At 26 million yuan, the same year was a huge loss, and the market was expected to see the biggest increase in the value of the global cobalt product: the company-led product was three dollars for cobalt products such as cobalt oxide, cobalt hydroxide and cobalt sulphate, as well as for lithium positive electrode material.
Pre-drill products, with a total of more than 39,000 tons of cobalt products in 2016 (approximately 20,000 tons of metal equivalent), an increase of 66 per cent in the same year and an operating income of 3,331 million yuan, compared with the sales of the company ' s cobalt products in 2016 measured by Anteco
This represents 41% of domestic consumption, 20% of global consumption, an increase in both domestic and international markets, and an increase in corporate leadership in the cobalt industry. Upstream demand for cobalt has risen significantly, owing to a new energy vehicle, three-dollar battery-led, with full 2016.
Cobalt consumption in the cell industry was 4.95 million tons, or 52.1 per cent, with a significant increase of 20.73 per cent in the same consumption. We believe that the demand for cobalt for new energy motor batteries will continue to rise in 2017 and that the current cost of cobalt metal is more than 400,000 yuan/tonne, from
The increase since January is close to 50 per cent. We believe that, in the light of the upward trend in volume prices, the divisional cobalt product business benefits most, while the cdm cobalt expansion project is operating steadily, the raw material structure is further optimized and performance elasticity is greatest.
In 2016, the company produced 20,000 tons per year, and basically achieved $134 million, a three-fold increase in revenue, a 2.9 per cent increase in Māori and a 3.78 percentage point increase in gross.
The lower interest rate was mainly due to the still lower capacity utilization rate. The company’s pre-triple drive product contained more than 523, 622, 811 models, some of which had already been produced and successfully entered internationally recognized battery companies such as Samsdi, lgc and others.
In addition, the company ' s battery-grade iron phosphate project has been completed and further enriched with a variety of lithium battery positive material pre-drives. The company has now become a leading supplier of raw materials in the country ' s lithium power source, and the industry has been further strengthened.
According to our calculations, the profit from the increase in the cost of cobalt, the profits from the ton of cobalt salt and tri-dollar pre-drivers, the annual profits from corporate battery material operations will increase significantly. First, cobalt is scarce, and the full price increases bring elastic performance.
Anteco data show that the global demand for cobalt in 2016 was 95,000 tons, an increase of 2.37 per cent over the same period, and that the demand side has not yet erupted, but that, starting in the fourth quarter of 2016, the giants of Carable and Freeport began to cut production, and that the Central Bank of the Democratic Republic of the Congo has reported a 7.35 per cent decline in production of the cobalt mine in 2016.
And the Democratic Republic of the Congo has been implementing a ban on copper and cobalt exports since 2017, with a marked contraction in the supply end. We expect global cobalt consumption to exceed 140,000 tons by 2020, with a seven-fold increase in the power of three-dollar cobalt compared to 2015, with demand-side eruptions driving the price of cobalt to remain strong.
The lack of capacity is greater than lithium, there is currently little new capacity, cobalt is small metal, and factors such as the global economy, supply and demand, market expectations and speculation will have an impact on cobalt prices, which have historically risen to almost 900,000 yuan/tonne in 2008.
Since July 2016, the price of cobalt has increased from a minimum of 190,000 yuan/tons to the current level of 400,000 yuan/tons to the right, mainly as a result of supply-side contraction and brokering. Cobalt prices are expected to continue to rise in the future as demand increases, bringing elasticity to the leading firms involved.
The Chinese Friends Cobalt industry, which was established in 2002 and is based in the Zhejiang district economic development zone, is a specialized industry. The company’s main products are lithium electric positive material pre-drivers, cobalt chemicals, and copper nickel metals.
Cobalt has been developed for over a decade, and has completed its headquarters in the capital, Africa, and its manufacturing base.
At the state level, markets are distributed globally in space. A vertically integrated industrial structure is formed with its own mineral resources as a guarantee, cobalt new materials as a core, copper and nickel products as an aid, and new materials as a whole are collected, selected, smelted and processed.
In 2016, the company sold more than 35,000 tons of raw materials for various lithium ion batteries, an increase of about 89 per cent over the previous year, and became a major supplier of raw materials in the new energy sector of the country. The company ' s position in the new energy chain of the lithium electricity industry was further consolidated.
In its 13th Five-Year Plan, the company proposed and insisted on the development of the lithium-electric new energy material industry, focusing on top control of resources, low-soil markets, capacity building, full implementation of the “two new, three-fold” strategy, accelerated development of the cobalt-high-temperature alloys industry, and transformation of the company's leader in the cobalt industry.
Lead in the industry of new energy materials for lithium electricity globally, led by cobalt products such as cobalt tetraoxide, cobalt hydroxide and cobalt sulphate, as well as by a three-dollar pre-distortion product for lithium-positive materials, with a total of more than 39,000 tons of cobalt products in 2016 (metal equivalents)
Cobalt sales from companies accounted for about 41 per cent of domestic consumption and 20 per cent of global consumption, as measured by Anteco in 2016, with revenues of 3,331 million yuan.
The company’s leading edge in the cobalt industry is growing. China-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-N, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China-N-N-N-N-N-Yu-N, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
The new energy panel has been actively following up on the world ' s cutting edge trio materials and implementing high-end breakthroughs with relatively leading international clients in this field, producing multi-model trio-vector products of 523, 622, 811, 333, some of which have already achieved quantitative production and steadily improved production and quality.
Successfully entering the supply chain of internationally recognized batteries such as Samsungsd1, lgc, the battery-grade iron phosphate project completed production, which further enriched the lithium battery ' s positive material pre-drivers. In 2016, the company produced 20,000 tons per year of pre-discharged second-stage production line, substantially increasing public production.
The size of the production capacity of the three-dollar power cell material product, the three-dollar drive, which is the backbone of the manufacture of the three-dollar material, the raw material, the production of the three-dollar material requires the equivalent of the three-dollar drive, which currently accounts for about 55 per cent of the cost of the three-dollar material.
iii. A significant contraction in copper and nickel operations has resulted in a significant contraction in sales. According to public information, the company’s second shareholder, HWAY, invested in a joint venture with Watermar to set up a copper mill (94.99% of China’s investment holdings), which we believe will help.
The company ' s copper product is sold in Yula, and Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory committee on securities.