In the short term, in the context of 18 years of strong regulatory continuity, corporate capital is expected to continue.
Negative structural adjustment still has some pressure, with a one-quarter shift from negative to faster growth under a steady spread. In terms of asset quality, the digestion of poor stock risk still takes some time.
The net interest income growth is driven by a marked improvement in revenue collection, with interest differentials. The impact of the first quarter of the Bank’s revenue convergence rate, which increased by 6.97 per cent over the previous year, is expected to be largely influenced by a steady increase in interest differentials.
In the case of non-interest income, the net revenue from fees fell by 5.94 per cent on the same date. The asset structure was further optimized, and the end of the liability was still under pressure to adjust. The size of the assets of the bank grew by 2 per cent in the first quarter of the year compared to the beginning of the year, or by 1 per cent in the same year.
The ratio of non-performing loans is flat and the asset quality is stable. The company ' s rate of non-performing loans is 1.71% in the first quarter, the same as at the end of 17 years, with an increase of 3 bp. We measure the company ' s plus write-offs.
The rate of negative quarterlyization was 1.16 per cent (assuming that the write-off rate remained unchanged from 17q1), which is consistent with the 17-year guarantee.
In the 18-year quarterly report published by the Min Seok Bank, the net profit of 2018q1 increased by +5.23 per cent on a year-on-year basis; total assets of $6 trillion (+0.77 per cent, yoy/+1.70 per cent, qoq).
Of these, loans +10.92 per cent yoy/+3.36 per cent, qoq; deposits +0 per cent yoy/+2.84 per cent, qoq; operating income of the same year + 1.36 per cent (a marked improvement in net interest income, driven by a significant difference in interest income after deduction of other operations)
Mostly affected by the implementation of the accounting standards for the 19 new financial instruments, net interest income on reduced calibres increased by 6.97% over the same period, and is expected to be affected mainly by a steady increase in interest-to-interest differentials. According to our estimate of the end-of-period balance, the net interest gap of the Bank for the first quarter of the year was 1.57%, an increase of 10bp over the same period.
The credit cost of the company was measured to have dropped by 22bp to 1.20% on a year-on-year basis, and the net profit of the company affected by this change from 0.3% before the provision was made to 2% on a year-on-year basis, or 1% on a year-on-year basis. The equity equity asset size ratio fell by 2% on a year-on-year basis, accounting for 47% of total capital, and the asset-end structure was further optimized. At the end of the liability, the value of the loan was increased by 3% on a quarter-on-year scale.
Based on the new peer liability caliber of the bill, the peer liability scale has increased by 14.1%, the peer liability as a proportion of total liabilities has decreased by 0.4 to 37.6% compared to the end of last year, exceeding the regulatory rate and remaining pressure to restructure the corporate end of the liability.
The company ' s rate of non-performing loans was 1.71% in the first quarter of 18 years, which was the same as at the end of 17 years, with an increase of 3 bp. We measured the company ' s combined write-off orders at 1.16% per year of the season (assuming the write-off rate remains unchanged from 17q1), which is consistent with 17 years. We expect that in 18 years of macroeconomic stability, the company ' s asset quality will slow down.
At the beginning of the 15-year period, the Bank launched the Phoenix Plan, with a firm pace of strategic transformation, and 18-year strategy has returned to modest results. In the short term, there is still some pressure to restructure corporate assets in the context of 18 years of strong regulatory renewal, with a one-quarter interest gap.
In terms of asset quality, it will take some time to absorb the risk of poor stock.