Starwoo shares (601799.sh) Automotive auto parts and components iii Net profit booming and Māori rate increasing steadily
q2 performance slowed somewhat and the medium- to long-term trend remained positive. The company published its semi-annual report for 2019, which achieved operating income of 2,707 million yuan, an increase of 10.48 per cent over the previous year; the mother ' s net profit of 339 million yuan, an increase of 0.29 percentage points over the same period. Of this, 2,219q2 achieved operating income of 1,283 million yuan, an increase of 0.59 per cent over the previous year:
The impact of the downside of automobile sales has slowed down the performance of the company 2019q2 (which is still significantly better than the average level of the automobile industry). We believe that, with the benefit of the following four positive factors, the company ' s performance is expected to continue to grow faster over the next two years: (1) the start of the automotive industry in the second half of 2019 is expected to improve, and the productivity of downstream customers is expected to increase.
The speed is expected to pick up: (ii) the continuous upgrading of lamp products, with a trend towards higher volumes and higher Māori rates; (iii) more high-quality new projects to be undertaken and new R & D products to be sustained; and (iv) new factories in Changzhou, Fushan, Changchun and Changchun, with higher production capacity.
The upward trend in the volume of product upgrades to Māori rates has emerged: in response to industry trends, in recent years, corporate lamp products have continued to be upgraded to “big lightization, ledization, intelligence”: one big light: company products have moved from small in-car lights to out-of-car lights, with higher-value front and post-package lamps in the light business.
The share is rising (the share of the former lamp is estimated to be more than 40%), and a favourable situation is emerging with a flat price;2 ledization: the company's lead lamp has been gradually produced with a mass of t-roc, the new treasure, etc. The value of the light is significantly higher than that of the traditional halogen lamps (more than $1,000 per lamp) and the Maori rate (more than 25%).
As a result of the rise in output capacity, the income from corporate carlight operations is expected to grow faster, and the Māori rate is expected to rise further. 3 Smart: based on the first and second generation of adb lamps, in 2018 the company completed a high-resolution imaging smart headlamps system, matrix adb from the adaptation of the long-lights and the ndas headlights.
In the future, the amount of smart car lights will help increase the average price of single lamps and Māori rates, and will provide new growth space for companies.
New projects and new production capacity are expected to contribute to a steady growth in corporate performance; in the first half of 2019, 1 new project: the company undertook 34 new projects to take over lights and manufactured 23 new models: 2 new capabilities: companies in Changzhou, Fushan, Changchun III, Seng Woo shares: Māori turn-over trends are clear, performance is clear
Continued expansion of capacity, with Phase II of the Volcano plant in 209h1 completed, and Phase I of the Changzhou Smart Manufacturing Industry Park expected to be completed in 2019q3. The arrival of new projects and the gradual deployment of new capacity will provide strong support for the company’s future development.
Investment proposal: The performance of 2019q2 has slowed down, but the medium- and long-term growth trend is still positive. We anticipate that Starry stock: performance continues to grow at a high rate and is accelerating. Starwoo shares: product upgrading trends remain constant, and scale effects hold.
Production capacity is not as fast as expected, and Starry shares: performance meets expectations, growth logic increases further, i.e. q2 performance growth slows down and the medium- to long-term positive trend remains unchanged.
q2 The performance rate slowed somewhat and the medium- to long-term trend remained positive. The company published its semi-annual report for 2019, which achieved operating income of 2,707 million yuan, an increase of 10.48 per cent in the same year; the net profit to mothers of $339 million, an increase of 13.10 per cent in the same year; the Māori rate of 23.45 per cent, an increase of 1.81 percentage points in the same year; and the net interest rate of 12.53 per cent, an increase of 0.29 percentage points in the same year.
For $1.283 billion, an increase of 0.59 per cent over the same period: a net return of $169 million, a decrease of 0.10 per cent over the same year: a Māori rate of 23.64 per cent, the downward impact of downstream customer car sales, and a slowdown in the performance of 2019q2 (although still significantly better than the average water in the automobile industry). We believe that, benefiting from the following four enabling factors, the company ' s performance is expected to continue to grow faster over the next two years: (1) 2019
The outlook for the automobile industry is expected to improve in the second half of the year, and the rate of increase in the production and sale of vehicles by downstream customers is expected to pick up; (2) the volume of lamp products continues to rise, and the upward trend between the volume and the Māori peaks has largely developed; (3) there are more high-quality new projects under way and new R & D products are on the way; and (4) new factories in Changzhou, Fushan and Changchun are on the move to produce more and more productively.
Figure 3: Corporate operating income and rate of growth in the last 10 quarters. Net interest rate of 12.53%, an increase of 0.29 percentage points over the same period.
A further increase should be an approximate event, with three rates decreasing from year to year: the rates for sales by the company 2019h1, management and financial costs of 2.23 per cent, 6.42 per cent and -0.01 per cent, respectively, and a combined 8.65 per cent reduction of 0.35 percentage points in the same year.
Modelling costs have been spread over time, coupled with good cost-control capabilities, and the company’s three cost rates are decreasing each year. Secondly, the trend towards a high volume price and an upward trend in the Māori rate has largely emerged.Corporate lamps have continued to upgrade in recent years in line with industry trends:
Upgrade path one: Big light-led single-light prices continue to rise. With data from China ' s Industrial Information Network and Automobile Light Technology, Industry, and Market Trends, we expect the domestic market size to be about 55 billion yuan in 2018, of which the market size of the front-light product is about two-thirds.
Higher-value front-lights and post-combined lamps have a rising income ratio in the light business (64,595.3 million company headlight sales in 2018, an increase of 13.30 per cent in the same year; average single-light prices of $69.75, an increase of 5.97 per cent in the same year), and a favourable situation in terms of volume increases.
The downside is mainly due to the low-cost strategy of companies to capture the share of the market of their joint brand competitors in the early days of the opening of the market. Thus, the average price of corporate headlamps has been rising in the past few years (the headlight ratio has been rising by the same price), while the Maori rate has been falling (the initial headlights are still below the headlights).
The company's Led front lamp, which has been produced in 2018, is accompanied by a popular t-roc, new bobble, etc., and is expected to be accompanied by some new golfer in the second half of 2019. Both the value of the Led lamp (more than $1,000 per lamp) and the Māori rate (more than 25%) are higher than traditional halogens or thorium gas lamps, climbing up the slopes with productive capacity, and with good product rates, companies are expected to increase.
The revenue from the lighting business is expected to increase at an accelerated rate, and the Māori rate is expected to increase further.
Upgrade path III: Smartness opens up new growth space. Building on the first and second generation of adb lamps, in 2018 the company completed the development of high-resolution imaging smart prelight systems, matrix adb from the adaptation of remote lights and ndas smart prelights to three smart car lights.
Third, new projects and new capacity are expected to contribute to steady growth in corporate performance: in the first half of 2019, 1 new project: new company vehicle lights.
The company’s headquarters is located in Changzhou, close to the long-triangular car industry, which is located close to the top of the sea above, and can be close to a large crowd, gas utility, auto utility, Chirre, Jili, and other new car-making enterprises.
In the vicinity of the Changchun motor industry base, it's one of the top clients of the company. In the case of the Fuoshan base, it's one that's already operational. In the case of the Guangdong auto complex, it's one of the closest customers. In the case of the Toyota, Hiromoto, and the Volkswagen Volkswagen base. In the case of the company's continuous expansion of capacity in Changzhou, Fushan, Changchun, and in the case of the factory in Fushan, phase two of the 209h1 factory has been completed, and in the case of the Intelligent Industrial Park, phase one.
The arrival of the new project and the phasing in of the new capacity will provide a strong support for the company’s future development. The flow of led lights has not grown as fast as expected; the volume of sales from downstream customers of the company has increased at a lower rate than expected; and the pace of deployment of the new plant is not high.