The Sinji Mountain Signals are in the air, spring and autumn (601021.sh)
The reason for the report is that the annual and quarterly reports assess that the volume of traffic has resumed to continue to run, that the long-term growth space has become more resilient during the epidemic, and that the volume has returned to the lead industry. In 2020, international flights were blocked.
On April 29th, 2021, Air Spring and Australasia moved its idle capacity back home, opening 82 domestic routes throughout the year. Market data for international and Hong Kong and Australasia have been maintained at a rate of more than 30% since April 29, 2021.
Other companies in the industry. In 2021, affected by local epidemics and the policy of in situ ageing, the three main q1 air routes rpk accounted for only about 30% of the same period in 2019, and spring and autumn aviation grew by 25.31% over the same period in 2019, showing strong operational resilience.
\triangleright recognized investment losses and accounted for impairments in the long-term equity investment of the joint venture Spring and Fall Air Japan. After deducting the impact of the matter, the company achieved net profits of $140 million in 2020 and its own aviation industry
The company has now formed eight bases in Shanghai, Shenyang, Ishijia, Yangzhou, Ningbo, Shuyang, Lanzhou, Shenzhen, mostly non-line cities.
On this basis, the company further established the China-China regional hub, with Nanchang at its core, and plans to set up a branch in Xian, Chengdu. The company continued to enter new bases, accelerating its penetration into low-line cities, and during the 2020 epidemic, it opened 82 new domestic routes, not only to tourist cities, but also a lot of them.
As a result, companies position low-line target client groups in cities, with significant potential for growth in the future. Investment advice: companies return to the lead industry, operate more resiliently, and operate in the future through low-cost operations.
It is expected that the company will expand rapidly in China, China, 28 West Side Street, Beijing.
In 2021, 2022, ps 1.59, 1.99, corresponding to the collection on 29 April of $63.28, per cent, 7th floor, Intercentre, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.