The pressure was released and lightly re-loaded to start on the 29th of February 2020 to lower the quarterly tasks to reduce the stock and add up to smooth performance in line with spring hour fluctuations.
The new management, represented by Liu Xianxuan, has been facing product, channel and other shortcomings since 18 years. The company has been in the process of overhauling its stock, raising its price plate and restoring its capacity to work, taking targeted initiatives: 1) at the product level, launching high-line sub-high-end single product m6+.
Improving quality and profit from channels, gradually replacing the sub-high-level pioneers of m6; 2) channel level, re-constructing the new channel relationship of “one-stop shop, multiple-stop shop” for m6+, optimizing the workforce, meeting multi-level dealer profit claims and increasing channel motivation; 3) organizational level, dilution
Sex marketing mission indicators are softly tested, combining the creation of the Ministry of Sea Sky, Dream Blue and more efficient operations, while stock buy-back incentives are steadily being implemented. We believe that adjustment periods are inevitable, that companies are still dominated by inventory, solid price plates, and that revenue ends are controlling goods, m6
Full shutdown, cost-side increases in cost inputs to improve the spread of channels market + centralized payment of historical fees with residual problems, resulting in a decline in performance affecting 1903-1904, reflecting once again the ability of companies to adjust, to reload, and to remain competitive: feedback from channel visits, company festivals.
The previous refunds and terminal sales are in good shape as a whole, the current ocean prices are solid, the dream series has recovered, profit levels from the channel have recovered significantly, M6+ profit from the channel is about $100, the ocean channels 1 and Ocean River shares (00204) are adjusted.
The impact of the stock is manageable, the epidemic or slightly longer, but the overall impact is limited by 2020. We believe that the company’s current governance structure, product system, marketing level and channel depth are still at a firm pace, with expectations of a build-up.
Industry leads. Long-term competitive advantage is still evident. In particular, large strategic monolith m6+ provincial promotion of class opportunities has been further developed in conjunction with the New Jiangsu market, opening up the sea sky and m3 upgrade space at the same time as direct profit increases.
It is expected that the organizational dynamism will be further activated, and it is recommended to wait for business improvements in the medium to long term.