q3 company's performance is under pressure to wait for marginal improvements Events: three-quarterly report of 2022 by profit technology, company 2022q1~q3 achieving operating income \triangleright
\triangleright 4.23pct, with a high level of competition for the coating plate as a result of the expansion of industrial capacity, both sides of supply and demand are squeezed down
The level of Māori has generally declined, with the Pcb-level subsidiary yield electron rate of Māori 2022q3 23.52 per cent, compared to +6.24 ptc, with economies of scale showing a decrease in the average cost of single-bit products and an increase in profitability, mainly as a result of the release of Gian Bien Bian primary capacity. 3) At the profit end: the company ' s net interest rate of 2022q3
Research assistant Choi Jo Yo is gradually improving the structure of the product, and the industry's grinding phase continues to grow.
In terms of capacity-building, three new projects were carried out in 2022 at the pace originally planned.
The three phases of the WJP were launched in q2 and LZ2 and the Pine Hill Lake Seal project was expected to be operational in q4, with trioting and re-launching of the copper plate taps in 2021/11/09. It is expected that the process of high-end product layout will be advanced by maintaining an orderly pace of production.
Companies, as industry leaders, are expected to take the lead in making a profit. At the current stage of the industry’s overall inventory, there has been \triangleright digestion, and subsequent increases in the price of the caps are expected to wait for the industry’s reversal as the macro-environment improves.
The world’s leading copper-plate manufacturer, with a better product structure and stronger cost-control capabilities, should be more resilient. The company’s short-term performance is expected to be robust, focus on industry and corporate profitability indicators, and expect that, based on the company’s industry’s leading profile, product and production profile, the company will be able to reverse the industry’s timing rate.
Investment Recommendations: To draw conclusions from research that are independent, objective and accountable for the content and views of this report, taking into account the pressures on the demand of the copperboard industry, the corporate head position and the current product orientation, and to present an independent and objective version of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received them directly or indirectly for, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.