The 2022q3 industry continues to explore, and companies maintain high rates of start-up.
• The copper sheet industry continues to explore the bottom, leading producers highlight risk resistance and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Companies issued reports for the third quarter of 2022, yielding operating income of 13.38 billion yuan, yoy-11.1 per cent, and a net profit of 120 billion yuan, yoy-48.9 per cent, of which 2022q3 generated operating income of 4.30 billion yuan in the first quarter.
Business resilience, maintaining the "buy-in" rating. The weak demand for the kernel has led to a consistent fall in prices, and companies have adhered to their year-round goals of operating 2022q3 quarter Māori rate of 19.0 per cent, qoq-4.2pt, which produces a profit electronic quarter Māori rate.
The demand for electronics is weak, there is a lack of structural bright spots for use in disaggregated areas, such as servers, and there has been a steady fall in prices due to increased competition due to the successive expansions in the production capacity of in-house producers, which has become highly fragmented with the start-up rate between head producers and small- and medium-sized producers. Since August, industry stocks have returned to safe water as downstream customers continue to drop their stocks.
The company, as the industry’s leading copper-plate manufacturer, still has access to orders and maintenance of high start-up levels, with production capacity and automation efficiency optimization costs in the plant area, highlighting the company’s increased resilience to risk. Industry demand is at a grinding stage in the fourth quarter of the year, and the price of this round has fallen to a low level before the rise.
Ping, we expect the corporate profit-level ring to be robust. • Auto-researching and participation in setting industry standards, stepping up the industrial chain up and down, in the area of material innovation, the company’s high-end copper-plate material continues to break the overseas embargo, sealing materials,
2022H1 Slab Demand and Cost Compression, Public Led, Storage Chips, etc.
The company, as a front-end material company, provides more than 100 product models competing with industry counterparts, participates in the development of industry standards for 77ghz mm wave radar materials and intensifys upstream-downstream linkages.
Re-energizing growth - company updates - business resilience highlights - company updates