The Center for Resources and Environmental Research has a poor expectation of net profit at the bottom of the landscape, and we think that the market value of Stinger Pulse is being seriously underestimated. We need to mention, in particular, the depths that we released in 2019 when the market unanimously failed to appreciate the profits at the bottom of the refining.
Report Helium petrochemicals: If the 10 billion profit is just the bottom limit of profit? The basis for the calculation has been validated! 1. We estimate that the high growth in the performance of Helium petrochemicals in 2021-2023 will not be matched by a smooth cycle, even if the historical state of loss across the industry in 2020 is maintained.
The market currently has little expectation of a climate-neutral increase in profits from the global lead in significantly more low-cost refined downstream production (pta, polyesters, etc.) and largely high-value-added new degradable material production.
"Verification: 10 billion profit lines! - Helium petrochemicals 2, Helium petrochemicals in the process of building a global ultra-large degradable plastic project into a high-value-added, degradable “blue sea." 330,000 tons of pbat with autonomous intellectual property rights under the Helium petrochemical flag in 2020
The bottom drive was successful, with 900,000 tons of pbs/pbat production capacity, with a total capacity of 933,000 tons, with a net advance of over 10,000 yuan/tonne per ton. The global market for degradable plastics was projected to be $12.4 billion by 2027, cagr 15.17 per cent. The current capacity of pbat devices was 50 per cent per ton.
On the other hand, the planned post-partum capacity is expected to generate a net gain of more than 5 billion dollars for helium petrochemicals.3 The world’s leading strong alpha production is expected to lead to a significant growth in the helium petrochemical performance, which is partly unrelated to the climate, while the industry’s recovery is expected to generate a larger profit margin.
Sex. Profitable elastic multi-scenario calculations of the current planned production capacity and current production capacity at different scales (bottom of the climate, neutrality of the climate, and height of the climate) will allow the production of all planned production capacity, with a net profit of 25.5 billion yuan at the bottom of the hydrochemical atmosphere.
Don't expect to reach $396.6 billion and $58.92 billion. As global crude oil prices return to rationality, the negative impact of the new crown on the cost of terminal consumption will decrease, and beyond the industry alpha, which has a significant history of helium petrochemicals, it will also be expected to gain significant profit elasticity from the recovery of the industry’s climate.
We look forward to the sound integration advantages of Helium Pulsification and the significant excesses of technology, and we expect the company ' s net profit from 2020-2023 to be a modest one, with all available planned production capacity.
The last round of growth cycles of overseas petrochemical enterprises and the multipliers of major refining plates and Schen's chemical industry in recent years, the risk of a single, large-scale drop in crude oil, the risk of a serious deterioration in demand for textile clothing, the policy of 3. and the quota for foreign exports
Limiting the risks associated with the sale of finished oil 4. Geopolitical risk 5. Project construction and approval progress is not as fast as expected 6. The risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar 7. Technical overlaps result in a reduction in excess gains by 8. Other force majeure effects. Click here to enter text.
(1) The differential polyester longline, polyester membrane, industrial silk, etc. polyester project, 5 million tons of pta and a total of 900,000 tons of degradable pbs/bat projects are expected to be in operation. (2) The projected effects of the epidemic are only for the whole of 2020 and can be largely ignored for 2021, but
(3) Corporate polyester operations were affected by an overseas epidemic in 2020, with a squeeze on the pta-polyester chain, and the 2021 impact largely eliminated, but profit calculations continue to be based on the 2020 scenario, with our market-differentiated perspective.
The market consensus is that the central reason why the private major refining poles earn excess gains far beyond the industry is because the market misconstrued the tax (consumable taxes) or the 40-dollar floor price arbitrage of the DRC, including the second stage where helium petrochemicals require the same amount of money to achieve the bottom 25 billion.
The market is not fully aware that the current build-up capacity of Helium petrochemicals is sufficient to realize 25 billion viewes, and that there are currently more than 10 billion expectations. The excess revenue from the major private-refining champions is due to the cost advantage of far-reaching industries, where helium petrochemicals are used as a major private-refining leader.
First, the relative scarcity and barrier of its cost advantages, and hence the persistence of excess profits over a long period of time, has not yet been fully realized in the market that, as the industry cycle warms, the procyclicality will bring a clear profit elasticity to the force fossilization.
Although the price of oil fell significantly by $60 per barrel in 2020, there was an explosion in the profitability of stellar petrochemicals, mainly based on the cost advantage of the company ' s new construction projects well below that of the industry, and although affected by the epidemic, the company ' s crude oil-px-pta-polyester longline chain was characterized by weak downstream demand, low price differentials, and a micro-interested downstream product chain.
But the advantage of upstream refining-pta’s industrial chain has been apparent, pushing for helium petrochemicals to generate industry excess gains. We believe that the performance of private large-scale refining plates in the counter-cyclical phase has not yet been fully valued by the market, and that they are now in the procyclical early stages of the industry’s continued warming, continuing in 2021.
Leite is still highly variable, with ethylene devices and new production capacity of 5 million tons of pta in 2020 expected to contribute profit throughout the year 2021, adding up the warming of demand and the production of future advanced pta capacity.
Catalysing factors for rising stock prices The catalytic factors for rising stock prices in companies include, among other things, the following possible factors:
1. The marginal improvement of the global epidemic and the recovery of end demand; 2. Oil prices are rising and end demand is rising much more than oil prices: 35 million tons of pta capacity, long wire and industrial silk, membrane capacity and 900,000 tons of pbat/pbs are expected to be put into production; 4.
15.03.x/10.79x, even if the temperature is not warm, ethylene installations and 5 million tons of pta produce are expected to continue to grow as existing planning projects become operational and the earnings at the base of the hemolytic petrochemicals are expected to continue to grow.
To achieve significant excess gains, based on profit elasticity in the no-compassionate phase of Helium petrochemicals, the level of net helium petrochemicals is expected to exceed 25 billion in the case of all planned production capacity, the average market rate for 2016-2019 for the Great Refined plate, the market rate for the last round of growth cycles of the offshore petrochemical enterprises and the Schenzione Chemical Industries in recent years.
1. Risk of a large-scale decline in the market value of a single-way crude oil; 2. Risk for the sale of finished oil due to the deterioration of the demand for textile clothing; and the lack of progress in the construction and approval of project 5.
The expected significant fluctuation risk of the exchange rate of $6.0. Technological rotation results in an excess gain of 8.0. Other force majeure 1, a strong alpha 1.1 advanced installation process at the bottom of the landscape, and a significant after-effect advantage at the maximum scale.
Intergenerational advantages are advanced devices and processes. The three major private-sector projects for the integration of constant strength, zolpidem, and salivated vegetables were launched between 2019 and 2020, while traditional petrochemical projects were generally put into operation before 2004.
Other parts of Asia, such as Han Tai, have also generally entered early stages of refining, with private refining gaining an intergenerational advantage over plant water, leading to a significant reduction in demand for raw materials and combustion power. By 15-20 rates of refining, the large intergenerational cost advantage of private refining will remain at least 2035--
The size advantage of the near-ceiling level. The current domestic refining scale is less effective, with about 90% of real estate production being less than 5 million tonnes/year, and the average size of two barrels of oil refineries being less than 7 million tonnes/year, and a large gap with private large-scale refining of 20 million tonnes/year for individual projects, and 40 million tonnes/year for park regionalization projects.
When the equipment process is identical, scaling up the project will result in savings in the corresponding civil construction and installation costs and an increase in the use of raw materials and energy. As the 20 million tons of individual projects are essentially the maximum size of single-packages of integrated equipment at current technology levels, the likely advantage of private large-scale refining will be sustained over the long term.
The Refinement-Chemical Integration Project gives private large-scale refining enterprises the ability to in-depth adjust the structure of their products in order to earn a higher profit. Compared to the 60-70 per cent rate for two barrels of oil, the private refining-chemical integration project product design rate is between 40-50 per cent.
The combined hydrogenification and aromatic systems, which allow for the flexible restructuring of the product by private large-scale refining integration projects in different market environments, have produced about 10 million tons of refined oil per year from the 20 million tons refined integration projects in the Helium Company.
In fact, the production of helium petrochemical oil in the first three quarters of 2020 was only 2 million tons, followed by crude oil and finished oil tons, with an annualized rate of less than 15 per cent, compared to 16.53 million tons in the previous three quarters.
At the same time, the core factor in the rate of return for high-chemicals for hemorrhaging petrochemicals is the boiling process for hemorrhoid petrochemicals, which are fully hydrogenated, and the boiling-bed process for hemorrhoid petrochemicals, which is evident from the current domestic fixed-bed hydrogen process.
The increase in the hallucinogenic capacity of the slag oils has enabled the boiling-bed process to transform the slag oils to a greater extent into hydrogen wax oils/heavy oils up to 538 degrees of distillation, allowing further processing into high-value-added light oils, and to a large extent solving the problem of heavy oil not being depleted.
The constant boiling bed plus hydrogen is at 85% to 90%. By the way, 6 million tonnes of boiling bed oil plus hydrogen unit feed, and eventually only 640,000 tonnes of heavy asphalt and a small amount of dry gas for low-value-added products, all of which have been converted into light oil, wax oil and hydrogen tail oil.
In addition to the higher-value-added ii lubricant and light oils produced by further hydrogen fission or fine-suggested products, the helithylene-ethylene device has a clear advantage: (1) the helithylene-ethylene device is a national leader in the 1.5 million tonnes/year ethylene device.
Modelled at 1.2 million tonnes/year, typically 800,000 tonnes/year; significant advantage in the size of the Styrex device. (2) Stereoethylene corresponds to the industry ' s tendency to lighten the raw material, with the main indicators leading in the domestic steam fission device against the petrochemical substrate ' s best ethylene device.
Carbon five carbon six, lpg, light stone oil and light hydrocarbons recovered from dry gas, with an ethylene rate of 48 per cent and a high attachment rate of 66.4 per cent (not taking into account the output of fracked gasoline benzene). The indicator shows a clear advantage over the existing Chinese petrochemical device.
The ethylene intake rate of 36.67% and the high yield rate of 62.37% in the town seas are clear leaders. The ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene feedstock device is first in size in the country. The sd process (sd, shell) of the three core processes using ethyl ethylene feedstocks is used for the production of ethyl ethylene ethylene ethylene.
uccc accounts for more than 95% of all processes. Together with the advantages of size and industry, we find that ethylene devices have a significant competitive advantage in ethanol devices for ethylene feedstocks. 1.2 The size and technical advantages of the constant px devices construct the px cost barrier.
With more than 10 million tons of new domestic capacity, the world’s px supply and demand pattern has changed.
More than the sum of the rest of the polyester chain. Since 2019, with a large number of refining integration items on schedule, the domestic supply of px has grown explosively, with more than 10 million tonnes of additional capacity (including direct shipment of the Brunei refining project) per year, an increase of about 50%.
Acp (the Asian contract price) was the main benchmark for Asia’s px price, which was announced by Japanese and Korean sellers next month, and the main buyer undertook a repayment exercise. If two of the above acp prices are agreed, the acp is announced. However, since 2019, the acp price has been achieved only three times, and in 2020, only three times.
In January-October, acp prices fell all over again. This is a sign that Japan’s production capacity has effectively lost the price of px. By dissecting China’s production, consumption and import data, we find that China still has a high import dependence on overseas px. By 2019, China’s import dependence on px remained at 50%.
The above, although since 2019 a large number of national projects for refining integration have been on schedule, the domestic supply of px has increased in an explosive manner, with more than 10 million tonnes of additional capacity (including direct shipment of the Brunei refining project) per year, but the demand for px continues to rise as a result of the continued production of new pta downstream, and is currently in the case of px.
China continues to be highly dependent on the outside world, but the introduction of refining integration has contributed to the acceleration of px national production. As domestic px continues to build capacity for pta production at a high degree of dependency and private-smelting taps abroad, there is probably no excess capacity at the domestic px rate in the medium term.
In addition to this, in the broader context of the expansion of the country ' s pta giants into upstream operations to achieve integrated production of refined oil-px-pta-poly esters, the desire of the main traditional purchasers of px (China) to outsource px will continue to decline, while traditional sellers such as Japan and Korea insist on a higher profile, especially since July.
The difference between the current price of $640/ton and the original price of $2,300-2400 reflects the cost of cash processing of Korean production capacity. Under this price, the short-flow project will be the only option for the short-flow project to stop the replacement product and the long-flow project will be the same.
Selecting to adjust the profits of the oil. Taking into account depreciation, Japan’s small-scale production capacity is in a state of loss and has become an important asset for buyers to be able to deliver low prices on a continuous basis, even in the current extreme circumstances, where the private industry’s refining px chain has a significant cost advantage over the Japanese-Korean enterprise at four levels, bringing the total.
In contrast to Japan’s short-flow enterprises, large refining can generate processing profits from crude oil to limestone oil. The five-year average price difference is compared to the one-ton crude oil to stone oil.
The Japan-Korean process company will withdraw at a px price at a cash cost + (200~250). When the profit from the exchange of oil is equal to the px, the Japanese-Korean capital will fall at the px's expected price.
The company will phase out its non-self-utilized px export capacity. Under the circumstances of 100 yuan per ton of gasoline and mx:px=2~2.5:1, Japan’s px gains 200–250 yuan per ton, Japan’s backward production capacity will begin to phase out the px and increase gasoline output.
The large-scale px device has a significant size advantage over the Japanese-Korean px device. In the economics of the 5 million tonnes/year refinery (a combination of 1.5 million tonnes of recombinant and 600,000 tonnes of px) and the 21 million tonnes of petrochemical (a combination of 24.5 million tonnes of recombinant and 22 million tonnes of px), we will only consider the rules.
Largely refined px has a clear tax and transport cost advantage over Japanese products. The North Korean px pays 2% of customs duties, port storage costs, and freight costs of about $20 (including insurance costs).
Based on the px central price of $5,400/ton since the major refining batch in 19 years, a total of $294 was saved by $108 per ton per px customs tax, plus $50 for port loading charges and $136 for freight charges.
As a result of early withdrawal, the current Japanese and Korean small-scale process capacity is generally synchronized. The Helium petrochemical integration phase now has 4.5 million tons of px capacity, with only the px chain in the industry at the expense of the water balance in comparison with overseas production capacity at $882-932 per ton.
In general, there are still close to $4 billion-42 billion in excess profits. 1.3 The advanced pta plant industry has made significant gains, and the pta industry is undergoing large-scale shuffling, and the concentration of the industry will increase further.
Accumulating, the industry is losing a lot of money. The underlying reason for this is that, compared to the previous period of high-volume inventory and low-price differentials, we find that this is happening at the same time that the advanced production capacity is on the line and that the lagging capacity has not yet been withdrawn, and that the pta production capacity is overstretched by the market. At the same time, the leading industry is advanced.
With sustained investment of productive capacity, 22.9 million tonnes/year of advanced capacity in the construction of pta, and at current extremes and possible future low-windows, large-scale pipelines can maintain a better profitability and build solid lines of risk resistance with the benefits of advanced equipment processes and scale benefits.
Barriers to industry. Their competitors’ backward capacity and lack of upstream and downstream accompaniment capacity will gradually stop and lose market value. Industry concentration will increase further. With the withdrawal of backward capacity, the industry’s supply-demand relationship will be gradually improved, and the profits of the chain are expected to rise steadily as the capacity rises.
pta advanced equipment with process cost advantages of over $700 per tonne. Unlike px, where cost advantages are largely based on scale, the pta equipment process has an all-time significant cost advantage that stimulates the enterprise to invest in advanced capacity. We measure that the latest equipment, process and pta devices (water 2018) are used.
The full cost is $281 per ton lower than the average device (2010 level), and $758 per ton lower than the backward, old device (2008 level), with a significant cost advantage. We believe that this shuffling is likely to lead to a large percentage phase-out of production capacity before 2012.
Statistics for mid-2019 show that the country has about 14.9 million tonnes/year of backward capacity, which is considered only for parking when the price of the product equals the cost of cash (excluding depreciation amortization), while the production is still profitable. However, since September 2019, even if the depreciation amortization is not taken into account, 2012 is the year 2012
The previously built-up production capacity has also been at a loss. At present, the country has 23 million tons or more of advanced pta capacity, which, based on 90% compliance, is sufficient to replace the production capacity.
Helium petrochemicals now have 6.6 million tons (3*2.2 million tons of pta production line) sub-plants, 5 million tons of new installations in 2019-2020 (2*2.5 million tons of pta-4, pta-5 production line) and an announcement in October 2020 to invest 5 million tons of pta production capacity, as compared with new production without taking into account new production capacity
Prior to 2012, the installation had overprofits of nearly $2.7 billion for the Helium petrochemical pta sector, and with the new pta production, the expected gains from helium petrochemical excess are expected to reach $4.7 billion. 1.4 The polyester sector has increased its concentration, and differentiated products are expected to become a new growth point in performance.
Compared to the px and pta industries, which are in the process of deep shuffling, the elixir industry has been largely upgraded, leading firms have continued to become more competitive, accounting for 60% of the country’s total production capacity.Cr6 production capacity is currently disclosed that all of the new production capacity comes from the head business, and with the major smelting taps.
With the expansion of the second phase of the project, the cost advantages of the head enterprise materials will continue to be magnified, together with the positive advantages of scale, and the polyester long silk industry has built up high industrial barriers and will become more difficult to shake. High concentration gives rise to high bargaining power.
The high concentration of industry has enabled it to take more effective measures to safeguard its own interests. Using Poy as an indicator of progress, this February-March of this year, under the influence of the spring season and the epidemic, the stock of long silk rose to 31 days, returning to a central level of about 15 days with the rapid control of the epidemic in the country.
According to the Mid-Fibre Network, the mainstream plant has information about production-limits insurance initiatives. The limited production + stock has been effective in safeguarding the profit level of the company, and more so in avoiding further price declines.
The atmosphere is low, but due to the rigidity of demand, the increase in medium- and long-term demand is more certain. As the domestic economic situation improves and domestic demand recovers, so will the need for long silk downstream in the industrial chain.
Poy: Enterprises that also produce poy long wires can vary in size, efficiency and equipment consumption by about $100-200 per ton.
Driving, or also power-motivated, energy consumption is the main cost, with a cost savings of $150-250 per tonne if the air pressure is not used or if the plant has its own power plant. dty: pey-dty links are integrated by firms that purchase extra-poy for ballistic processes.
Because its power consumption/packaging ratio reaches about 40% of the non-material cost of processing dty, savings can be achieved through the installation of a public engineering system (self-equipped power plant/steam) and self-produced packaging materials (including paper tubes, foamboards, paper boxes, wooden racks, etc.) at a cost of approximately $150-250/tonne.
The cost savings, including speed, electricity, single-stage efficiency, etc., are 150-1,000 yuan per ton depending on the long-wire type. Helium petrochemicals currently produce more than 3 million tons of polyester, of which about 1.75 million tons are used for long wire production, and 1.45 million tons are still being built for long-wire production, expected to be produced in 2021 and beyond. Helium petrochemicals present.
With polyester production capacity exceeding 2.1 billion yuan, the excess is expected to reach 2.86 billion after delivery of planned production capacity. 1.5 Policy advantages and the advantages of the integration package are evident.
In view of the shift in global crude-oil supply and demand logic, we believe that the future oil price hub is more likely to be between US$ 45-55 per barrel, and that excess domestic refining capacity has further reduced the profit margin of the refining chain.
However, even with the most conservative expectation that the industry will maintain the bottom of the landscape for some time to come, we find that private major refining companies still have the advantage of achieving significant excess gains in the refining process: self-financing for public engineering and by-product recovery.
There is also a great advantage in the cost of grid access from a larger industry than 0.52 yuan/degree. Moreover, the introduction of systems such as dry gas recovery, residual heat reuse, etc., on a sufficient scale of support, further enhances the economics of the project.
The high-value-added component of the dry gas of the refined oil is fully recovered by solid petrochemicals, where ethane propane is used as a feedstock for the ethylene device, which can yield a higher rate of biene.
Device recovery for catalytic fission/focal dry gas, usually used; shallow cold oil absorption process in North Institute, deep cold oil absorption technique in Rums/Desinib, or transform adsorption process.
High; for other dry gases, directly as fuel gas, ethylpropane is not recovered, while constant use of the French technip technique, which uses deep cold oil absorption processes, recovers ethane/propane from the dry gas of all the refineries as a raw material for the ethylene device on the one hand.
Main trends in lightening the raw material of the former ethylene device; on the other hand, the use of high value added ethylene, acrylic, ethane and propane in the dry gas of the refinery was fully utilized.
The new record of the plant ' s dry gas recovery facility is about 500,000 tonnes/year of ethane and 240,000 tonnes/year of propane, capable of producing about 600,000 tonnes/year of ethylene/propylene products. The largest recycling facility in the country was the 230,000 tonnes/year dry gas recovery facility for ethylene in China and China.
Price of ethylpropane, producing high-value-added HFO products in HFA installations. 1.1 million tons of dry gas recovery units, 492,000 tons of ethane recovered annually from the dry gas from the plant, and 215,000 tons of lpg.
509,000 tonnes of carbon are used as raw material for the ethylene device. The refinery dry gas is about $1,300 per ton of petrochemicals at $55, increasing the processing cost of dry gas recovery plants by $200 per ton, and the cost of ethane is no more than $1,700. The cost of imported ethane in the United States is $90 per ton per ton + Montbelvib.
The price of the alkanes is 26.5 cents/mmbtu. The price of the c.i.c. is 2400 cents per ton. One ton of ethane is saved at about $800, and the price of lpg/carbons is higher than $2,000 per ton. The total savings are about $1.05 billion.
Based on the annual consumption of 4.3 billion degrees of electricity at the refinery, the combined annual cost of electricity is about $1.05 billion at a cost differential of 0.28 yuan/degree per self-contained power plant and 0.52 million yuan/degree per year for the Liaoning large industry.
Integration cost advantages. The highly integrated properties of large-scale refining enterprises, both upstream and downstream, allow upstream products to be supplied for downstream use, reducing transport and storage costs.
To support it, it is estimated that there will be savings of about $20 per ton. Industry structure advantages. Greater refining than traditional major refineries and local refineries, with more chemical capacity, allows for greater flexibility in the project as a whole and more profitability in production when oil prices rise.
More stable finished oil products, which, when oil prices fall, can profit from the production of more chemicals through processes such as hydrogenification, thereby optimizing product composition between different oil price zones, resisting the risk of price volatility of single-type products, mutually supporting finished oil-chemical products and safeguarding the overall profitability of the project.
Policy preferences. Compared to conventional refining, large-scale refining has become a local and even national 2-to-large-high-value-added deep-process project that opens up future growth space for a total of 933,000 tonnes of degradable plastics pbs/pbat with autonomous intellectual property rights.
The project was a breakthrough, while the Great Refinement Phase was a lucrative project, deep-farming research and development was developed to further expand the chain of high-value-added chemical industries, laying the foundation for high-growth in the future and taking a critical step from being large to being strong. Degradable bag consumption was about 500,000 tons in 2019, accounting for global consumption of degradable plastics.
59% of the volume is the world's leading consumer market for degradable plastics, but for the global plastic packaging market, where nearly 100 million tons of plastic are consumed a year, only about 0.5% of plastics are degradable.
The current supply of and demand for degradable plastics present a serious supply and demand deficit, with a single ton net gain exceeding 10,000 yuan per ton based on current cost and price estimates in the case of the persistent petrochemical pbs/pbat project. With increasing global white pollution, several countries around the world have introduced limits and restraining orders, according to statistics.
The Sixth Amendment Act to the Packaging and Packaging Waste Directive, enacted in 2001, requires member States to take measures to ensure that no more than 40 light plastic bags per capita are available as of 31 December, and further states in the 2019 Directive on Reducing the Environmental Impact of Certain Plastic Products that 10 plastic dishes, plastic cotton seals, straws, etc.
Sub-plastic products will be banned in 2021. Africa is one of the most heavily banned regions in the world. By June 2019, 34 out of 55 countries in Africa had enacted decrees prohibiting or taxing the use of plastic bags once.
The Circulation Strategy, which proposes the reduction of plastics, increased recycling of plastics and increased use of renewable materials and bio-based plastics, and sets a timetable for their regeneration by 2030, while China has also introduced a “restriction order” in January and July 2020.
Other sectors put forward the Opinions on Further Strengthening the Control of Pollution by Plastics and the Circular on Solid Propulsion of Pollution by Plastics, to further promote the exit of non-degradable plastics, the demand for degradable plastics means the presence of non-degradable plastics in nature or under certain conditions, such as soil, sand, etc.
Bio-degradable plastics are mainly plastics processed from natural materials, and representative products are pla.pha. Oil-based degradable plastics refer to chemically synthesised plastics.
Plastics, such as pbat, pbs, etc., from which raw materials from natural materials, such as pla, are usually corn, where 2.39 tons of maize can produce 1 ton of pla, and where global maize production is generally limited to a certain extent, which limits the growth of pla production, so that usually pbats, etc., are the basis of oil.
Degradable plastics have a more obvious potential for ultra-large-scale production. Global production and use of degradable plastics are currently relatively low, with global degradation capacity of approximately 1227,000 tons as of 2020, with global restrictions on plastics and the progressive use of non-degradable plastics.
In terms of production, global bio-based plastic production is currently concentrated in the Asian market, which accounts for 46% of global production, while Europe and America account for 26% and 17% of bio-based plastic production, respectively.
By 2020, the global market ' s bio-based plastic production capacity stood at approximately 2.11 million tons, of which 58.1 per cent produced degradable plastics, with primary products pbat, plata and starch plastics accounting for 13.5 per cent, 18.7 per cent and 18.7 per cent of global capacity, respectively.
Figure 16: Global distribution of production capacity of bio-based plastic products (%), in terms of demand, the European market is the world ' s largest consumer of bio-based plastics, accounting for 55% of global market consumption of biodegradable plastics.
The global market for degradable plastics is expected to grow rapidly, and more countries are promoting the use of degradable plastics, which have multiple use scenarios that can be used in traditional packaging areas such as food packaging, shopping bags, freshly protected film and agricultural landlines, while also being used in catering appliances to replace one.
Non-degradable knife forks, lunchboxes, straws, medical fields such as masks, sanitary supplies, and urinary non-wetting, etc., will require a huge amount of space in the future from the consumption scene. Figure 18: Global market for bio-based plastic consumption in 2020 (58% of which are degradable plastics)
In 2019, the consumption of degradable bags was about 500,000 tons, or 59 per cent of global consumption of degradable plastics, and was the world ' s leading consumer market for degradable plastics, but for the global plastic packaging market, the annual consumption of plastics was nearly 100 million tons, with only about 0.5 per cent penetration of degradable plastics, in which case,
In addition to the significant permeable growth space for degradable plastics associated with the increasingly tight global management of white pollution, agricultural membranes are one of the major consumer markets for future degradable plastics, as reported in Basf 2019, which is expected to consume 1 million tonnes/year of degradable plastics on the European market worldwide.
The market demand for degraded plastics is expected to reach 2 million tons. At the same time, with the rise of the electricity market and the take-out market, the consumption of plastic packaging products is increasing in couriers and take-out, but most plastic bags and protective fillings are currently used in Chinese couriers.
Even with the use of renewable plastics, the actual recycling and recycling of packagings and plastics are rare, only foam boxes have a recovery rate of about 70-80 per cent, and even in cities such as Shanghai, where thong classification is used, only paper boxes and foams are classified as recyclable and the rest of the express garbage is considered dry.
Garbage does not enter the official recycling system, and because low value is not collected by scavengers into the non-official recycling system, i.e., either waste is classified or not, the fast-delivering plastic waste cannot be effectively recycled for reuse. On the basis of the increasing use of express plastics and its non-reusable use, China released it in 2020.
The Opinion on Further Strengthening the Control of Plastic Pollution proposes to ban the use of non-degradable plastic bags, plastic tape, one-time plastic woven bags and other non-degradable plastic products at the national postal delivery point in 2025, while at the same time, by 2025, non-degradability in the area of catering in cities above the ground level
On the basis of a 30% reduction in the intensity of secondary plasticware consumption, it is expected that by 2025 in China alone, the export and delivery markets will be expected to increase the demand for degradable plastics by 5 million tonnes/year. As global consumption of non-degradable plastics is expected to tighten gradually, there is global demand for degradable plastics.
At the same time, the United States leads the North American market for degradable plastics, referring to the u.s. plastics convention, which proposes 100% reuse of all plastic packagings by 2025.
Recoverable or degradable, with 50 per cent of plastic packaging effectively recycled or degraded in 2025, and driven by this objective, the penetration of degradable plastics in a new non-degradable plastic market in North America is expected to increase gradually, so that the degradable market in North America is expected to maintain 14 per cent of the year in 2019-2027.
During the election campaign, the Democratic Party announced its commitment to climate change, the development of a clean energy economy, and ensuring “environmental justice.” The return of the Democratic Party to power in the United States will help reduce white pollution, contribute to reducing the use of one-time non-degradable plastics and promote a drop in North America.
The expansion of the market for decompressable plastics in North America by increasing the penetration rate of decomposable plastics.
With the construction plan, the new materials under the Helium petrochemical flag and the Xinjiang Xinjing Dragon are expected to become the largest pbat production company in the country, with most of the other projects focused on below 150,000 tons of individual production, and the more obvious scale effects of petrochemicals, while at the same time pbat is currently the main producer.
Combination of pbat by direct lipochemical method, mainly based on adipic acids (aa), benzodiacetic acids (pta), butadiols (bdo), which is dependent on the helithonic petrochemical integration project, as a result of the persistence of the largest pta equity in the world, compared to other productions and devices.
There is a more visible all-industry-chain advantage in the product. Reference is made to the CFCE assumptions for pbat costs and Māori: 1, pbat with a tax sales price of $220/t and a value added tax rate of 13%, excluding tax sales prices.
(b) 2 pbat raw materials at a non-tax neutral price of approximately 9,300 kyats/t, adipic acid of approximately 7700 kt and pta of approximately 4,800 kt;
3 pbat staff quota of 50, assuming an employee ' s salary of 100,000 yuan; 4 pbat project investments of 136 million yuan, assuming depreciation for 15 years, residual value of 3 per cent, and single-ton depreciation at a cost of approximately 266.5 yuan.
Pbat currently has relatively high technical barriers, relatively few nationally owned autonomous R & D enterprises for industrialization, partly using the Basque process or authorized by the Central Science and Technology Institute, and the current prices of pbat are sustained at around $22,000-25000, with a significant increase in the demand for degradable plastics and an overall upward trend in product prices.
Based on the 330,000 tonnes project at Camp Kang Hui, the cost of splitting the current pbat Māori can reach around ten thousand yuan, 45-55% Māori, large production capacity into the market in the short and medium term, short-term product profitability, but due to domestic demand for degradable plastics and the foreign market for degradable plastics.
Demand is expected to increase year by year, and pbat Māori levels are expected to remain relatively high. Refer to public data from the Pbat planning launch facility for the same period, Xinjiang Jinlong 100,000 tonnes/year, Xinjiang 60,000 tonnes/year of new material (Basfa package) fully cost $9450 and Pbat devices for the same period, respectively
A total cost of $10580 per ton is slightly higher than the cost of the existing 330,000 tonnes/year device at Confoil, which is expected to be further reduced by the completion of the large-scale degradable plastics device, and by the accumulation of the congested pta capacity, which is expected to lead to a further reduction in the full cost of production capacity.
After the delivery of the planned pbat/pbs project, helium petrochemicals will have 9.33 million tons of degradable plastics, and the market for degradable plastics is expected to become the next “blue sea”, based on a conservative estimate of the current 1 ton of MK$ 10070/t, with the present force petrochemicals.
Planning projects are expected to bring about a 9 billion Māori increase, a 15 per cent tax rate for the company as a high-tech company, and a planning of a degradation plastic production project, which will bring about nearly $7.7 billion in solid fossilization,3 and a high degree of profit elasticity in the recovery of the industry.
The profits of the chain of large refining industries are highly influenced by end demand, rather than oil prices, and the market has been misled. The historical extremes of 2020 (historical excess supply, historical extreme demand, etc.) have proven the far-off profitability of the big refining poles.
The trend in the physical plus total profit volatility of the ester industry chain and the trend in global crude oil spot prices is more evident in the limited actual correlation between the profits of the crude oil-polyester industry chain and the fluctuations in crude oil prices, rather than in the market’s view that the rise in the price of oil benefits the profits of the chain. The trend in the profits of the whole industry chain is not significantly related to the trend in crude oil.
Because the main factors influencing the profits of the crude oil-polyester industrial chain are price differentials between end and downstream products and upstream raw materials (oil), while price differentials are more pronounced when disturbed by supply and demand, there is a clear difference from market perceptions that crude oil price fluctuations are more strongly correlated with private refining profits.
The most obvious recent crude oil price and the full-chain profit deviation phases were 2011-2014 and May 2020 and December 2020, respectively, where oil prices remained largely around 100+ in the base stages of the last round of the crude oil-polyester chain, but the crude oil-polyester chain profits showed a significant downward trend.
The central reason for this is that during this time period, a significant increase in the domestic production of polyesters and a substantial increase in the supply to reduce the price difference between the polyester products and the polyester chain led to a significant decline in profits in the crude oil-polyester chain between these zones, whereas in the second half of 2020 crude oil prices gradually recovered from extreme prices to over $40, but the original
On the contrary, profits in the oil-polyester chain have shifted from below and above the profit-and-loss balance line, and the crude oil-polycerine chain losses have gradually increased as oil prices rose in the previous three quarters. The central cause of the loss is the negative impact of the global epidemic, and the end-polyester consumption climate has continued to decline, although the rise in crude oil prices has led to the sale of downstream products.
Prices, however, have suffered losses due to low end demand, recovery of lower downstream product prices than crude oil, narrow inter-product prices, and widening profit losses due to the continued rise in crude oil prices across the entire industry chain. We would like to stress in particular that in 2020 single-ton crude oil-polyester chain profits were added to total profits.
The average was $525, and the central factor in the profits of this extreme bottom industrial chain was the narrow inter-chain price differential caused by the demand for downstream products, rather than the volatility of crude oil prices, a view that the volatility of marketed crude oil prices led to a marked variation in the overall chain profit.
The net profits of the private major refining plates vary significantly from scenario to scenario, with optimistic scenarios opting for the September 2018 high-temperature link profit plus total of approximately $4,183/t; neutral scenarios choosing the hub of the 2006-2019 chain plus total profit, approximately $2298/t; and the maximum scenario being used
The monthly profits plus the overall average for 2020 are about $525 per tonne. At present, there is a total difference between profits at the bottom of the extreme and those at the neutral scenario level alone, which is close to $2,800 per tonne, and profits at the bottom and those at the height of the extreme scenario, which is more than $4,700.
At the same time, we would like to emphasize that, in 2020, in the case of the extreme bottom of the industry, the net profit from the first three quarters of the Heliumstone return to the mother amounted to $9,896 million, an increase of 45.16 per cent over the same period.
The negative impact of crowns on polyester end consumption has continued to diminish, and stellar petrochemicals are expected to gain significant profit elasticity along with industry overprofit alpha, and significant profit elasticity is expected in the future crude oil-polyester industry, due to the total average profit added to the industry chain at the bottom of the extreme climate in 2020 at $525/t.
Here, we need to say in particular that the volatility of oil prices has more to do with changes in the current value of an enterprise’s inventory than with the demand for an industrial chain end. The rise in oil prices has led to an appreciation of the current stock, and the fall in oil prices has led to a fall in the current price of the stock. Oil price fluctuations themselves do not affect the profits of the product chain.
Prices continued to fall after the March Occ+ conference failed to agree on a reduction in production, adding to the severe negative impact of the new global crown epidemic on global energy consumption demand, and extreme bottom prices for crude oil globally, while the industry was resounding due to a combination of crude oil prices and global end-use demand, chemical prices were depressed.
At the bottom of historical extremes, but in 2021 crude oil prices are expected to remain at a time when the oec+ is expected to sustain a high level of decline in production for a global balance of energy supply and demand and a new global crown vaccine is expected to spread on a large scale.
End-of-end consumption is expected to pick up, refining and polyesters are expected to regurgitate or gradually regurgitate, and there is a strong alpha ratio at the bottom of the gas industry to industry beta, further pushing industry-related business performance.
Compared to the previous period, there has been a marked upturn in the base, and the current national volume of fabric trading is continuing to warm, to some extent suggesting a sustained recovery in global end consumption, a sustained upturn in the textile-polyester industry, and a gradual upturn in the profit climate along the chain.
Reference to Helium petrochemical commissioning and planned production capacity, Helium petroethylene installation, pta-4/55, 200,000 tons of industrial longlines, 200,000 tons of variable longlines and 330,000 tons of pbat in 2020, some of which did not contribute full-year returns by 2020, considering only the annual profits from the 2020 start-up project, 2021
At the same time, with reference to the persistent petrochemical bulletin and the epoch, the helithonic petrochemicals currently plan 5 million tons of pta, 900,000 tons of camp entrances, Confue pbs/pbat, 1.4 million tons of lasagna and 186,000 tons of polyester membrane projects, it is expected that this will lead to an increase of more than 20%.
The planning project is expected to be gradually operational by 2021-2023, with the industry continuing to maintain the bottom of the landscape without considering the return of potential tax revenues from Helium petrochemicals, and Helium's net profits are also expected to grow by 100 per cent over the next three years, to around $25 billion, if the industry is looking forward.
With a low and gradual rise in gas, helium petrochemical net gains are expected to reach about 40 billion, with only a moderate industry climate. So helium petrochemical vibrancy is expected to achieve very significant growth and performance elasticity in the future.
Rhesilization is used to calculate multi-situation gains: 1,px-pta-polyesters are calculated using the industry ' s non-profit excess gain as the base of the landscape.
The px-pta-polyester industrial chain hub adopted the 2006-2019 full-range profit hub, with a 25% corporate income tax rate (excluding tax return) applied to its 3rd, hemodynamic fibres, hydrochemical fibres, new permanent materials, and the conversion of Confengine petrochemicals into high-technology enterprises, with an income tax of 15%.
With a profit elastic calculation of stellar petrochemicals at the center of the landscape, the height of the landscape, and the bottom of the landscape, where the current production capacity of sulfurite petrochemicals is still more than 10 billion net gains at the bottom of the landscape, the textile and clothing end consumption is expected to return to warmness with the massive spread of vaccines and the recovery of global consumption.
Long lines of travel, a slower pace of industrial activity in the confluence of the refining industry, and the prospect of a change in the industry's atmosphere from a reverse to a procyclical, while, at the same time, even if the industry continues to have a low climate, relying on the constant petrochemicalization of existing construction projects, through the splitting of different links, assuming that the industry will continue to maintain the bottom of the climate, first, in the process of refining one.
In the chemical chain, Helium petrochemicals had 20 million tons of integrated production capacity and 1.5 million tons of ethylene devices, of which the Helium petrochemical integration project was fully operational in the second half of 2019 and made a profit throughout 2020, but the ethylene device came into production in July 2020 and contributed only about five months of profits throughout 2020.
In calculating the profits at the bottom of the Helium Fossilization I project, the profit at the bottom of the ethylene installation was increased by about seven months, and the profit at the bottom of the Helium Fossil Integration project was increased to $13.24 billion.
The new project is expected to generate more than 2 billion dollars in profit growth for Helium petrochemicals. At the same time, the 330,000 tons of pbat production could be successfully driven by the end of December 2020, and it is expected that the new project will generate more than 2 billion dollars in profits than the old production capacity.
In mid-January and early February 2021, 600,000 tons and 300,000 tons of pbat/pbs capacity were signed, respectively, in reference to the PfP environmental evaluation, and under the conservative pbat single-ton sales price (including taxes) of $220/tons, the pbat is expected to generate revenues of up to $10070/ton, and with the “restriction order” from 2021 onwards.
In implementation, the demand for degradable plastics continues to be strong, and the market price for pbat is now over $26,000 per tonne, and the real one-ton gain is expected to increase significantly. Assuming that a single-ton degradable plastic is maintained at $10,000 per ton, a new 900,000 tons production capacity is expected to increase by nearly 9 billion.
At the same time, helium petrochemicals still have nearly 1.4 million tons of polyester longlines and 186,000 tons of membrane production potential, which, while maintaining the extremes of the industry, is expected to add to the helium petrochemicals7 so that, given the existing planning projects for helium petrochemicals alone, the future pre-tax profits are expected to reach 316,500 million.
At the present time, under the condition of the Helium petrochemical bulletin, where the helium-based fibres, the hydrochemical fibres, the new materials of Helium, the Quantified Stones are converted into high-tech enterprises with 15 per cent of corporate income tax and 25 per cent of corporate income tax for the Helium Fossil and Chemical Project (pta), helium petrochemicals are now fully profitable at the bottom of the extreme landscape.
At the same time, the Helium Smelter Integration Project has a “Four-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five” tax benefit, i.e., the local retention portion of the value added tax and enterprise income tax on the refining of the integration project is returned in full four years and then in half in six years, usually in the form of first-increment and later return.
Income tax, tax return at the bottom of the Helium Fossil Climate (all 40 per cent of local retention) is expected to reach $1.6 billion (not taking into account the petropta capacity of Hue State).
Due to the high level of industry certainty at the bottom of the Helium petrification Project Phase I, the net profit from the Helium Fossilization Project increased significantly during the first half of the year and the third quarter of the epidemic, with net profit from the previous three quarters amounting to $9,896 million, or 45.16 per cent more than the same period. Helium Fosssilization still stands at 5 million tons of pta, 1.4 million tons of silk and 900,000 tons of pbat.
This growth is not subject to fluctuations in the industry ' s climate and does not include the pull of a potential two-phase project on the performance of the Division, maintaining the 2020 bottom of the landscape to measure the performance of the Helium Fossilization, which is expected to grow into a long-term historical market gain for the company from 2016 to 2018.
The company expects the market value to be 20 times the net profit of 2023, and we've selected three private refining companies to value the price of Helium petrochemicals. Glory petrochemicals, salivated petrochemicals, are all private refining-polyester integration enterprises, whose direction of development and main business is similar to helium petrochemicals, while the Krycon shares
As the global epidemic is under control, the entire refining-polymer chain is expected to continue warming, taking into account the excess gains from the location of the Helium Pulsification Integration Project and its attendant advantages.
The layout of the plastic decomposition and petrochemical projects in Huezhou. The helium petrochemical profit rises in space with a high degree of certainty and promise to outperform the valuation of large offshore petrochemical enterprises in the course of the last cycle of growth, which, in the course of the 1995-2000 growth cycle, had an average of 18.5-38 times the city ' s rate of gain, and, in the case of large offshore petrochemical enterprises, the average value of pe fluctuated between 18.5-38 times the city ' s rate of gain.
In the case of conservative 20-fold valuation of stifling petrochemicals, which is expected to yield a net gain of 25.12 billion yuan at the bottom of the landscape, and a market value of 50.24 billion yuan at the firm's market value, we use the second-stage cash flow method to value the company, as a result of stacil petrochemical integration.
While the first phase of the project was largely completed and cash flows improved slightly in 2020, significant capital expenditure is still needed to boost the construction of planned projects, and the level of free cash flows to companies is likely to remain under pressure in the medium term, but the performance of free cash flows is expected to continue to improve once the existing plan is in place.
Liquidated cash flows involve a number of parameter assumptions, of which the current risk-free rate is based on the ten-year median debt rate and the market risk premium is based on the difference between the average annual rate of return of the past five years, at a depth of 300, and the no-risk rate, at about 2.15 per cent.
In addition to the fact that multiple project planning still requires significant capital expenditure and that the overall debt share will be maintained at a high level, and that the long-term debt share is expected to decline gradually as the planning line continues, assuming that the target debt ratio for steroidization is about 1.04 per cent, on the basis of which the steroidized wacc is about 4.81 per cent.
On the basis of the future or gradual withdrawal of fuel trucks from the market as a result of the global demand for energy-saving reductions, consumer demand for finished oils may have a significant negative effect on the profits of the refineries, but at the same time there is a more pronounced trend towards deeper processing of persistent petrochemical products, on the basis of which the conservative assumption is 1 per cent.
1. Crude oil is the raw material of constant petrochemicals, and corporate profits are subject to significant exchange rate prices between crude oil prices and the United States dollar (1) The global demand for crude oil is subject to higher expectations (including, but not limited to, significant growth or slippage in the global economy), major breakthroughs in the new energy sector, rapid substitution of fossilized energy sources resulting in lower demand for oil, and the climate
Changes result in significant changes in crude oil demand, etc.) (2) higher than expected changes in global crude oil supply (including, but not limited to, accelerated or delayed project implementation, controlled production by oil-producing countries, etc.) (3) geopolitical events (including but not limited to disruptions in crude oil supply as a result of emergencies, or high levels of crude oil supply as a result of emergencies)
A large-scale single-way decline in crude oil prices would account for significant stock losses and a stronger correlation between the price of refined industrial chain products and crude oil prices, and a single-way decline in crude oil prices would have a high probability of affecting the level of corporate profitability. The US dollar’s exchange rate risk implied the following risks.
Crude oil purchases use the United States dollar, while revenue-side settlements are dominated by the renminbi, and daily operations require the purchase of the dollar, the sale of the renminbi and the completion of the settlement. Such settlements are subject to the following risks, but can be achieved through (1) a sharp deterioration in Central-American relations and (2) significant changes in Central-American macroeconomics (including but not limited to them)
In the context of the systemic financial crisis, interest rate reductions, other fiscal and monetary macro-policies) (3) Central American economies, the price of finished oils is highly correlated with supply and demand. Supply-side risks include, but are not limited to, the capacity of finished oil production, the ability of Shandong to produce less than expected; demand-side risks include, but are not limited to, the new crown epidemic.
The weakening of private cars, the over-expected replacement of gasoline cars by new energy vehicles, and the national policy restrictions on fuel cars, the impact of ethanol gasoline additions will also have a degree of inhibition of the impact of the refinery ' s mtbe product 3 and the technical overlap on excess returns:
The majority of private big-scale enterprises built industrial refining units from 2018 to 2019, using the latest production techniques, have a clear subsequent technological advantage over two barrels of oil and the old production capacity of Japan and Korea, while technology excellence has a technology iterative cycle of about 15 years, but if the technology overlap cycle is shorter, or if it is super-diplomatic for the helonic petrochemical industry,
There is a negative impact on the benefits. 4 - Project approval is not as high as expected risk: currently, several projects in the Helium petrochemical programme still need to be addressed by the relevant government ministries, such as the National Commission for Reforming the Environment of the Provinces and Municipalities.
Door approval, if project approval is not as fast as expected, or if there is a negative impact on the growth of the constant fossilization; refinery shutdowns/cutbacks due to other force majeure; chemical plant driving is not as fast as expected:
Most of the chemicals integrated with Helium petrochemicals are intermediate products that are subject to super-expected changes in supply and demand relationships in the industrial chain.
Risk of increased competition: A domestic impact on the domestic dumping of industrial products that contain but are not limited to the United States or the Middle East ethane fission capacity. Helium petrochemicals as a leader in the polyester integration industry, downstream of polyesters as fabrics - fabrics - dyes
Textile apparel. The global demand for textile clothing has had some impact on the polyester chain, including, but not limited to, the imposition of a tax on Chinese exports during the China-United States trade war, and anti-dumping adjustments by South-East Asian countries to China's Long Ribbons, which have resulted in an average of final ratings, as an average market investment.