• Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) and profit-earning double speed, leading to a bank on the market
In the first half of 2023, Jiangsu Bank collected and returned to the mother-to-child net profit by 10.64 per cent on a year-on-year basis, debt markets recovered, and returns on financial investment operations are expected to improve considerably, contributing to non-interest income.
In the first half of 2023, Jiangsu Bank's total assets, loans, deposits were higher in the financial investment category (co-operatives + bonds) relative to loan-type assets (loans + deposit central banks) or related to the company's policy of flexible capital handling under the warmth of the debt market.
The marginal slowdown, however, has been strong and positive, mainly as a result of the balanced development of the Bank’s lending structure, the long-term stabilization of high-quality assets focused on the public, micro, retail and public sectors, with quarterly investments. Jiangsu’s investment in the public business reserve is early, and it is expected that the new lending structure will continue to be dominated by new lending structures.
In the case of public ownership, the distribution of industries continues to tilt toward higher-end manufacturing, green, and high-tech enterprises. Consumer lending in retail loans, replacing individual mortgages, is expected to be the main force of growth, with a positive increase in retail loans of 1h23 and a positive increase in the ring ratio, with a continued improvement in the consumer landscape in the second half of the year.
After seven and a half years of improving asset quality and increasing risk remediating capacity, Jiangsu Bank has experienced a seasonal decline or a flat rate for seven and a half years from late 2015 to mid-2023. The negative rate of 1h23 has been reduced by 1 bp to 0.91% and the asset quality has improved continuously.
The new accounting standards adjust the calibre by providing for a flat-end increase in the molecular end in fair value and its change is accounted for under other consolidated proceeds, with retroactive adjustments at the beginning of the year compared to the previous value +9 pcts.
• Capital replenishment is expected to be implemented, and the follow-up scale has been sufficiently motivated to close up as at 3 August 2023, with the most recent five transaction days of Jiangsu Bank receiving higher prices than the ones available for transfer, the annual reports of 1.2022 and the quarterly reviews of 2023:
The asset-end capacity continues to increase, with a double gain that triggers the foreclosure clause, with the current untransferable equity balance of $14.4 billion, assuming that the risk-weighted capital in 2023 will grow at the same rate as in 2022, and that it will remain static (excluding profit-to-gain capital) at the core level.
A cumulative increase of 33 per cent in the annual stock price of Jiangsu Bank in 2022, which includes an investor's recognition of its operational capacity and performance in 2022.
The Bank of Sioux performed well, with a growth rate of 6.11% in the 2q22 season, the highest in four quarters. The semi-annual report for 2023, below a high base, continued to show strong performance, with 2q23 growing, net profits increasing, poor, provisioned with a better ring than ever before, with double-digit growth at the end of the six-month period compared to the city.
In the lower cycle of interest rates, there has been an upturn. We believe that Jiangsu Bank is a unique, fast-growing bank in the current market environment, with a city-protected, retail growth engine-wide micro-business.
We believe that this advantage will continue, far less than in Jiang Zing’s colleagues. The financial institutions in the Bank of Jiang Yu region are competitive, lending prices are too high for customers, and if the market rate rebounds faster than expected, the advantage of the Bank of Jiangsu’s steady spread will become more pronounced, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Interest rate risk: interest rates under broad credit and broad monetary policy continue to fall, with narrow interest differentials. Market risk: the macro- and regional economy’s sharp downswing has led to a deterioration in asset quality and a significant increase in bad performance; Debt markets’ adjustment of non-interest-bearing income has continued to drag performance.
Business risk: Economic growth is slower than expected and declining demand for financing slows credit growth. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and advice contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.