Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) and steady growth in revenue maintenance, and financial investment performance.
In the first half of 2023, Jiangsu Bank recorded a steady increase of 10.64 per cent over the same year, with its main contribution being other non-interest-bearing income. The net revenue of 1h23 interest slowed down, compared with +6.42 per cent (vs. competitiveness, investment and trading capacity are increasing and the contribution of transactional financial assets is increasing.
• Quantities control interest differentials, with a significant 1h23 net interest-control effect of 2.28% compared to the beginning of the year and 4bps, with the lowest six-month drop in the semi-annually published city comptoirs, at 1h22-8bps.
In the face of heavy pricing, Jiangsu Bank maintains a two-pronged approach to asset liabilities, with the "volume-size-control" net difference remaining relatively stable.1 At the asset end, 1h23 interest-bearing assets received a balance of yoy + 18.25 per cent, and Jiangsu Bank has increased operations such as major industrial projects at the provincial and municipal levels.
Expansion, industry to focus on priority areas such as advanced manufacturing, infrastructure and green environment (policy workers, e.g. green loans are awarded at the top of the country's local corporate banks), inclusive micro-credit balances (Yoy+21.05 per cent) and share of the market in Jiangsu province
This control has a significant effect, with interest-bearing liability cost rates dropping by 10 bps on the same year, 6 bps to 2.36% on the beginning of the year, and deposit interest expenditure accounting for 57.14% of total interest expenditure. Under interest-bearing liability cost rates, the average interest rate on deposits is 2.26%, a decrease of 8 bps on the same year, and a decrease of 8 bps on the beginning of the year.
Further optimization: 1h23 Jiangsu bank accounts for 51.52 per cent of public deposits, with a significant increase of 18.56 per cent in the balance of public demand as compared to the beginning of the year, from 4:6 to 4.4:5.6 per cent in the end of 2022, and the integrated financial services capacity of Jiangsu bank is constantly being consolidated and intellectually empowered
• Improved risk-reducing capacity, zero batches, and improved quality of manufacturing assets
2. Annual report, 2022, and quarterly report, 2023: Local industry. Out of this, wholesale and retail trade, manufacturing (20.1 per cent of total loans) have continued to improve asset-end capacity, with a double yield.
Financial science and technology boosts the integration of business and technology depth, with 1h23 cost revenues falling by 3.61 pcts to 20.91 per cent at the end of 2022, the second lowest in all a-stock listing banks; and the return to the mother.
The 2nd day of the report, Jiangsu Bank: A "Standing in Progress" Volume of the regional Dragon City comptoir, analyzes micro-business as an example of how Jiangsu Bank's mounds come from a combination of home-grown advantages and intellectual transformations that have worked well for small and medium-sized enterprises, self-employed business owners, and so on.
Banks use digital wind control techniques similar to mass credit for manual experience, and financial technology and water upgrading can lead to economies of scale. Jiangsu Bank’s financial technology is growing rapidly, and intellectually oriented advantages are emerging.
• Increased profits from internal sources + external debt-to-equity transfers, which together contributed to an increase in capital adequacy rate of 1h23 Jiangsu Bank core-level capital adequacy ratio of 48bps to 8.86% over 1q23, with additional capital of 1 billion.
11,266 million (a balance of 20 billion at the beginning of the year) and 44% of the accumulated share transfer. In the review process, the logic of the transfer is “a positive increase in the recognition of shares — a positive share price close to the debt-transferable ransom price, and a longer extension — a high probability of foreclosure — to facilitate the transfer of the equity of the debt holder”, which is the logical anchor point for the Gang.
Whether or not the Bank of Sioux is recognized in the market. This year’s stock transfer performance is a reflection of the increasing market recognition, which is expected to accelerate in the future, with the net profit gains of 1h23 Jiangsu recording the first increase in a bank’s share in the market.
Double-digit growth, a pro-reverse cycle of robust and resilient capital management, income-generating and profit-generating capabilities. We believe that Jiangsu Bank is a rare, fast-growing bank in the current market environment.
Both retail consumer finance operations are expected to continue to benefit, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The macro- and regional economy’s sharp downswing has led to a deterioration in asset quality and a significant increase in bad governance.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.