Incidents: On 31 August, 4 September, and 7 September, Jiangsu Bank issued circulars stating that Jiangsu Guangtao, Jiangsu and Phoenix had previously increased their shares in Jiangsu Bank by means of their own funds through the submission of a centralized bid. Furthermore, as of 7 September, the accumulated transfer of stocks from Soyuz to Soyuz had reached 69.96 per cent.
In recent times, Jiangsu Bank has issued successive bulletins, which \triangleright shares are calculated by increasing the total equity after closing date.
East has confidence in the long-term development of Jiangsu Bank, while also creating a favourable environment for the transfer of debt to equity. The ratio of debt to equity has reached nearly 70% and capital is being replenished.
After the “Seam to Silver” met the conditions for for redemption, the ratio of Seymour to equity increased at an accelerated rate, as of 7 September
By the end of 23h1, the accumulated transfer rate was 22.38%, while the core-level capital adequacy rate of Jiangsu was 8.86%, which is more regulated.
The requirement is 111 bp higher. The 23h1 data is static. After full conversion to equity is completed, it can be reported in the middle of 2023 by Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh).
2. Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) 23h1 performance report points with clear strategies and excellent fundamentals. Deep-farming microscopic, retail transformation strategies bring the Jiangsu Bank a high-roe watch.
Review: Mother-to-child net profit increases by 27.2%, and transfers are “close to the bottom of the line.” Companies take advantage of Jiangsu's small economy, opportunities for upgrading their manufacturing sector, differential targeting of small and medium-sized customers, -2023/08/02
The establishment of the micro-business moat; led by the retail transformation strategy, the earlier distribution of the consumer loans led to an in-depth report with the Bank of Jiangsu (600919.sh): the net difference in the lead in deep-deep farming.
With cost savings, it is expected that Roe will continue to perform well. The net return profit growth is ranked first among the 42 banks with a market share; a negative rate of 0.91% for 23H1; and a provision for: continued high performance and deeper retail transformation - 2022/10/
(b) The three major shareholders have increased their confidence in the development of the company and have “protected” the swaps;
Shareholdings are disclosed in the coming stock announcement, with grey fonts disclosed in the 23-year medium-term; as the company is in a fungible conversion period, the percentage increase is calculated to increase the total equity after closing date.
Figure 3: Jiangsu Bank ' s performance as at 23h1 increased on a year-on-year basis (cumulative) Figure 4: Jiangsu Bank ' s total assets as at 23h1 and total loans increased on a year-on-year basis Summary of Company financial statement data projections
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.