Jiangsu Bank (600919): Maintenance of net profits High increase and continued optimization of asset quality Incident: 2 August, Jiangsu Bank released its semi-annual performance report for 2023, which was collected and collected in the first half of the year
The Jiangsu Bank is based on 10 urban commercial banks in Jiangsu province, including Si Si Jin, Suzhou, and Nantung, and consolidates modern and restructured shares.
The company was officially inaugurated on 24 January 2007 as the only local corporate bank in Jiangsu province.
The first team of practitioners, on the one hand, benefited from the economic recovery in Jiangsu province and the need to restore a relatively good life, with the aim of integrating innovation, practicality and speed, with interest rates falling to the bottom; folding and six months of lower interest rates on deposits and optimal debt structure, and the need to improve the quality of life in Jiangsu province.
In the first half of the year, the bond market as a whole performed well, pre-empted, intelligentized, integrated, internationalized commercial banks.
At the same time, with the continued improvement in the quality of assets, the company has grown into a modern, integrated and more competitive market, with a higher rate of growth in net profits by reducing the provision for withdrawals, counter-bullying profits. The weighted average for the first half of the year is net.
By the end of June, the Bank’s loan balance stood at 1.75 trillion dollars, and the demand for loans, especially retail, was expected to recover, supporting firm growth in the size of corporate credit.
At the end of June, Jiangsu Bank had a non-performing loan rate of 0.91 per cent, a decrease of 1 bp. asset quality was further optimized.
As the economy recovers, it is expected that the pressure of bad generation will decrease and the quality of assets will remain stable. Credit costs are expected to drop in the future, contributing to potential profitability releases Investment proposals: regional economic advantages are highlighted, supporting high corporate profitability growth. Jiangsu Bank is based in Jiangsu province,
With steady growth and consumption-enhancing policies on the ground, credit, especially demand at the retail end, is expected to recover gradually in the second half of the year, supporting steady growth in credit size.
At the center of the value, the “very recommended” rating is maintained. Out-of-date shifts have an impact on the banking environment, bank magnification speed, net interest differential levels, asset quality
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn The Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery.
Jiangsu Bank (600919). Net profits have increased and asset quality has been optimized. Figure 3: Jiangsu Bank ' s non-performing loan rate of 0.91 per cent at the end of June, 1 bp drop in ring comparison. Figure 4: Jiangsu Bank ' s provision coverage at the end of June was reduced by 12.4 pct
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, Jiangsu Bank (600919).
I've been in the banking industry for years, and I've been in the gold, sea and skywind banking industry.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Co. reported Jiangsu Bank (600919), which maintains high net profits and continues to optimize the quality of its assets.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.