Chengdu's semi-annual performance rating for 2025 August 27, 2025.
The net gains were positive: 2025h1, the company ' s operating income was equal to +5.91 per cent, the net profits of the parent were equal, and there was a steady and sustained increase in the scale of benefits, while cost controls worked better, cost revenues were optimized faster than the same-deposit cost, the government believed business remained strong, and personal consumption loans grew brightly: 2025h1, the company.
The rate of return on the company ' s interest-bearing assets and the cost of its interest-bearing liability is higher than at the beginning of the year -- 27bp, 24bp to Yuan Shijun, the research assistant.
Maintained stronger than at the beginning of the year, at +11.06 per cent, of which are leased commercial clothing, hydro-environmental protection, loan-making in three major sectors, major increases in consumer lending contributions, and companies actively cooperating with consumer promotion policies to increase consumer lending and lending, with balances higher than year-end asset quality, and an increase in the risk of subprime lending: by the end of June, the company ' s non-performing lending rate was 0.66 per cent.
The equity ratio is 0.44% for loans of concern and +3bp. Specifically, the negative rate for the quality of public loan assets is between +20bp and 0.98% at the beginning of the year, with individual mortgages, consumption, and operating loan failure rates of andaapp, respectively.
Investment proposals: The firm’s regional advantages are clear, benefiting from the creation of a two-city economic circle, and the broad scope for business development helps to drive sustained performance growth. At the asset end, the expansion of public credit is strong, the government-assurance operation is visible, assets are of excellent quality. At the end of the debt, deposits are growing rapidly, and the share is high.
Rich management needs are expanding and diversified revenue channels are expanding. Together with corporate fundamentals and stock price elasticity, we can see figure 1: Chengdu bank revenues, net profits and speed of increase. Figure 2: Chengdu bank roe
Figure 3: Net bank interest income and rate of increase in Chengdu banks, Figure 4: Net interest spreads and negative return/cost rates on capital, Figure 5: Size and rate of increase in CMP bank loans
Figure 6: Size and rate of increase in bank lending to public and retail loans in Chengdu, Figure 7: Structure of bank lending in Chengdu, Figure 8: Rate of increase in individual bank loans in retail
Figure 9: Size and rate of increase of bank deposits in Chengdu, Figure 10: Structure of bank deposits in Chengdu, Figure 11: Non-interest-bearing bank income, intermediate operating income and speed of increase
Figure 12: Other non-interest-bearing income, investment returns and growth rates in Chengdu banks Figure 13: Externalized size and rate of increase in Chengdu banks Figure 14: Impairment rates in Chengdu banks, ratio of interest-type loans
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration was not in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.