CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Zoomlion Heavy Industry - A (000157 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Margin risk priced in; Good buying opportunity
Target Price
RMB9.56
(Previous TP
RMB10.20)
Up/Downside
+32%
Zoomlion's 3Q20 profit is solid (+85% YoY) and management's post-results
Current Price
RMB7.24
comments on demand (+10% QoQ in 4Q20E) and margin (to improve
sequentially) suggest that the business outlook remains favourable. We believe
China Capital Goods
the recent share price pullback on concerns over margin was overdone and we
Wayne Fung, CFA
see this as good buying opportunity. We slightly took our 2020E-22E earnings
forecast down by 2-4% after modelling higher sales volume but more
conservative margins. We fine-tuned our TP from RMB10.2 to RMB9.56, after
rolling over our base year to 2021E with a target multiple of 10x (previously 12x
Stock Data
2020E P/E). Maintain BUY.
■ Key highlight on 3Q20 results. Net profit in 3Q20 surged 85% YoY to
RMB1.67bn, within the range of profit alert (RMB1.48-1.78bn) released in mid-
Oct. Revenue grew 73% YoY to RMB16.4bn while gross margin narrowed
Source: Bloomberg
2.4ppt YoY and 1.8ppt QoQ to 27%. Net operating cash inflow increased by
58% YoY to RMB2.6bn in 3Q.
Shareholding Structure
■ Strong growth across all segments. In 9M20, concrete machinery and
crane revenue increased by 34% YoY and 44% YoY, respectively, to
RMB13.7bn and RMB23.6bn. Agricultural machinery revenue grew 35% YoY.
Source: HKEx, Shanghai Stock Exchange
For new business lines, revenue from excavator surged 244% YoY while
revenue from aerial working platform (AWP) grew 60% YoY.
Share Performance
■ Gross margin to rebound in 4Q20E. Gross margin contraction in 3Q20 was
due to: (1) higher sales of smaller size truck cranes and tower crane that
carried lower margin; (2) higher growth of concrete mixer (lower margin) than
Source: Bloomberg
the concrete pump; (3) fast growing AWP and excavator which had lower
margin (though improving), compared with the existing business. That said,
12-mth Price Performance
management is confident of achieving better margin in 4Q20E, as (1) new
business margin keeps improving, and (2) the Company's central
procurement policy started in 3Q20 will help reduce cost going forward.
Positive outlook in 4Q20E and 2021E. Management believes that solid
infrastructure and property investment, together with the replacement of
labour and strict environmental protection policies are all favourable drivers.
Besides, large players are beneficiaries of rising industry concentration.
Management believes that this round of upcycle will be stronger than the
Source: Bloomberg
previous one.
Auditor: KPMG
Related Reports
Zoomlion (000157 CH, BUY) - Profit
surprise in 3Q20 reaffirms our
Zoomlion (000157 CH, BUY) -
Interim dvd. a positive; Gross margin
stabilized; Sector top pick – 24 Aug
profit a strong beat; Lift earnings est.
China Construction Machinery &
HDT Sector – Raise industry sales
forecast in 2020E-21E; Solid
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Figure 2: Change in key assumptions
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
■ Risk factors: (1) Unexpected weakness on infrastructure spending; (2) Slow recovery
of property construction; (3) Risks of new business expansion.
Financial Summary
Note: We have modelled the dilution effect from upcoming fund raising exercise in 2021E
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.