U.S.A.R.E.U.S.
The fundamentals are under pressure, and growth is visible after the marginal weakening of the cyclical forces. The company fundamentals (RMB) industry has moved to an accelerated bottom stage, and the underlying demand outlook is still weak, but there are some bright spots for innovation.
The demand for goods is weak, the pcb industry chain is pressurized,a the first three quarters of the quarter of the quarter of the year are ready, and the upswing of upstream materials accelerates the bottom of the entire industry chain. Looking ahead, 2023 spaces, servers (a new platform upgrade will add value) have innovative growth points, so we believe.
For the next year, while fundamental demand will remain under pressure, a breakdown of innovation points will benefit from growth.
In extremely poor cases, the ability to cope with risks is more stable than in the same context, with earnings declining by 10 pct/11pt compared to 20 pct/21pc, 17 pct/16 pct, 12 pct/11pc, 25 pct/21pt.
At the same time, historically, companies have shown a number of down-priced steps and Māori units remain stable.
High-end products break out of growth attributes, and seize the opportunity to replace materials from national production. On the margins of the weak cycle on the corporate side.
In a context of diminishing international influence, the growth of a company with a breakthrough in high-end products is expected to be reflected in the fact that, over the past 10 years of its research projects, the company has focused on breaking through high-frequency, high-speed, sealed base panels with high-end special types of products, such as capped copper, which are in a rapidly expanding market.
Field development phase (car mm waves/laser radars open space for high frequency/high-speed coatings, service upgrades will use higher-grade high-speed high-speed coatings), and the high-end ad hoc material market is also showing a competitive pattern dominated by overseas manufacturers, which are the only ones in the mainland.
The company is expected to be a leader in the replacement of high-end materials by top 10 producers of high-speed copper sheet materials (ranked 9 with 5.0 per cent), and high-speed copper sheet materials (rank 6 with 3.0 per cent with 3.0 per cent).
Liu Yeon Sheng luyanxue@gjzq.com.cn shares continue to give a “buy-in” rating.
Foreword: Three issues need to be addressed to determine the value of the company’s current investment, and the cyclicalization of the copperboard sector after experiencing inflation-induced price increases last year.
As the second-largest copper-plating enterprise in the world, it is also difficult to avoid pressure when the industry is under pressure. The companies ' receipts for the first three quarters of 2022 were +5.82 per cent, respectively, and - the companies ' current pressure is heavy, mainly from the cyclical downside of the macro-level economy, which determines the cyclicality of the economy.
The bottom line will be a marginal improvement, and the company, as the leader of the global copper-plate industry, has refined its growth properties under the strong Alpha model with its continued high-end breakthrough and product internalization, and once the cycle becomes weak, the growth properties of the company will begin to take shape.
The value of investment should be addressed in three ways: 1) where the current cycle runs; 2) how one-year dimensions of demand are expected; 3) how the growth of the company is reflected. This paper will therefore provide an analysis of the value of public investment around these three issues.
i. Industry pressure from weak demand cycles, now operating to an accelerated bottom-up stage 1.1. Weak electronic demand, high down-and-down pressure in the industrial chain.
According to the first three quarters of 2022, global smartphone sales fell by 9 per cent, Chinese smartphones by 13 per cent, and global pc by 11 per cent, both applications accounting for more than 30 per cent of the demand downstream, laying the basis for the weak demand of the pcb industry chain this year.
In the first three quarters of the year, the same rate of increase in single-season revenues was observed for the upstream raw materials: +44 per cent, +15 per cent, figure 7: a share pcb industrial chain collection and a similar rate of increase
1.2 In the light season of the year, when the demand for the ready excess season or the cycle accelerates to the bottom of the year, after entering the fourth quarter, we find that the pcb industry chain has undergone some changes, mainly from the supply and demand sides:
At the end of the supply, as can be seen from the data on the operations of the branches of the industrial chain, the third quarter of the traditional season has not lost its strength, which has led to a more pessimistic expectation of future demand, a pessimistic expectation that, on the one hand, the tails have been cleared and, on the other hand, the upstream raw materials have been compressed.
The capex decision (delaying the capex plan, demobilizing personnel, etc.), according to our tracking, has occurred in the upstream copper sheeting, with compressed capacity ranging from 10% to 40%, which ultimately results in reduced effective output at the end of the supply end.
On the demand side, although the traditional season of the third quarter was a weak one, the endpoints at the end of October are still in the year-end readiness rhythm, and we can see a real change in the demand side of the industry chain from the copper plate, the pcb ring comparison camp, and the volume of the end product.
Good. We've tracked down to 80%-90% of upper-middle-down companies, and some of the Grand Dukes are almost fully productive. The pcb industry chain improved demand by the end of October, with supply compressed, supply-demand shapes.
It became a short-term mismatch, and eventually the upstream raw material price began to rebound, for example, at the low end of the 35m copper bean price, which we have observed has rebounded from the low price at the end of October to 11.9 per cent so far (of which the processing fee rebounds by 37.5 per cent) and the industrial chain has been a hot spot.
It did show an improvement in the ring ratio, but it was mainly due to the client's needs for the reserve, the overall improvement was limited, and some of the end demand was still on the same scale, so we didn't think that the industry chain needs were actually being repaired. In this case, we felt that we needed to be vigilant about the need for 23q1 overdrafts for the current reserve.
Risk, though, we believe that higher prices for upstream raw materials will exacerbate supply and demand confrontations, trigger negative feedback from downstream to upstream, thus accelerating the entire chain of industry to the bottom. So, in view of the changing dynamics of the industrial chain, we think that the process of restoring the chain will take some time, but the acceleration will lead to a fundamental repair.
Figure 13: A significant increase in the monthly ring ratio for the gold development of the copper industry Figure 14: A significant increase in the November ring ratio for the bovine industry Figure 15: A slight increase in the monthly ring ratio for the ccl company
Figure 16: Portfolio pcb combined monthly ring increase still holds pressure
Figure 20: Global mainstream pc-based plant product rings improved by a tiny margin Figure 22: Domestic sales of new energy vehicles improved by November
II. BASIC REQUIRED REQUIREMENTS, SHOWING IN DIGITAL OR BROUGHT, AT THE CURRENT LEVEL OF OPERATION, BUT RESPONSE OF REQUIREMENT OF REQUIREMENTS ON THE LEVEL OF REQUIREMENT IS A CHANGE, AND IT DECIDES THAT THE BASIC ENVIRONMENT OF COMPANY BASIC DEVELOPMENT IS A CHANGE, BECAUSE,
At this point in time, we should judge the development of demand in the electronics sector for at least one year. 2.1. Consumer-type basic demand is still under pressure, and a breakdown of innovation points is worth noting. Consumer-type demand consists mainly of smart products such as mobile phones, pc, wearable, vr/ar, based on idc's prognosis.
In 2023, the global output of smartphones is expected to reach 1.27 billion, an increase of 2.8 per cent in the same year, and pc, a decline of 2.3 per cent in the same year, as well as the prevalence of large pc-based plants, show that basic consumer demand will remain high next year.
But at the same time, we can also see a number of break-down innovation points or opportunities for high growth, such as idc's projection that global folding cellular output will reach 23.7 million in 2023, an increase of 51.4 per cent in the same year, with China's folding cellular output expected to reach 4.15 million, an increase of 33.2 per cent in the same year; idc predicts a global increase of 33.2 per cent.
The volume of off-the-shelf products is expected to reach 5.5 per cent, with a 33 per cent increase in the rate of small innovation products of the same type that can be worn off; idc projects that the global volume ofvr andar equipment will reach about 2023.
2pc plants, including branding plants and surrogates. Chart 31: Projected 23 per cent/70 per cent increase in vr/ar deliveries in 2023, deceleration of new energy vehicles, attention to opportunities related to intelligence
In November 2022, China’s new energy vehicle reached 34% penetration. Under the established high penetration rate, the China Air Association expects Chinese automobile sales in 2023, and the subsequent electric-powered industrial chain increases will slow down, as the growth of the new energy vehicle significantly slows.
But we believe that for pcb, changes in the electronic structure of the centralized domain will open up intelligent value-added spaces, and based on the layout of the electronic structure of the mainframe plant that we have combed, we find that, with the exception of Tesla, the new mainstream energy mainframe is relatively slow in the layout of the electrical structure, basically from the very beginning.
In 2021 – 2022 – the first stage with a centralized field structure was introduced, and given the time required for the penetration of the new model, we believe that most of the models on the market have not yet been upgraded to allow intelligence to start. In this context, the intellectually equivalent pcb value increase actually returns.
It's not entirely reflected in market demand, but it's worth $550-600 by reference to Teslamodel3, and it's a significant incremental contribution, so we think that car intelligence will be a key growth driver for power transmission.
Figure 32: New energy vehicle penetration in China reached 34 per cent in November Figure 35: Opportunities offered by car pcb to power and intelligence 2.3. Industry chains are optimistic about the server industry, and the pcb industry needs to focus on updating.
According to idc, global server output is expected to reach 15,490,000 in 2023, an increase of 2.1 per cent over the year, with a lower rate of growth throughout the year, but if, at the quarterly level, the first half of the year is under pressure due to base and macroeconomic impact, it is expected to return to a relatively high rate of increase in the second half of the year and to mainstream generations of major servers
Plants also maintain high expectations of server delivery, so we think the server industry is still better, but for the pcb industrial chain, high-end server products are key to growth, and server upgrades will be key to growth. Intel and amd product planning, 2022
From the bottom to the first half of 2023, the server platform will be upgraded from Whitley to Eaglestream, the pcb layer will be upgraded from 12-16 to 16-20, and the value will increase by at least 50 per cent, with the industry as a whole Figure 37: Global server output projected to increase by 2.1 per cent in 2023
Figure 39: Server upgrades. In summary, we think that the overall basic needs of the electronics industry will improve in a year-on-year dimension, but are still weak, with only a breakdown of areas where innovation needs will change somewhat, which determines the size of the company.
Larger producers will face a smooth rather than fast-growing demand environment. Three, strong Alpha players will reverse in a smooth transition, and Davis double-click values will highlight the fact that, as noted earlier, one-year dimensions of total electronic demand or hard to reverse with a high slope, probably improving rates.
The state of demand, the background of which naturally makes it difficult for a company to grow at the end of a leading business. However, the lack of a high rate of growth in revenue does not mean that the growth in corporate profits is also slowing, and we think that the public sector has a stronger Alpha capability that would enable it to grow beyond expectations when the macro-level environment calms down.
The ability to manage raw materials and the ability to import high-end products. 3.1. Risk response in adversity is strong, and Alpha's profitability has been demonstrated on many occasions.
(b) In terms of profitability, the company's profitability at a time of greater demand pressure shows a much stronger resistance downside than in terms of gold, South Asian fresh material, Chinese and British technology, respectively.
The super-resilient nature of the company in terms of profitability has helped it to get out of the cycle trap quickly. Historically, the company has shown that even if the unit price stays down, the unit Maori can still maintain the counter-cyclical properties of the upswing, while other comparable corporate profits have more pro-cyclical properties, as can be seen from the firm's strong Alfa.
Sex. This ability depends on the firm ' s ability as the second-largest copper-plate manufacturer to manage raw materials (up to 80 per cent of the cost of doing business), which we believe is sufficient to enable the company to move faster into the bottom of the demand environment and hopefully into a phase of smooth development than the industry.
There is now a faster reversal of profits, thus breaking the pressure on earnings from weak demand.
Figure 48: Comparable company basics of Kim-an-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hwan-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-h-hung-hung-h-hung-h-hung
Figure 51: Comparable C-CIST fundamentals rise against the cycle 3.2, high-end products break through to add growth attributes and seize the opportunity to replace materials with national production.
Growth is expected. From a research and development perspective, firms are relatively large, R & D costs are significantly higher than comparable companies, and R & D costs remain high when they are significantly larger than other comparable companies, as can be seen from the firm’s active involvement in high-end product breakthroughs.
Based on the company's 10 years of research projects, the company's focus is on breaking through high-frequency, high-speed, enveloped base panels with high-end niche products, such as coatings, which are in a fast-expanding market development phase (car mm waves/laser radars open the use space for high-frequency/high-speed coatings, server upgrades will use materials).
High-speed high-speed coatings) and the high-end special-type material market are now showing a competitive pattern dominated by overseas manufacturers, while companies are the only ones in the mainland that are ranked top ten in the top ten rankings of high-speed coating materials, and are expected to be a leader in substitution for high-end national production of materials.
Figure 53: Comparison of R & D costs of companies with comparable companies Figure 52: Comparison of R & D costs of companies with comparable companies (millions of yuan) Figure 54: Continuous coverage of high-end products by companies in research projects over the years
HFccl related research and development High-speed ccl related research and development board ccl related research and development
Figure 55: millimetre wave radar/laser radar applied to HF/high-speed ccl Chart 56: Server main board will be applied to higher-level high-speed ccl Chart 57: The global special base sheet market is dominated by overseas manufacturers
Figure 58: The global market for high-speed coatings is dominated by overseas manufacturers
Lead manufacturers, penetration of high-end products in their product sequences will enhance the profitability of companies and open up their profit margins to help companies demonstrate their growth. 3.3. The profitability reversal is imminent, and valuations continue to underestimate the inter-species.
On the basis of the above logic, we predict the profitability of the company: the sales scenario: the expansion of the company ' s capacity project in 2022 was mainly a Tianxi expansion project, and the expansion of the capacity \triangleright
7.2 million sheets/year-old copper sheets and 8.4 million metres/year-long solidification tablets, representing an expansion of 5.92 per cent compared to the original capacity. Although the overall climate is relatively low this year, companies have ensured a stable level of delivery based on quality of their products, a favourable mix of prices, long-term partnerships, until next year's expansion of production in Lake Matsuyama.
The company ' s sales output is expected to increase with the launch of projects (2.6 million square metres/annual copper plates) and long-term projects (11.4 million square metres/annual copper plates + 36 million metres/annual semi-solid tablets). We expect sales to reach corporate ccl in 2022-2024.
10.252 million square metres, 13.23 million square metres, and 1.96 million square metres, with pp (semi-solidated, later) selling volumes of 146.29 million metres, 183.74 million metres, 21.542 million metres. Unit prices assume that macro-environmental impacts have led to a decline in product prices this year, according to the Customs Administration.
As of October 2022, the total unit price of our exports has fallen by 23 per cent, and the price of q4 has stopped falling because of the increase in the price of raw materials. Given the company ' s leadership in the industry, its binding of high-quality and long-term co-operative clients, we assume that the company's unit price fell in 2022.
The average price of the product is expected to rise, so let's assume that corporate prices will remain stable on a year-on-year basis in 2023, and the Māori rate assumes that the prices of raw materials will remain high this year due to falling product prices, and the Māori rate \triangleright
But based on the above logic, we believe that companies, when they move into a smooth economy, have the prospect of achieving a single Māori inversion that will drive the Māori inversion, and we expect the company to sell on the assumption that the subsidiary responsible for the company's pcb business will generate an e-commerce expansion in 2022.
This year, the pcb industrial chain has a relatively low overall view, but with a relatively small size of electronics, cars, cars, cars, cars, cars, cars, cars, cars, cars, cars, etc.
As services such as servers are in a new phase of development and new orders are adding up, we expect a steady increase in sales of company pcb, with sales projected at 1.21 million square metres, 1.64 million square metres and 2.21 million square metres in 2022-2024, respectively.
Unit price assumption: Pcb product unit prices are generally relatively stable, and we conservatively expect the company pcb product unit prices to be stable down, with business unit prices projected at 3064 cloud/m2, 2911 yuan/m2, 2852 yuan/m2, respectively, for 2022 ~ 2024.
Māori ratio assumption: this year ' s upward product pcb was in a downward trend, leading to a pcb collection assumption: other operations were mainly waste revenue, other operations were realized in 2019-2021 200 million yuan, $300 million and $600 million, and other operations were generated 360 million in the first half of 2022
\triangleright Other costs and cost gains and gains: 2019a~202h1 Other costs and cost gains and gains
The value is still relatively low compared to the manufacturer and is at the bottom of the company's historical valuation level, and we believe that, as the degree of marginality of cyclical factors gradually decreases, the attributes of the company's growth will gradually be reflected and the value of its long-term investments will be high, so we're based on a 30-fold growth valuation of 2023.
According to our analysis, we believe that the follow-up economy will be in a state of deep improvement and calm, when the company is able to make a profit inversion through strong Alpha; if the economy continues to go down and demand falls short of expectations, it will make the profit inversion less rapid than expected.
The company's ability to make a profit in reverse results from the management of raw materials by reducing the price of its own products by a smaller margin than the price of raw materials it purchases for its production, which eventually leads to a change in the unit.
According to the foregoing, we believe that the reason why companies can achieve high growth is because they can achieve high-end product surges and seepage in their own product sequences, the key point of which is that new products can make a sustained breakthrough; but if we do, then we're going to be able to do so.
When new products are less than expected, they will have an impact on the growth of the company and eventually lead to less than expected performance. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: