The Bulls Group, a strong moat, a multi-kind co-drivers company, is the leader of the civil electrician industry, with more than half the city of the converter, and the city of the wall switch in the first place.
First, there is a high rate of growth in lighting and digital appliance operations.
The company is a domestic converter leader, with the current ratio of converters, wall switches, led lighting, digital fittings and other operations estimated at 5:3:1:1 and the diversified layout is now in place.
Continuous growth in holdings, drivers of replacement and new demand, with tight industry standards, optimized product composition, slow increase in average prices, upscaling in volume and growth in industry; 2) wall switches plugs: construction industry, including real estate, drives new demand, old electricity upgrades ensure replacement demand, low aggregates
Medium (cr3 = 30.8%, cr10 = 57.6%) provides a space for business growth; 3) light and digital components: common features include the size of the industry (exceeding hundreds of billions), high rate of growth and low concentration (cr 3) < 7%) and regulatory norms are expected to accelerate the process, and those who are competitive enjoy high industry growth and convergence
1. Channels: flat- levelling structures and brand premiums give rise to higher levels of profit and profit for dealers, high Māori conversions and sustained improvement in the quality of channels (one million yuan annual sales, 66.2 per cent market sales of Skycats), over a decade of visits and multi-operational channels
In the same vein, expansion leads the way (over 970,000 endpoints in 2019h1), while consumer purchases make it hard to shake the edge of the company's offline channels; 2) brand: high security sensitivity and low unit cost product attributes make the converter brand premium more acceptable, hundreds of thousands of outlets advertising and years of marketing.
A combination of the two, firm corporate brand barriers; 3) production: high-finishment and spare parts self-production rates and strong scale effects create corporate cost advantages. The moat is the cornerstone of the river, and multi-grade synergies drive growth. The company’s operations are channeled and branded.
With greater synergy, with existing channels, brands, and production of moats, the company converter industry is expected to benefit from an upswing in consumption; the wall-opening plugs will be driven by engineering-based outreach and the development of professional and systemic products; and led lighting will be driven by high industry growth and corporate output.
The company is the leader of the civil electric power industry, leading the switchboard business, the multi-products coordinated expansion, the availability of channels, the economic downturn, the upgrading of property regulation, the failure to expand engineering channels, and the lower-than-expected expansion of new operations.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. expects; prices of raw materials have risen significantly.
Yang Zhiwei, Liu Kaina, the converter takes the lead, multi-grade extension.
Founded in 1995, the company initially developed, produced and sold the main converter, which was positioned as a “manufacturing no-bad plugs.” In 2001, the company created a banjo to open overseas markets; in 2007, the company entered the area of wall switches plugs; in 2014, the company was involved in the led lighting industry; and in 2016, the company covered digital accessories products.
Chart 1. The Bulls Group has developed a history of multi-species sharp positioning and a strong performance driver. To date, the company has formed a traditional business dominated by converters and wall switches, and an emerging business architecture dominated by led lighting and digital fittings, with “safe plugs”, “design switches”, “Eyed light”,
On 6 February 2020, the company went to the market, effectively controlling Mr. Nguyen Xueping and Mr. Nguyen Liping, who were brothers and held 16.14% of the company’s shares, and indirectly held 27.00% of the company through good business, investment in Sio Won,
0.04% of shares, combined with 86.36% of companies, a high concentration of shares, conducive to efficient harmonization of decision-making, improved management operations, increased corporate revenue by 14.9% to 7.53 billion yuan in the third quarter, net profit by the mother by 58.5% to 1.75 billion yuan in the same period, and a high increase in profit levels.
There has been a sharp drop, but the Māori rate has risen significantly with the rise in the share of new national tenders and company price increases. The new business has benefited from high sales growth, accelerated release of scale effects, a build-up in the share of home-made products, and an upward trend in Māori rates. In addition, in recent years, the company's advertising has shifted its focus from traditional media to new ones, with a greater focus on precision and effective placement, a sustained decline in sales costs and an eventual net interest rate trend.
Figure 6. Corporate profitability continues to rise. Multi-business growth, high synergy. Converter: double sales and average prices, sustainable growth.
The market size of the converter depends on the volume of sales and the unit price of the product. Sales is influenced by the number of users and the number of electrical devices used by households. Users can be divided into household users and the main users of the market, using electrical appliances such as household appliances, 3c electronics, etc. In recent years, there has been an increase in disposable income for the population, a rapid diffusion of electricity, and accelerated enrichment and penetration of electrical equipment such as small household appliances, nursing appliances, 3c electronics, etc., allowing the converter to use on average a year.
The unit price is influenced by industry standards and consumption levels. In April 2017, the new country sign for the plug boards was introduced, with stricter standards for the protection of doors, wire materials, fire resistance, etc., and a requirement that the old country sign products be sold only until October 2018.
In the future, as industry standards rise and regulations tighten, the structure of the industry will continue to optimize, adding to the population’s disposable income will lead to higher consumption and higher product prices. According to the above logic, we:
(a) The division of demand into household needs and market needs;
3. Taking into account the high-end position of the company converter, the sales price is higher than the industry average, assuming that 85 per cent of the company ' s direct sales average for the year was industry average and benefiting from product structural optimization and industry concentration increases at an annual rate of 3 per cent; the results show that, with replacement and new demand driven by two-wheel drive, the country ' s demand for converters will be 871 million in 2020, corresponding to the end of the year.
The end-market is 23.1 billion yuan, which will be followed by low-double-digit growth and growth prospects for the industry. “The bull” is a well-deserved brand brand for our converter industry, with rice, Philip, etc., the main contestants.
In this way, while maintaining the market’s dominance, it maintains a higher level of profitability in the industry by acquiring brand premiums. The company’s sales are unique in size, and the profitable industry leads. According to our calculations, it is assumed that: 1) the average direct sales price in the company is the final price; 2) U-Da’s smart, power-driven future terminal price is twice the price of the plant, while in 2017 the company’s final-scale market was 56.3%.
This is well above the power future of 3.1%, U-Da's intelligence of 1.7%, and because of the high-end bull positioning, the branding of the "port specialist and leader" seems to give it a brand premium, adding higher product and spare parts home-made rates, industry-leading scale effects, with a higher level of profitability than figure 12.
Figure 15. The Māori rate of company plug boards is at a higher level in the industry Wall switches plugs: concentration needs to be raised Market demand for wall switches is mainly influenced by such factors as residential, writing buildings, etc., and is more closely related to real estate.
Over the years, the size of our market has grown steadily with infrastructure and property development. According to neo-thinking data, the size of our market for wall switches has increased by 10.4 to 19.7 billion yuan in 2018 and is expected to grow by 8.2 per cent in 2020, and the number and concentration of participants in wall switches in 2020.
The NQC survey showed that by the end of July 2018 there were more than 1,400 manufacturers certified by 3c, with a large number of participants. According to neo-thinkers, in 2018, it was 30.8% at the end of the market for wall openings and 57.6% at the end of Cr10, which is significantly lower than in the converter industry.
Figure 17.2018, the city of the bull wall switch and the end of the plant is number one. Figure 16. The size of our wall switch and the end of the factory market is growing steadily.
Among the many market participants, the classification by brand can be divided into: 1) positioning middle- and high-end foreign brands that enter the Chinese market earlier, e.g. Siemens, Schneider, Rogran, Matsu, and 2) home-grown brands that follow high-value routes, e.g. bulls, Delixy, Oprah, Jeongtai, flying sculptures.
In 2018, the number of bulls at the end of the market was 13.7%, followed by tcl-Rogland (10.9%), Siemens (6.2%), Chengtai (4.6%), Simon (4.6%), taking into account the large number of participants in the industry, bull head brands, sales prices are higher than industry averages, and end-markets are expected to be higher.
The data show that in 2018, 26.08 per cent of the city was in the bull wall switch plugs, with product demand still dominated by the b-end market, while the company ' s c-end channel structure was more mature. We expect the bull ' s actual terminal to be about 15-20 per cent, with the market leading.
Since 2009, my Government has increased its subsidies to upstream firms in the led industry chain to support high market-scale growth. According to digitimes, the global market for led lighting grew by 14.2 to 62.9 billion dollars in 2018, compared to 48.9 per cent in the past decade.
In the early years, the traditional lighting market was dominated by the three big commons, Philips and Oslan, but with the explosive growth of the led brought about by the leaning of politics, a large number of manufacturers entered the led lighting industry, market competition intensified, prices were on the rise, and low prices were on the rise.
The traditional triads are too slow to react, too expensive to produce, too expensive to sell, their share is eroded, and they have to exit China’s market after 2016. Market concentration is low.
According to our estimates, in 2018, the top three of the country's led lighting markets were Ope, Rath, Sunlight, and Cr3, 6.7%, and the bull market was 0.28%, a marked increase from 0.02% in 2015. In Op, Raz, using the whole lighting business, was measured, and sunlight lighting was an export-oriented lighting business, so we actually sold ourselves in the ed lighting market.
The company entered the Led lighting market in 2014 and received 2019/h1 quickly, benefiting from a high degree of synergy between the Led lighting and the channels under the two traditional main lines, and from the expansion of the company’s image of successful products in terms of electricity and safety.
Figure 23. Low concentration of the led lighting market in our country. Figure 22. Corporate share of the led lighting market continues to rise.
Digital accessories are those that are used directly or indirectly for digital products, such as data lines, chargers, mobile power sources, etc. The digital accessories are numerous, with a market size exceeding hundreds of billions, and since the company’s digital accessories products are mainly data lines, mobile power sources, chargers, etc., we measure the most common demand for new data lines.
3c equipment per new factory is equipped with a data line; Global Dataline Unit (GDI) unit price is equal to that of the bullline in 2018, and the unit price has increased at an annual rate of 10%. Survey results show the size of the end-of-plant demand for new data lines worldwide in 2018 for smartphones only, wireless headphones, wireless sound items
It has reached $25.1 billion and is expected to grow by 15.5 to 34.3 billion yuan by the same year in 2020, with a promising outlook.Marketsandmarkets, also an international market research institute, show that the global mobile power market was close to $10 billion in 2018 and is expected to reach $17.9 billion in 2024, with cagr about 10.9 per cent.
Figure 25. Global smartphones, wireless headphones, and the size of wireless audio data lines
Early in the country, the market was chaotic and very low in concentration, owing to the absence of relevant industry standards and regulations. The first national standard, gb/t35590-2017, published in 2018, was the General Code for Mobile Power for Information Technology Portable Digital Equipment, which was implemented on 1 July of that year.
After more than two decades of steady growth, the firm built three core competitivenesss and built into one of the firm's strongest moats.
(b) Brand end: The high safety sensitivity of civilian electrotechnicals and the low unit value of their products make their brand premium more acceptable, while the company’s accumulation and promotion of hundreds of thousands of sites have helped to promote a professionally secure brand image that is hard to overturn;
The self-production rate of the company ' s finished products and spare parts is increasing, and it is expected that the impact of the fund-raising project will be further expanded upon its arrival, and that the cost of co-production will decrease and the production advantage will be increased.
Brand premium, flattened structure, professional security brands.
High rates of self-production of spare parts/finished products, profits from high distributors and extensive network layouts to protect the river, direct sales to consumers via single-storey terminal points, distribution through two-storey structures between distributors and terminal points to consumers, channel racks.
At the same time, the nearly million end-points built by companies through distribution visits are not only leading in number, sinking in advantage, but also efficient synergies among the product classes. Two-pronged approaches, building firm channels to protect the city.
The flat- levelling channels help distributors with high-profit marketing networks. From factory to consumer, the product is sold directly, through a marketing network, within the country, directly through electricity dealers, supermarkets or small supermarkets in Shanghai, convenience stores, hardware stores, etc.
Cross-border power suppliers; in the case of distribution, there are two layers of distribution networks, the first level being direct corporate collaboration, and the second level being various end-points such as hardware stores, grocery stores, supermarkets, office stores, etc., developed by distributors.
In addition, company brand premiums help distributors to have a higher Māori ratio than their counterparts. According to our calculations, assuming direct sales in the company is the average sale price for distribution terminals, the 2019h1 company converter, wall switch plugs, led
The price increases for lighting devices and digital accessories are 125.3%, 84.8%, 37.1% and 237.3% respectively, while the Māori rate is 55.6% and the high profit level leads to a high performance level. For dealers, high Māori provides a high motivation, and high gross profits from corporate flat-level marketing structure guarantees are beneficial for companies to attract and retain high-quality distributors, while also helping to stimulate sales enthusiasm among distributors and terminals.
The proprietorship of the company also shows the strong attractiveness of its converter and wall switch plugs. As shown in the table below, the company converter distributors have to specialize, and the wall switch plug distributors have a voluntary choice, but the municipality is directly under control, the city of the plan, the province.
Urban distributors have chosen to sell exclusively, showing to some extent the excellence of the company's switchboard and wall switches in the market, the expansion of the distribution and distribution network, the innovative combination of manufacturing and services, the promotion of off-line “visit sales” sales models, and the organization of national distributors.
After nearly 10 years of investment and accumulation, the company has set up three main lines around the main business: the Bull hardware channel (including hardware stores, grocery stores, office stores, supermarkets, etc.), specialized building materials and lighting channels, and digital accessories.
In 2012, the company focused on promoting the breakdown of distribution units and further sinking into district distribution areas.
As of 2019h1, the company owned 2,333 dealers, with over 970,000 endpoints, of which: 1) conversion network points were 731,000, mainly hardware stores, day stores, supermarkets, office stores, etc.; 2) wall-opening plugs were 10,89 million, mainly light-and-light, hydroelectric, mini-pent shops, etc.; 3) digital fittings network points were.
13.56 million, mainly mobile phone channels, supermarkets, car channels, etc.; 4) Led lighting products are compared with the number of comparable company channels, with the exception of digital accessories, according to the company’s main business, by replacing them with alternative products (e.g., bubble lamps), and by purchasing products (e.g., flashlights, light belts) during the renovation phase.
The industry is too fragmented, and Philip's extended plug boards, power converter distributors are smart, walls, switchboards are smart, low-pressure electrical taps are open, and light lighting is lighted by EPP. By contrast, companies have an absolute advantage in the number of terminal distribution points and have greater synergies, such as converters, wall switches, led lighting devices.
The channels involved include hardware stores, supermarkets, builders’ stores, etc., which facilitate the company’s spread of marketing and channel costs, and the rapid roll-out of new lines of business to achieve wider market coverage.
Division: 1) The quality of the offline channels continues to be optimized: as of 2019h1, company converters, wall switches, and individual distributors of digital accessories will cover tens of thousands of yuan. By classifying the distributors by annual distribution area, the number of distributors with sales in excess of $30 million will grow fastest, from 15 in 2016 to 31 in 2018, and the number of distributors with sales in excess of $1 million a year will increase significantly from 2016.
By March 2020, in Top 30 sales of Skycat and Booty Platform plug boards, bull sales were 54.1 per cent and sales 66.2 per cent, all of which were significantly ahead of the same brand.
Figure 36. Individual company distributors’ coverage of nodes is stable Figure 38. Number of dealers between the company’s highest annual sales areas is the highest increase Figure 39. Share of distributors with annual sales of over $1 million
Quantity + Number of New Dealers in the Year + Number of New Dealers in the Year )
After more than two decades of accumulated marketing, the Bull converter succeeded in shaping a professional and safe brand image, and because of the high security sensitivity of the product, the low retail unit price properties, and the willingness of consumers to pay brand premiums to ensure safety, the Bull brand became the company’s wide-ranging feature, the moat.
Professionally safe branding is very popular, and converters and wall switches are electrical, connected to electricity, and have almost daily contact with the human body, and security concerns are not overlooked, so companies focus particularly on creating “safe” product and brand images.
In 1996, the company launched the first button switch plug to enhance product safety; in 2001, the company identified the product as a “safe” plug; in 2007, the company launched the Mine-protected Converter Series and became the first converter brand to win the “China brand”; and in 2011, it became the first wall switch plug brand to win the “China trademark”.
Since then, the company has stepped up its television advertising campaign, and in 2011 signed a new public service announcement campaign to promote electricity security and strengthen the brand's “safe” image; in 2012, the company took the lead in recording gold bidding times and created a strong leadership brand. Over the years, the company has not only been growing in the city, but has also won a great deal of credit, and in 2018, the bull converter.
In addition to traditional advertising campaigns, companies have long adhered to a distribution model centred on selling a little bit, encouraging distributors to put advertising resources like the head of a bull at a terminal site, passing on a secure brand image of a bull profession through hundreds of thousands of sales outlets.
In the towns and some rural areas, there are relatively low-cost, wide-cover, and near-touch coverage.
As a result of the firm’s pioneering, wide-ranging and sustained outreach activities within the industry, the image of the “boot expert and leader” has gained ground over 23 years, creating brand barriers beyond which entry is difficult to cross. Because consumers are more security-sensitive to the board, add low unit value to the product, and make consumers more price-sensitive to the board.
Lower, willing to accept a certain brand premium, thus forming a brand moat for the enterprise. In 2016-2019h1, the direct unit price for the company ' s converter rose from $25.1 to $30.17, an increase of 20.2 per cent, and the recent tight anti-immunity mask was the category of products that enjoyed brand premium for the same reason (high security sensitivity and low unit prices).
According to data from the Institute of Merchant Industries, in 2019, 3m was the first in the net95 medical mask market in the country, with 31.5% of the shares in Hornewell, 2.0% of the shares in Kimberly and 11.0% of the shares in Hornewell, and third, 44.5% of the total, even if a large number of national masks were under priced by half of their foreign brands.
In order to reduce costs through scale effects, companies have steadily increased the proportion of home-made products, reduced the share of oems and higher use of movable property. As of 2019h1, company converters, led lighting, digital accessories.
The proportion of output in oem fell to 7.5%, 3.0%, 53.3%, the rate of self-sufficiency increased significantly, the corresponding capacity utilization of movable property exceeded 100%, and four major industries faced capacity bottlenecks.
Figure 45. Corporate oem production as a proportion of production has been declining steadily.
The conversion automation upgrade project, the annual production base of 410 million wall switches, the annual production base of 180 million led lamps, and the total annual revenue from the harvest is expected to reach $10.7 billion, and the total net annual profit is expected to reach $1.39 billion. Investing in the project will further increase the self-manufacture rate, expand the scale of the project, reduce the cost of production, and create a major advantage in market construction.
In recent years, the company has continued to upgrade the self-contained rate of spare parts and the level of automation. While inputs such as equipment and labour will increase in the previous period, the cost of direct materials will be reduced and the cost of company production will be reduced accordingly as the later scale expands the cost of investments such as amortized fixed assets. As of 2019h1, the company converts, converters, hardware, walls, etc.
The self-forming rate for switch plugs and wall plugs rose to 79.87 per cent, 31.53 per cent, 68.90 per cent, 96.11 per cent, and the share of direct materials in unit costs for switch plugs and wall switches decreased to 81.49 per cent, and 74.18 per cent respectively.
Figure 48. Reduction in the share of direct materials from the company's main products in cost
Power, based on core competitiveness, will be mutually reinforcing, effective and synergistic, and contribute to corporate growth. The converter, the company’s acetic business, a strong moat, and a strong competitive leader, will take the lead in reaping the industrial growth dividend of increased use of electrical equipment, as can be seen from its success in resisting the impact of rice entry.
At the time, the market was concerned that Mi, the "mixer" of the industry's boss, would have a severe impact on the bull, but the company responded quickly, three months later, to assemble a product that resembled the shape of the rice plug board, and priced 48 dollars less than the price of the mill, which was one dollar lower than the price of the mill.
The design and price advantage of the rice also highlighted the product as a “23-year build-up”, highlighting professional and derived safety advantages, with less than seven hours on the line, with the first 50,000 plug boards declared sold out. After that, the bull plug boards, while gradually raising their prices, have so far sold to $59, 10 more than the 49 that Mi insisted on, but the sales performance was positive.
But it's better than Mi, with 20.1% of the growth rate in 2018, which is clearly ahead of the power future - 6.9%. Figure 51. Mi's game with the bull's plate is a good example of the firm's three main moats mentioned earlier:
Channels: Small rice is sold only through online channels, reaching limited numbers of consumers, especially in rural areas where electricity suppliers are not widely available, and the construction of offline channels, which, owing to consumer habits, are close to buying plug boards, makes them more intensive and difficult to build, and the network points accumulated by companies over decades become walls of competition that are difficult to cross.
2 Brands: Because consumers are more sensitive to the safety of the plug boards and prefer professionally safe brands, it is difficult to convert consumers of the plug boards, which are less price sensitive, after decades of brand build-up, well-known, professionally secure brands with more prominent advantages than competitive ones.
3. Production: In recent years, companies have increased their economies of scale by upgrading the self-formulation rates of spare parts and finished products, enhancing their cost advantages, while millet production is dependent on foreign co-operative production, with higher manufacturing costs, where product quality requirements are similar, and cannot be applied on a large scale for long periods of time, making it impossible to have a significant impact on firms.
In the future, the company converter business will continue to rely on channels, brands, productivity moats, the establishment of a career leader, the use of electricity in all households, the new and replacement needs of the industry resulting from the increase in equipment, and the concentration dividend from the tightening of industry standards and rising consumption.
In 2007, the company entered the area of wall switches and plugs. As of 2019h1, the revenue had reached 1,545 million yuan, or 31.08 per cent of the total, with 1,569 dealers and 10889 terminal points, the second-largest pillar of the company, and its revenue growth in the future will come mainly from engineering-oriented outreach and product enrichment.
In terms of access, the construction end market is several times the size of the retail end, while the end end of the construction is divided by the market for the improvement of the real estate, as well as the improvement of the gross house, the renovation/refurbishment of the old building, the renovation/refurbishment of the office building, the renovation/refurbishment of the business premises, and the market for construction projects such as hospitals, schools, libraries, stations, etc., and the market space.
Although the corporate wall switch plug business is already a leading industry, the business is expanding mainly through distributors, most of whom are retail end consumers, relatively few of which are involved in large-scale real estate, large-scale engineering projects, which in the future will focus on breaking through large-scale customer channels, investing in large-scale engineering customer development, flexible periods. In addition, only about 110,000 of the company ' s wall switch plug terminal points are below the 730,000 digital approximations of the converter business.
One hundred and thirty-three thousand of them can continue to open up, and in terms of products, the construction operations associated with electrical and electrical engineering more often than not with wall switches, the company’s current supply categories, and the continued development of more specialized electrical system products will effectively enhance the competitiveness of engineering operations.
The led lighting device has a strong synergy with converters, wall switches and plugs, and since 2014 the company has entered the area of led lighting, while developing new distributors and converting part of the converter and wall switches and plug dealers into distributors running the led lighting business in parallel with the channel synergies with the branding effect of the Bulls.
The led lighting industry is still fast and long, with a large number of manufacturers, low concentration and unbreakable branding patterns, and companies are expected to work efficiently with their strong channels, brands and productivity to optimize product structures, raise the proportion of lamps, increase market share and drive growth, while enjoying high dividends from the industry.
The digital component industry, which is hundreds of billions of dollars in size, has a large number of participating firms and a medium-level low owing to a variety of products, low thresholds, and lack of industry standards and regulations. In 2016, the company entered the industry, earning 176 million yuan, or 3.54 per cent of the total, and developed 1356 million.
As digital products become richer and more widely available, the industry will continue to grow at a high rate. At the same time, as our industry standards become more and more regulated, small businesses will accelerate their liquidation and increase their concentration.
Producers are expected to be the first to benefit from high industry growth and market dividends. We split the company’s switchboard, led lighting, digital parts, internal distribution, off-shore outlets, walls, switch plugs, white switches, decorative switches, and the Māori rate, unit price increases, and sales increases for each channel or product.
1. The macroeconomic downturn. The economic downturn will discourage the population’s appetite for consumption and affect construction, leading to a reduction in demand for products such as wiring boards, wall panels, shut-down plugs, led lighting devices, etc. 2, upgrading of property regulation. Wall switches are more relevant to the led lighting business than to the real estate, if the property is upgraded.
This reduction is not conducive to the growth of corporate business.3 The expansion of engineering channels is not as expected. With the acceleration of sophisticated penetration, the engineering channels are the focus of the wall-opening plugs and the led lighting operations, which, if expanded below expectations, are not conducive to long-term business growth.
4 - New business expansion is lower than expected. Led lighting and digital parts are emerging businesses that companies are nurturing and that, if they expand at a lower rate than expected, will affect the company’s future long-term development.5 The price of raw materials has risen significantly.
A significant increase in the number of feet would affect the level of profitability of the company.