For the first time, the Bulls Group (603195) covered the converter king without borders, moving to the civilian electrician giant, the civil electrician market was 300 billion yuan, and there was a high degree of overlap across the product lines.
There are a wide variety of civilian electrical works, with a market size ranging from tens of billions to hundreds of billions each, a large market space, a market size of 300 billion yuan, a market size of 19.2 billion dollars for calculators, a market of 198 billion for wall switches, 11.38 billion for light, a market of 17.5 billion for circuit breakers, baths, etc.
The market is 8 billion in size, the market for smart locks is 34 billion, and the market for digital accessories is 90.850 billion. People use electric power to spread out, but most of the product channels are highly symmetrical and shared.
The Bulls Group, which has been a converter since 1995, has evolved over 25 years and has become a leading industrial utility in the country, covering products such as converters, walls, led lighting and digital accessories. The company converters have been in absolute leadership, with 65 per cent in 2019 in the City of Skycats; the wall switches are the first to be located in the city.
Total market value (million yuan): 28.06 per cent in 2019 in Skycat City, 35th place nationwide in 2019 in lighted by led. Product power + brand + channel casts on corporate mounds to provide a platformed base. 1) Corporate products are maintained for many years.
High quality, good reputations have been created in the consumer community; 2) companies have set up shops for free of charge, with company advertising, multi-year sales of millions of outlets, branding, marketing; 3) companies have organized distributors, distributed visits, set up nearly 730,000 hardware outlets, nearly 100,000 professional building materials and lighting channels
The network and more than 120,000 digital access points, e.g., to urban and rural shops and shopping malls, form the strongest network of civil electric power outlets. The three components of the achievement are the platformed basis for companies that can choose to move in a fragmented pattern of products and then raise the city’s share of income by virtue of quality and channel advantage.
The rate of growth of the converter has risen, other products have expanded rapidly, converters have collected $5.05 billion, an increase of 4.3 per cent over the same period; corporate walls have been opened with high value for money, and by pushing new and broader channels, performance has continued to grow rapidly, with the opening of the walls in 2019 generating $3.209 billion, the same amount.
This represents an increase of 14.73 per cent; a rapid increase of $984 million in 2,019 battalions, or 32.82 per cent, through wall and converter channels; and a high growth in the location of digital accessories, which in 2019 generated 3.56 per cent of digital appliance.
The Bulls Group, which has been operating since 1995 as a converter, has been operating for 25 years and has become a leading company for civilian electricians in the country, covering civilian electrical products such as converters, wall switches, led lighting and digital accessories.
The company converter was in absolute monopoly, with 65 per cent of the city in 2019; the first city in 2019, with 28.06 per cent of the city in 2019, with Led lighting ranking the first company in the country in 2019.
Quality” and security, from the development of a workshop-based enterprise to the absolute leader of a national converter; (2) in 2007-2013, companies moved into the area of wall-opening and outlets, and innovatively implemented the distribution model for distribution visits; and (3) in 2014-present, the led lighting and digital parts business has developed rapidly and has grown in scale: the dominant advantage in the war on converters has won Miao Mi:
Expanding other products such as smart door locks, circuit breakers and bathhouses for civilian electricians.
The switch has been completed and the net profit has been growing rapidly. The company has been fully produced and sold since April 2017, selling the new national tender converter, selling the old national tender product completely since October 2018, reducing net profits by 8.7% in 2017 due to the rise in the use of the new national tender and the rise in the price of raw materials; and the company converter continues to raise prices and walled up in 2018.
The firm’s net profits grew significantly, with the company earning $10.4 billion in 2019, an 11 per cent increase in the same year; the mother’s net profit, $2.304 billion, an 37.38 per cent increase in the same year; the transformer pillar’s operations grew steadily, and wall switches, led lighting and digital accessories grew rapidly.
Together with the wall switch plugs, they formed the company ' s core business, with two new operations growing rapidly from 2017 to 2019, and two traditional core business revenue declining. In 2019, converter revenue increased the amount of raw materials used in the units of the new converter, and the converter ' s Maori rate fell.
11.49 pt, which led to a subsequent decline in the combined Māori rate to 37.74 per cent; a slight decline in the ratio of Māori in 2018 for company wall switches; a steady increase in the rate of home-made and finished production of major converters; and an increase in Māori of 5 pt for converters and a subsequent recovery in Māori of 41.41 per cent for the Public Administration.
The company's cash flow is good, the net profit cash ratio is based on payments made, and there are virtually no interest-bearing liabilities. The company actually controls Brother Nguyen Liping, Brother Nguyen Xueping, with 86.3% of the shares after issuance.
Shareholding 32.3 per cent (16.14 per cent each), indirectly holding 54 per cent through good opportunity business, and stable equity structure.In December 2017, companies introduced high capital, with 2 per cent of post-issue high capital holdings, which is one of the largest investment funds in asset management in Asia, focusing on long-term structural value investments.
A large number of good domestic and foreign firms have been invested in the areas of consumption and retailing, science and technology, health, financial technology, business services and advanced manufacturing, including 100-degree, tether, Kyouta, couriers, where, airbnb, uber, Pepsi, American, Gry, China Express, etc.
Stakeholder platforms, restricted equity incentives, and a variety of incentives for special talent holding. Companies set up equity platforms for investment in Sio Yuan before listing, Sio Yuan invests 0.3% of equity holdings, and implement equity incentives for 28 core executives and technical cadres through Stakeholder platforms; companies announce restrictive shares on April 27, 2020
Incentives in a variety of forms bind the company’s executives, core cadres and firm depths, with 1.4 project plus capacity, R & D and channels, and continue to improve competitiveness.
The company’s capacity to produce is close to saturation, raises the project’s capacity to add codes, and upgrades its research and development channels. There is a rapid increase in the volume of company products, close to bottlenecks in the production capacity of various product categories, and uses the capacity of the 2019h1 company converters, wall plugs, led and digital accessories to raise walls, converters, led lamps, and continues to add codes to research and development and channel development.
Accomplishments, product sales and competitiveness will continue to increase and the vanguard will be stronger. 2. The civil electric industry is wide-ranging, with a market size of $300 billion.
Electronic power connections, transmissions, storage, conversions, controls, etc., including converters, wall switches, circuit breakers, distribution boxes, led lamps, smart door locks, bathhouses, etc.
The market for lamps (home lighting) is $113.8 billion, the market for breakers is 17.5 billion, the market for baths is 8 billion, the market for smart locks is 34 billion, and the market for digital accessories is 90.850 billion.
1 converter; 2) enterprises and individual households, assuming an average purchase of 10 converters per year by the new major market; 3) converters using a final sale price of 28 pieces per year, which is estimated to have reached a market size of 19.2 billion yuan in 2019; wall switches, circuit breakers, bathhouse market size measurement core assumptions: 1) improvements completed during the year of sale of commodity houses;
2) 55 wall switches per 100 square metres are required, at an average cost of $20 per unit; 3) 8 circuit breakers per 100 square metres; 1 632p breaker (200 per unit) + 7 16a1p breakers (110 yuan per unit; no bathhouse is required for other commodity houses; 5) high-end products are used in villas and high-end apartments at a normal price
According to the Chinese Lighting Power Association, the share of light in our country's general lighting market in 2018 amounted to about 39 per cent, assuming that the size of the light market in our home was 113.8 billion yuan.
In 2016, China’s smart chain retail market officially broke out, thereby driving China’s smart lock market into a period of rapid development, and the National Locker Industries Information Centre released the Chinese Smart Door 2019 semi-annual report. The report shows that 2019h1 has a sales volume of 7.6 million brands of smart locks across the country.
In the same period last year, 8 million units fell by about 5%, and the growth of the industry slowed. The price of smart door locks is now mostly 10,000 units, with a unit price of $2,000, and the market size of smart locks reached $34 billion in 2019.
The market for digital accessories is close to hundreds of millions. The high penetration and sticky use of smartphones have created a demand for “anytime and anywhere” charge, which has led to the expansion of the market for digital components such as data lines, chargers, and mobile power sources.
The size of the digital appliance market is 90.850 billion.) According to IQR, the overall market size of the country's data line industry is showing growth, with 3.7 billion data lines in 2018, an increase of 221 per cent compared to the previous year; the market size is $38.26 billion, the market size of chargers, and we assume that the sales of chargers are in line with the sales of mobile phones at an average cost of $50 per charger.
Figure 20: Number of smartphones arriving and number of cellular Internet users, Figure 21: Size of the charger market (billions)
3. Product power + brand + channel is shaped to provide a platformed base for the company ' s mooring of the river. Civilian electricians are involved in electricity security, users focus on branding, quality and ease of purchase, are less price-sensitive and willing to offer brand premiums; and the civil electric industry has low technical barriers to products and wide downstream channels.
Point. The firm ' s strict control of product quality, its many years of branding and its ability to reach the county-rural-village level of marketing channels have shaped the firm ' s deep moats in the area of civil electric engineering and have provided good product power for corporate diversification: to win by quality, looking at users ' needs.
The company’s products are too high-quality, and has received more than 20 quality-related prizes, such as “national quality-stable products”, “Quality-Credible products”, “China Export Quality Security Demonstration Company”, “Zijiang's famous product”, and “Ningbo Mayor’s Quality Award.”
Features, the company ' s products have been maintained at high quality levels, using the bull converter series b8, 1) shell selection material with flame retardation pp, passed a 750°C hot wire experiment that effectively prevents heat fires in plugs; 2) wires, with 33% thicker wire cores compared to the old national standard, increased to 1.0mm2, conductor cross-sections and conductivity efficiency
Higher, combined with reduced heat and a significant increase in safety; 3) one-size copper strip design, which reduces the number of welding points, helps to improve the quality and life of the product; 4) carrying coiling technology ensures long-term use of enough plugs to be uncomfortable, according to the plugs to reach 5,000 normal plugs.
After long-term sedimentation, the company has established a product planning - product design - procurement - bulk production - a complete process, a well-developed quality management system, and has adopted certifications for the systems for the management of Is09001, Iso 14001 and ohsas 18001. To ensure the quality management system, the company has been equipped with more than 700 personnel to perform the tasks.
Specialized personnel in volume management, laboratory testing, testing analysis and pipelines, equipped with more than 2,000 experimental and production line self-motivation detection equipment, established seven industry-wide high-standard testing laboratories, certified by cnas national laboratories, ulwtdp laboratory certification in the United States and cc, vde, ul, nf, e, etc.
Companies focus on innovation in consumer demand research, product design, and product research and development, and they build forward research, product design, and the development of a three-pronged product innovation system.
And team, innovatively applying new technologies, new materials and new processes and folding them through continuous micro-innovation around “safe plugs”, “design switches”, “Eye-Led” and “Digital Fines” have launched a large number of products with characteristics such as design, appearance, technology, performance, etc., with a high quality of product design, many Red Star awards, if products
National and international awards for industrial design, such as the Design Award, the Red Dot Design Award.
Bull brands are well known. The core is the marketing and hard quality of the store. The company uses distributors to set up a store for the terminal free of charge. The shop is equipped with bull brands and advertising. The hardware store is a small collection for civilian electricians. It's willing to accept a free shop offer.
Consumers pass through the hardware store, etc., and go straight to the bull shop for advertising, folding the bull's product into a hard-to-quality marketing tool, which is hard to copy over the years. As the number of bull terminals increases, the number of radiation users increases, and the brand of bulls has become popular.
There are also placements in the areas of advertising, new media advertisements and outdoor advertising, which continue to raise brand visibility.
The company sales model is mostly distribution-oriented, with sales revenue reaching 86%. The civil electric power terminals are large and fragmented, with companies selling products in a distribution-based, direct-selling mode that allows them to take full advantage of the wider distribution coverage of distributors, effective service lines and end-points, 2019h1 companies.
The company distribution system consists of converters, wall switches and plugs, three main sub-line distribution systems for digital accessories, and an online distribution system with a sub-sub-regional flat-down model within the three sub-line systems, which guarantees high profits for distributors and long-term stability of cooperation. There are no multi-level or indirect distributors in the company.
Vendors buy out distribution products from companies, then offline distributors sell products to end channels, end channels to consumers, and offline distributors sell products directly to consumers through online channels, such as electricity dealers. Companies flatten distribution, reduce channel levels, thereby allowing distributors to share more profits and fully mobilize.
The motivation of distributors, with a general Māori ratio of more than 31% for the company ' s distributors in 2016-2019h1, and a stable high level of profitability, has guaranteed long-term cooperation between high-quality distributors and companies, with sales revenue from the company in 2019h1 amounting to $4.29 billion, of which 65.27% have continued to grow in number and diversify into larger clients and direct outlets.
The objectives of the evaluation include marketing, site development, marketing, business practices, etc., a step-by-step discount for high-performance dealers, support or replacement for dealers whose business status and performance are less than satisfactory, and maintenance of the development and storage of new distributors.
With the introduction of mechanisms, the number of high-quality distributors in companies has continued to grow, with 1913 to 2019h1 to 2333 dealers in 2016. In addition, the company has been fully integrated into leading power platforms such as Skycats, Treasures, Kyouta, Trade Clubs, etc.
Several large real estate companies, such as the Goldfield Group, have entered into strategic collaboration with companies such as Sofia, Europa, and Cube House in the field of embedded products. The distribution and distribution model covers a million web points, creating the most powerful channel for civilian electricians.
Distribution, delivery, visiting services, and door-to-door sales are conducted regularly by professional sales officers on the basis of the web site layout and established lines.
In 2009, after more than a decade of continuous investment, the company created nearly 730,000 hardware channels, nearly 100,000 professional building materials and lighting outlets and over 120,000 digital accessories.
The country ' s largest network of civilian electric power outlets has been formed by a more comprehensive coverage of district-level areas in various places such as the country ' s kiosks, malls, professional markets, etc.
4.1 The converter industry is an absolute leader, with a steady rise in the Māori rate The converter is similar to consumer goods, has branded premium properties, and its growth is driven mainly by the increase in the number of electrical appliances. The converter list is low but involves electricity safety, and consumers value quality, functionality and ease of purchase and are willing to give brands.
In addition to higher per capita income and consumption, the number of household appliances and types of goods is growing. In the kitchen scene, in addition to the traditional refrigerators, the three sets of kitchen guards (oil smokers, gas stoves, sterilizers), there is a constant spread of small kitchen appliances such as rice, pressure cookers, microwaves, soybean mills, cooking machines, ovens, dishwashers and fryers; and in the living room.
In addition to traditional television, air-conditioning, electric fans, top-top boxes, games, audio equipment, air purifiers, vacuum cleaners, water purification machines, heaters and smart home-related devices are constantly enriched; personal consumer electronics are also enriched, and products such as laptop computers, smart phones, smart watches, smart hand rings and tws headphones are increasingly sold.
In the business landscape, new businesses had to purchase equipment such as office computers, and the above electrical appliances and the increase in the number of such items inevitably led to an increase in the demand for converters. The bull plugs were strong.
The Bulls Group insists on making “no bad” plugs, developed in 1996 a special pressure switch, replaced with high reliability, and the brand image of a “safe” plug continues to this day. After many years of production, the Bulls Group is in absolute dominance in the area of the plugs: 1) rich in product, 41 series, more than 2,800.
(b) The sheer variety; (b) the accumulation of 25 years of slogans, nearly one million shops for many years, and the absolute appeal of brands; (c) the full coverage of the canals, which cover nearly one million net points below the line, and the radioactive cities, towns and villages; and the large number of electric power suppliers on the line, such as Bao, Kyoutung and Kyoshi: 4) the largest market share in the country, with 65 per cent in 2019.
In the face of branding challenges such as rice, the design of products is adjusted in a timely manner, with the advantages of quality, size, cost, etc., eventually won. On March 31, 2015, Mi released a first-point plug, which was set at $49, a price less than that of the same type of product.
Designed, released and priced 48 bucks for Bull's Sniper Sniper and then successfully suppressed the Beef's Sniper, and continued to have a huge advantage after the price of the Bull's Sniper rose to 59, with future growth of the Mi-Shope industry stagnant after 2017, while the Bulls Group continued to grow at a remarkable rate at a high base.
During the war, the bulls won over the rice on the one hand because of the timely transformation of manufacturing thinking into Internet thinking, the rapid expansion of new and improved product design, and on the other hand because of years of accumulation, which had great advantages in terms of volume, quality, cost, size and channel, (1) the bulls' plugs contain 41 series and more than 2,800 varieties; and the small rice merchant town.
A total of seven varieties were shown: 2) The same grade of the U.S.U.B. is better in use, safety, durability, repairability and experience than the millet, based on an evaluation of it 168; 3) The cost of the unit per unit per unit per unit per unit per unit per unit of power in the future in 2015 is 30 USD per unit per unit of power, based on the eco-chain of millimeter.
The Māori rate for substitute industries will be higher for millet, while for the Bulls Group the unit cost in 2016 will be only $7 per unit: 4) the size of the millet is small, the power of future plugs has barely increased since 2017, with $230 million in 2019; and the Bulls Group will continue to grow at a high base, with $5.05 billion in 2019,
Twenty-two times the size of the power future: 5) the rice single power source is sold, while the bull channel is more comprehensive, covering the million-line under-line terminal and most of the power company platforms.
On April 14, 2017, new standards were introduced in the Chinese industry, which banned production of the old national labels and sold only until October 13, 2018. Some improvements were made to the new national markers as opposed to the old national markers: 1)
Specification of the plug-in material; 2) requirement to use a five-hole or two-hole combination design for the body of the plug-in; 3) installation of the protection door; 4) enhancement of the flame-retarding level, which cannot be activated after 30 seconds of contact with the plug-in, the traditional abs material shell will not meet the new requirements; 5) mandatory national product certification will be required.
The increase in the amount of copper per unit of product in the new national product relative to the old product, the addition of the protective process and materials such as abbs led to an increase in the unit cost of the plug, which was during the conversion of the new and old national product in 2017-2018, while the company increased the rate of self-regulation of key processes and slowed the cost increase; and, on the other hand, the choice of a competitive strategy, the price was higher at 2017.
The conversion unit cost in 2018 was $7/9.13/9.64, the average unit cost of the converter was 7/9.13/9.64, the company conversion plant completed the conversion of the third generation of full-line automation lines for wireless products, and the cost of the conversion unit for critical processes was reduced to 9.04, but the company price continued to increase slightly to 14.65, the Maori rate
4.2 Wall openings are the first, high value + channels are the ones that drive growth, wall switches are spread out and companies are the first in the industry. The number of wall openings is about 1,400.
The product of a manufacturer is certified by 3c, and the major players in the market include foreign brands like Rogran, Siemens and Simon, and the country’s famous brands like bulls, Jung-tae, Delisi and flying sculptures, as well as many small regional brands. Market concentration is low, according to the neo-thinking world, with industry at 40% in 2018, and the bull market.
The highest rate was 13.7%, followed by 10.9% in the city of Rogran (tcl) and 6.2% in the city of Siemens, and the third highest in the city. In 2019, company walls opened with 28.06%, ranking first.
, the wall switch plug product needs to match the home style, and the decorative and co-matchive nature of the product is becoming more and more heavy, while the traditional wall switch plug product is more monolithic, mostly white and without design elements, and does not meet the needs of the various types of home. When the bull entered the wall switch plug area in 2007, it became so acutely aware of how to operate.
Consumer demand for the decorative nature of switches has changed, identifying products for the "design switch", breaking through the decorative panel, processing the technical and industrial barriers for the decorative switch, successfully pushing decorative products to the general public, with a range of consumer-friendly innovations, such as aluminium magnesium alloys, high crystal glass, double-colour infusion, hallucinogenic textures, crystal series, etc.
Various decorative panels have been introduced to design and apply to more than 3,000 products in a wide range of 33 applications, with products such as the Piano series, the e-link smart switch, the bedroom smart piper switch, among others, winning four international prizes in German red dots, if.
The company's top quality, middle- and upper-end location, is competitive against domestic brands, and it's more valuable than foreign brands. We compare the large, unbridled panel series of bulls, Rograms, Siemens and Delixie, for example, with a gold one-way sale price of $28.4 per piece, which is lower than the Logars (71 pieces) and West.
A door is wise (96 pieces); slightly higher than Delixie Americanis (24.9 pieces). Figure 44: Company wall plug products. Corporate wall switch switch " Decorative" plug location adapted to the upgrading of market demand, decorating switch expenses in 2017.
In 2018, as a result of a slowdown in macroeconomic growth, the decorative switch product experienced a sharp decline in the market for white-cut products that were in a timely fashion in response to market demand.
On the one hand, in 2019, companies sunk further into low- and medium-end markets, pushing for the sale of relatively low-priced products, while on the other hand, costs fell, and companies promoted sales based on the maintenance of high Māori margins in their operations.
In 2019, the company wall opened and sold 450 million items, an increase of 15.68 per cent. In terms of access, the company continues to expand its real estate, engineering channels, their accompanying expansion, and its future performance is expected to grow rapidly. 4.3 Led’s operations are growing rapidly with converters and walls opening channels.
The led industry has a wide range of spaces and fragmented patterns. Led has matured and markets have grown rapidly. According to Csa, the market size of the led general lighting market was 29,1.8 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 14.5 per cent in the same year, and 20 per cent in 2016-2018cagr. Led has low technical barriers to its own products, fragmented distribution channels, and low market concentration in 2018.
The city of cr5 has only 8 per cent of the total, with the main enterprise Opo Light having 2.7 per cent, ranking first; Sunlight 1.8 per cent, ranking second; Foshan Lighting, Tebang Lighting, 3rd and 4th respectively, with around 1.3 per cent; Bulls Group with a low rate of 0.25 per cent due to late entry into the industry in 2018.
In 2014, the company entered the field of led lighting, taking into account the growing consumer demand for visual health, especially the protection of children's eyesight, using the "love eye" as a product, and introduced a variety of led lighting products with flash, blue light, etc.
At present, the company's led lighting products include light source and light bulbs, lamps, lamps, etc. The lighting products are sold in 19 series and more than 200 varieties. After 80 and 90 years, they gradually become home-buyers, who prefer the concept of “new and warm”, “simplified”, “light and luxury” renovations, and the style of renovations is more varied.
In the “light and luxury” “Nord” styles such as the chandelier style, the use of chandeliers, straps and lamps for local and basic lighting, and the company's current wind-ed lighting operation, which is fast-growing through converters and wall openings, has been promoted to 35th place in the industry for six years.
In 2014, it entered the area of led, with a modest performance in 2014-2016, beyond the industry by 100 per cent; in 2016, with a rapid increase in the rate of harvests and Māori in the post-Led lighting business, the same year-on-year increase of 32.82 per cent, with $984 million in the Led lighting camp in 2019; and in 2019, with a 35.06 per cent increase in the Läd lighting rate, compared with 6.55 pct in 2016.
The size of the fast-growing harvests corresponds to the rapid rise in the company ' s position in the led industry, ranking 67/49/35 (big lighting) in 2017-2019. The rapid development of the company ' s operations in led is dependent on the synergy of the converter and wall opening channels, and the gradual import of alternative products such as the company ' s led light bulbs to 730,000 converter terminals;
The company ' s lighting belts, lamps, etc. are gradually being imported into 110,000 construction materials, lamps, etc., and the company ' s operations will continue to grow rapidly as the channels continue to widen. 4.4 Digital accessories are being located and new products are being expanded to highlight the platform ' s ambitions
The digital component industry has a low concentration and uneven quality of products, with three main types of suppliers in the market, 1) official suppliers such as apples and China, which are expensive and of excellent quality; 2) third-party suppliers officially certified by branders, such as the Bulls Group, Purple and Momis, which are of moderate price and good quality; 3) non-officially accredited enterprises such as small workshops, etc.
In terms of quality and price, we believe that third-party suppliers with brand certification are the best choice for users, and that in the future there will be a steady increase in the share of the market. Companies are guided by their customer experience, by product orientation, fashion, and rejuvenation.
In the semi-industry, a range of products such as data lines, supercharged appliances, metal chargers, mobile power sources, etc. are being sold in eight series, with more than 200 varieties. Companies are pursuing the concept of quality by creating digital fine products that are superior in function, experience and quality to most of the industry's products, and 1) fast-loading mobile power sources in capacity.
In the case of 10000mah, for example, the self-loading of the bull ' s fast-charged treasure takes 2h, millimeter, titanium and bountiful-charged treasures in 2.5-4h areas; and (2) the use of the bull ' s self-inflicted recharge technique for anti-filling products, such as fast-filled appliances, can be effective in avoiding a reduction in the useful life of end equipment batteries, such as mobile phones, caused by overcharges.
Figure 55: 10,000mah charger, bull self-loading time is shorter. Figure 54: The expansion of the company’s digital parts product leads to a rapid growth in digital business.
Visited outreach terminal sites, with about 130,000 digital accessories, of which about 120,000 are mobile (mainly mobile shop, mobile parts shop, mobile maintenance shop), 30,000 are supermarket channels and around 0.2 million are automobile channels (mainly auto shop, auto beauty shop and auto shop), while companies are recruiting through online shops and new media outlets
The promotion model raises brand visibility; on the other hand, the expansion of channels led to growth in revenue generation, with digital accessories receiving $356 million in 2019, an increase of 28.4 per cent in the same year; and the Māori rate of 24.8 per cent, an increase of 2.2 pct over the previous year.
Home renovations promote the intellectual upgrading of existing industries, accelerate the expansion of new products such as smart switches, smart door locks, and provide consumers with safe, comfortable, convenient, intelligent electricians and lighting solutions; and, on the other hand, accelerate the development of new business developments such as circuit breakers, embedded products, bathhouses, etc.
The market size of new products such as circuit breakers, bathhouses, etc. has increased by more than $60 billion, and the product channels overlap with converters, walls, and the company has greatly expanded its growth space by fostering new types of products, providing a good basis for the next stage of rapid growth.
New items are on the line, and seed business is on the move. Other company main business products include circuit breakers, coupons and ground foot plugs, along with new products such as smart door locks and bathhouses, and other company mains are expected to take into account company platform attributes and highroe, and we believe that the company is worth a premium of 35 times its 2021 value.
The company is expected to be China’s largest civil electric power platform. There are many types of electrical works, with a market size of tens to hundreds of billions of dollars per product, a wide market space and a market size of 300 billion yuan, and a wide range of electric power for civilian workers, including wire-to-line, shop-to-site, real estate and engineering channels, but most of the product channels are high.
The company has the widest and most extensive channels in the field of civilian electric engineering, reaching nearly a million sites, covering county-rural-village levels, with successful development experience in converters, wall-openings and led, with a continuous increase in future converters, walls-opening and led city occupancy, and the possibility of replicating past success in new categories such as digital accessories, smart door locks and bathhouses.
The company’s operations include converters, wall switches, seating, led lighting, digital accessories, etc., and the converter has yet to match the company, based on the wall, the led lighting business, and the public.
The Division's sales channels, we chose low-pressure appliances, led lighting and small home appliances as analogues, and we chose straight Thai appliances, Oprah lighting, Supor and Bear appliances as comparable companies. The company reached 52.36 per cent in 2019, a 22.7 per cent average compared to the company's Roe, far higher than the other four.
Figure 58: Roe is higher than comparable companies Figure 59: Valuation is higher than the average valuation of comparable companies 1) impact of the epidemic and product sales do not meet the expected risk;
2. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to practice portfolio investment consultancy, produces this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.