Jrities Resource and Environmental Research Centre Bulls Group (603195.sh) Increase (first rating)
Focus, great achievement is that the bull is a civil electric platform chemical tap. The company was founded in 1995 to expand its products from converters to wall switches, light, digital fittings, etc., and to sit on domestic converters.
The company builds a big electric power platform business model, expands its product base, focuses on finding a few industries with relatively low market penetration, and fully assesses whether they will be able to do so once they enter. The markets for consumer upgrades and industrial policy boosters and wall switches are growing steadily, and the company’s market is still on the rise.
The company responded to the trend of high-end personalization and intelligence in the market and caught the old and new country label converter, $19.2 billion, with 50% of the output. The company's location on the Decorative Switch was in the wall switch area, where the market showed two major trends: the downfall of the channel and the higher share of the project market, which was forecast by mir for 2019.
Companies have forged three core competitivenesss: brands and products are the basis, and channel power is the barrier. Brands: around consumer pains, bulls play a “no bad” and “safest” brand image.
The competition for Internet branded rice has increased at a firm price, highlighting the company’s high brand premium and accelerating the shift from traditional civilian electrician thinking to Internet thinking. Products: good product quality, supply chain capacity, combined with a culture of innovation in research and development, are strong. Companies have succeeded in creating “high quality-products”
Card power - product premiums - high profitability - continuous R & D inputs - constantly improving the quality of the virtuous cycle, guaranteeing sustainable development. Channels: Companies have established more than 2,300 distributors as of mid-2019 (several splits).
There are four distribution channels for hardware, professional, digital, power suppliers) and they cover a million-end channel, which can be subsided to the countryside and even to rural areas. The channel is deep-deeped through the “visiting” model, and through which hundreds of thousands of “shows” networks are created to create a deeply popular branding effect.
The company’s ipo offers 3.5 billion plus capacity expansion, research and development innovation, channel development, and brand promotion. Horizontal extension of leading areas such as led and power generators, tob customers’ channels to tap into growth potential.
Leading innovation and attracting young audiences through rejuvenation, fashionable new media and innovative marketing. (8621) 609353891, the transformer tap, returns performance to the upscaling trail.
Founded in 1995 as a converter business, the idea of “safe” was embedded in the heart and branded as a bull, under the slogan “manufacturing no-bad plugs.” In 2007-2018, the company moved across the business areas of extended walls, led lighting, digital accessories, etc., using the distribution of visits, electricity, etc.
The company officially landed on 6 February 2020. The product-based outreach strategy: the company focused on finding areas where the leading markets were relatively low and fully rated.
With the completion of the new bid switch, the price of raw materials fell, and performance returned to the high growth path in 2019.The business income of 2018/2019 was RMB 9,065 million (+25.2%) and RMB 10.40 billion (+10.8%), respectively.
The ratio of income from battalion operations conversions, wall switch plugs, led lighting, digital fittings operations, 2017-18, respectively, significantly reduced corporate combined Māori rates versus net interest rates due to higher prices of raw materials, increased sales of new low Māori products such as the introduction of new national tenders for converters, led lighting and digital accessories
7.4.8.5 pct, year-on-year 2017. New and old converters completed in 2019, home-made capacity increased, raw materials copper/abs/pp prices dropped markedly, companies recovered their profitability, performance grew back up. Thanks to the company’s relatively strong bargaining power downstream and the resulting “first-in-first-out” distribution.
In the same way, the company ' s accounts receivable as a percentage of operating income remained at less than 2.5 per cent (compared with 2 per cent in 2019) for a long period of time, showing good revenue quality, while the company ' s sales were mainly through distribution channels, resulting in a lower volume of 2/3 of inventory commodities and a long-term turnover of more than 6 per cent of the company ' s inventory (2019 figure).
Small domestic appliances include Coworth, Flying Electric, Supor, Xiaoyang, low-voltage appliances, including the power future, U-Da's intelligence, a clear and stable equity structure, and the absolute control of the Nguyen family to form a heart.
In addition, seven social capital items, such as high capital, were introduced, including 2.01 per cent of the capital stock. 12 fully-owned subsidiaries, wall switches, led lighting, digital accessories, etc.
Operation of Ningbo Bull, Bull Light Power, Bull Digital, with a clear structure and clear division of labour.2 The market for converters and wall switches is growing steadily over time, the company share is expected to grow further, the consumption market for converters is close to $20 billion, and the company’s share is expected to continue to rise.
In 1995, the bulls started with the converter business, and in 2019, the converter business continued to earn 50% of total income, followed by the firm’s good performance. Developments in the converter industry are linked to the company’s revenue level.
The market capacity of the converter industry is measured as follows.
Taking into account the profits of intermediate distributors and end-market outlets, and taking into account actual research under the line line, the estimated average end-to-end sales price for market-wide converters is 25-30 yuan per unit and the median end-to-end price is taken in the table below. (2) Total converter demand = population demand + replacement of office building stock + additions to office building + vendor
(b) Office buildings and commercial premises are measured on the basis of unit sales space, divided into additional and stock replacement needs.
Office buildings, commercial space for sale, assuming: (1) demand per 100 m for office buildings and commercial premises is 15 and 5 per 100 m, respectively; (2) demand for industrial enterprises and other applications is 5 per cent of total demand. (3) Safety and damage
The barriers, for example, usually a converter has a useful life of around 3-5 years, and we assume an average of four years to one. 4) Industrial enterprises and other needs account for 10% of the total converter market demand. Conclusion: in 2019, the total demand for converters, such as residents, real estate, commercial homes, etc., was 32.13 million.
The total market size is 17.3 billion yuan. In terms of demand structure, the demand for converters is dominated by the needs of the population, and large converter holdings present a greater demand for replacement than the new demand.
For 25 years, companies have acquired the advantage of a combination of marketing channels and channels, brands, technology, certification, and scalation. In 2017, companies seized the opportunity of the conversion of old and new countries.
Increased research and development for new products, harmonization of supply chain resources, and staffing of the converter marketing system resulted in a total turnover of about 345 million converters in 2019, operating income of $5.05 billion, an increase of 4.2 per cent over the same period, and a 50 per cent market share based on the volume of goods delivered.
The converter business has shown a trend of rising prices in recent years, driving the plate’s operating income to rise year by year. The cash cow profile of the converter business highlights the fact that business earnings and Maori rates are far ahead of competitors in the same industry, and the market share of the bull converter business is expected to increase further with the expansion of the yield advantage.
Corporate research and development has replaced the high-pressure switch with the high-end personalization and intelligent growth of the industry as a standard design that the industry has followed to date. In recent years, interpolated products have shown an intelligent, highly personalized upward trend in consumption, and consumers have become mobile to commercial travel.
In order to respond better to consumer demand, companies have continued to promote anti-power, anti-mine, anti-restrictive, anti-restrictive, anti-restrictive, etc.
New products such as child protection, anti-magnetic interference, rain-proofing, weak power combinations, smart wifi controls, etc., keep up with industry trends and maintain product competitiveness. 2.2 The wall switch market will show two major trends: the downfall of the channel and the overflow of the project market, with companies failing to do so.
Differential positioning and product expansion quickly became the industry’s leader, the wall-opening and plug-in markets sunk and the engineering market had greater potential. The switch-off markets were highly correlated with the housing, real estate, and as the real estate stock markets of the first and second-line cities saturated, the switch was turned on.
The plug industry has also entered a steady growth period, and according to mir's latest data, the size of the domestic market in 2019, the retail market for wall-opening plugs has encountered bottlenecks in the country's central cities. The industry has two trends: (1) sales channels have sunk into three or four-line cities.
390 million people, while below 3 lines and in rural areas the population is approaching 1 billion, housing and renovation needs are high, retail and engineering channels are sunk from the provincial to the local level, and district and township levels are expected to see accelerated penetration. As a result of the spread of the overall low-line market regulations, the role of local distributors is magnified, and companies with strong channels are better able to access quality.
As the number of house openings in the country continues to increase, the size of the packages will grow. In the future, real estate firms may increase the number of switch plugs and so on in order to achieve scale efficiency gains.
The intensive procurement of packages is expected to further unlock the growth potential of the engineering market. The company's “decoration switch” is positioned to open the market with a clear positioning of future products. The walls and converters are consumer goods in the civilian electric industry, with roughly the same structure as the industrial chain, mainly upstream raw materials/
Original components, manufacturing of medium-stream products, and downstream distribution channels. Bulls entered the area of wall switches in 2007, keenly sensed the consumer's need for decorative switches, moved into the market through the "design switch" product location, quickly breaking through industrial barriers, and attached to a more mature system of channels.
In the future, the company will strengthen its branding of “upholstered switches” and will work with top international industry masters to create light, fashion-based products, and to push intelligent switches up.
The company has a stable market top1 with multiple advantages such as deep distribution, differential positioning, product expansion, etc. In response to the wall switch rate, we have found data from two research institutions, with 13.7% of the bull in the wall open market in 2017, ranking first, according to mir.
Cr.8 was 45.6 per cent in 2019, an increase of 2.4 pcts over 2018, industry concentration is still increasing, and leading companies such as bulls continue to strengthen their position. In 2019, the business income from bull walls opened was $3.21 billion, an increase of 14.7 per cent, with an average untaxed unit price of approximately $7.14 per unit, and, according to industry research, the average terminal sales price of bull walls opened was based on average sales prices.
Ten dollars is calculated (end prices increase by about 40% on the basis of taxes on the company's output), and we estimate that the company is growing at a high rate. In 2017, the company's wall switches went on a “decreat” route, with a 109.0% increase in the price of differentiated decorative switches and a significant increase in the overall sales of wall switches.
44.6 per cent long; the overall economic environment is poor, companies have increased the marketing of white switches at lower unit prices, and the class of white switches has been expanded at an accelerated pace, while a significant increase in sales has been achieved, with a total operating income of $2.8 billion in 2018, an increase of 20.5 per cent.
2.3 The upgrading of the end-market consumption has triggered a rise in the demand for converters and wall-opening products, as well as favourable policies that have led to the opening of the wall, the expansion of disposable income throughout the country, and the rise in demand for consumer-up-stimulating converters and wall-opening products.
Over the years, with the rapid rate of urbanization and the rapid growth of the regional economy, the country’s income and consumption levels have gradually increased, and the upgrading of end-market consumption will lead to the upgrading of products and a steady increase in the size of the market. The real estate and renovation industries have steadily expanded, driving the construction of wall switches to continue to grow.
In China, real estate developers have contributed tremendously to the construction of the country’s infrastructure, and the size of its new buildings has maintained a trend of shock, benefiting the wall-opening and plug-in industry. At the same time, the renovation industry has maintained a good growth trend, and since 2018, large real-estate developers such as Huanko, Paulie, and Bei Qui Park have announced that
Entering the renovation market will inject new energy and ideas into the domestic renovation industry. Healthy ecology: according to Oviun, in order to maintain good and healthy growth in the industry, it will also contribute to the positive development of the wall-opening plugs industry.
In 10 years' time, the need for renovation or renovation will be released gradually.3 Brands and products are at the root: craftsmen build “high” technical qualities and “safe” 3.1 “no bad” or “safest” positions that are simple and deep, and achieve good slogans at an early stage more quickly.
The question of "safe" labels has always been an industry pain point. According to the fire department, about 30% of the fires in the country in the last 10 years have been caused by plugs and are the first of many causes of the fires.
From the beginning of the tour, the strategy of “making a good plug” was to bring the concept of “safe” to the hearts and minds of the people as a brand label for the bull, and the major corporate events and honours of 1995-2008 were closely linked to the terms “safe” and “quality”. This brand positioning strategy also enabled the company to take ownership of the low-end manufacturing field of converters.
Chart 30: Corporate honours are closely related to “safe” branding campaigns that are equally precise around “safe”, effectively deepening the brand image and increasing their impact:
Underline: Initially, the company set up large-scale hardware stores, supermarkets, grocery stores, etc., while setting up a net of sales under the line, refurbishing the store free of charge to install its own billboards and gradually extending the green billboard to low-line cities.
Online: During Spring 2010, a 10-second ad was placed on the public eye, presenting the concept of “protecting appliances, protecting people” as a safe bull, successfully creating the brand image of “most secure” spots. The brand advertising platform was expanded from television.
To high-speed, metro stations, and Internet platforms. Chart 31: Bull brand advertising at different times succeeded in creating "High Quality - Brand Power - Product Prices - High Profit - Continuous Research and Development Inputs - Increasing Quality."
"Safe" products are high-quality, technologically supported by companies, which, through successful branding campaigns, capture high-quality slogans from industry and the general public, raise brand premiums and profitability, and allow companies to further increase their R & D inputs to produce more high-quality and rich products.
The competition with Mi highlights the company’s high brand bargaining power while demonstrating its multi-dimensional advantages in terms of products, publicity, costs and channels.
The Internet and traditional brand competition ended at the same price as the bulls, highlighting the company’s higher brand bargaining power. The lower price of a magic plug with $49 in 2015 hit the company.
The end advantage achieves a lower price of $48 and a higher level of security, while at the same time investing in the power source and combining it with the advantage of traditional channels, making it possible to reverse the sale of new products and gradually raise the price of the product to $59 (the price of the rice is always 49), and to achieve a higher price.
Production capacity, dependence on suppliers, weak control over goods, power for the future (mille plug-in for business and industry) increased by the same ratio to 7% in 2018. Multidimensional competition caused differences in the market position of bulls and mills in converters.
The company has 25 years of converter business experience, and is better placed to capture market pains and user needs. Quality, brand, cost and channel together create high barriers and moats: Quality: bulls focus on product details and user experience. Bulls and millet are extremely present.
Similar, but the bull plug switch is a micro-key switch similar to a smartphone, with a cut-off response time of only 0.5 milliseconds. The millet product uses a jmb switch, which is long and short-lived.
• Marketing: Bulls are well aware of market needs and are accurate in creating brand images. The plug boards are about electricity security, low price sensitivity, and consumers are willing to pay a premium for quality. The "23 Years of Accumulation" focus on quality and professionalism is better than the "art" focus of Mi's campaign.
Although the prices of bull products are generally higher than the competitive ones, they do not prevent their sales from expanding. Precision-making brand images help companies raise the volume of their products while at the same time generating a premium for their products.
Figure 38: Official Bull White, Rice Poster, branding focuses differently Cost: Differences in business models between home-made and surrogates result in significant cost differences.
Weakness and difficult to accumulate: 3) relative size advantage. The bull converter has a significantly higher rate of Maori than the mill power future (10 pcts).
Low prices, relatively high purchasing frequency, and the spread of the customer’s market with some fast-disposal properties. Thus, the market below the bull line adopts a fast-moved “visit sales” marketing model that rapidly increases the coverage of off-line sales outlets by offering services to meet the customer’s near-purchase demand.
On the other hand, the company split profits almost equally with the middle distributor, the door shop, and formed a stable partnership. In 2019, the company converted with a tax bid of $16.6, the average terminal selling price of $30-35 was estimated to be 30-40 per cent higher than the dealer's selling price, and the store selling price was increased.
A step-by-step 35-60%, Māori spaces in intermediate distribution channels and terminals above $15, elimination of cost and value-added tax impacts, almost equal distribution of profits between companies and intermediate distributors and terminal channels, and sales momentum.
There may be a chain of wholesalers, distributors, etc., which is well thought out, user-oriented, moving from traditional civil electrician thinking to Internet thinking. This encounter with Mi inspired company management to move away from entrenched traditional thinking to user-oriented Internet thinking.
In order to understand and study changing market demand and usage habits, companies have created consumer-friendly research teams for fast-track consumer goods such as bounties. In 2016, the Department proposed a “digital excellence strategy” and, in 2020, focused on home-based smart households.
In product design, R & D, and replication, the company’s interest in products has grown from initial safety, durability, to specialization, individualization, fashion, value added and use.
3.3. Quality of good products, supply chain capacity, combined with a culture of innovation in research and development, makes products more competitive.
In the case of product safety issues, the company maintains a high-quality strategy, which is reflected mainly in the real material of the bull's product. 1) Converter casings use 750°C flame retardation pc materials, passing the heat test required by the new national flag: 2) power lines use iec53rvv, capable of bearing 300v/500v voltage loads: 3)
The plugs apply the best conductive new brass and one-size-fits-all structures to reach 5,000 plugs, and (4) all key components, such as internal transformers, capacitors, fuses, charge-recognition chips, should be complete enough to produce the right currents and allow the equipment to be charged better and faster.
The bull converter is “top-down” from the outside to the inside, with high quality for 25 years. 3.3.23 The company focuses on innovation in product research and development.
Depending on the R & D input, in 2009, the company spent 10 million on the establishment of a high standard professional laboratory accredited by the most authoritative security testing and testing agency in the United States, ul International Professional Certification Organization (IPOA), a bold and unprecedented industry initiative that laid the tone for a company's long-term approach to technology development.
In terms of the structure of R & D costs, the research and development focus of the company has always been in the area of converters and wall switches, which in the long run has helped to consolidate its dual leader status, but the combined share of led and digital accessories in 2019 was 20 per cent for the first time.
In 2001, the company worked with the multinational electric giants Philips, Siemens, etc., while actively learning from each other’s advanced technology and management models. After more than 20 years of accumulation, the company now has product planning, development, listing, management.
Companies have specialized product planning and engineering teams, working on specific aspects of market research, client interviews, demand insights, etc.
By the end of 2019, companies had accumulated 940 patent authorizations, 400 of which had been patented in 2019, 249 of which had been patented, and had participated in the drafting of more than 40 national, industry and group standards.
3.3.3 Supply chain capacity: equipment, process optimization, technology and cost barriers are compounded
The development of new product lines and increased automated manufacturing processes has been accompanied by an increasing level of self-manufacturing and, while it has brought with it an increase in labour and manufacturing costs, in the long run it has contributed more to the decline in materials and overall costs, creating space for increasing product Māori and achieving profitability.
Figure 48: Cost composition: Manpower, Increased Manufacturing Costs Figure 49: Increasing levels of self-manufacturing in the process Recent years have seen companies raise their own technical barriers, mainly in terms of equipment and processes.
In the area of equipment, companies have introduced in recent years a large number of automated production lines and assembly equipment, mechanics, and flexible production models for “human-plane blending” with the aim of building an automated plant.
In terms of process, for digital equipment operations, the company has significantly reduced manufacturing costs through various measures such as design optimization, promotion of insignia and self-assembly, creating space for lower product prices and higher profitable water on average. Process improvement and optimization can improve product quality and improve efficiency.
Production efficiency, with increased production, effectively reduces the unit cost of the product. Figure 50: In 2018, a simultaneous per capita profit-making backlash began.
See, converter products, which are more mature in business, expand their self-production capabilities to allow companies to plan supply chains according to market dynamics, and, in the case of led lighting and digital accessories, as they are still in the market opening phase, companies are mainly promoting oems to achieve rapid listing of new products.
The project, which is mainly home-grown, will also gradually increase, further reduce the cost of driving, and increase the profit margin.
Channels are barriers: a deep distribution system built by a million-class network to create the strongest competition, with 4.1 sales dominated by distribution, while expanding direct and outward sales.
Goods. For a long time, the most outstanding treasures in the fast consumer industry and Unilever are known as the distribution channels for the deep distribution of traditional circuits. After 2010, fast consumer goods began to adapt to social development trends and large-scale power suppliers.
After more than a decade of growth, the company distribution network covers 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country, covering basically all the county markets, distribution channels and points, and there are a wide variety of features, such as supermarkets, home power stores, electronic cities, hardware stores, etc.
The distribution system is mature, the distribution volume is growing steadily, and the company is benefiting from it. By establishing a flat distribution system, the company sells the distributors in a buyout. The distribution, as the most important marketing model and channel of the Department, is organized and operated in a manner that directly determines whether the company has the capacity to do so.
The company distribution system consists of a converter, a wall switch plug, a three-tier system for the distribution of digital accessories and a system for distribution on the line, with subregional exclusive distribution within the three-tier system. In terms of the public marketing structure, the company established a joint marketing centre with a converter (penal) channel, walls open.
Turn off (professional) channels, digital channels, and electrical channels, respectively, for the distribution of their respective channels. It must be noted that Led does not have an independent channel, alternative products such as bulbs are slided into the converter channel, while products purchased during the renovation phase, such as lamps, lamps, etc., are placed into the wall switch.
Like fast consumer goods companies, companies combine distribution and direct sales. Direct sales under the company lines include traditional commercial superchannels, which operate directly in conjunction with large country chains such as Carrefour, Da-Yun, Wal-Mart, Medellón. The model is adopted in spite of the small amount of sales converters and wall switches in large chains.
In addition to the traditional business superchannels, the company created a direct marketing system in Shanghai - the Shanghai Bull Electric Company Ltd. - which sells directly to the end point, and the Shanghai region is usually used as a pilot site for new marketing and marketing models.
The same complex channels of EPP lighting, and real-thai appliances use a hierarchical channel model, while the owner uses a flat- level distribution model. The two companies with the most advanced distribution channels for lighting and low-pressure appliances are Europe.
The general lighting, orthopaedic appliances are based on a multi-level distributor model, where first-level distributors can take the goods directly from the manufacturer, other distributors can take the goods from the first-level dealer, and the goods flow down in an orderly manner throughout the distributor's channel. The bull is the first-level dealer structure, and all distributors take the goods directly from the company.
The model allows the company to implement a single price and marketing policy directly to all distributors. It also allows precision 4.2 companies to have a million-level terminal, and there is still room for further downfall. The number of distributors in the company has risen steadily in recent years, with more than 2,300 distributors already covering millions.
The number of company distributors has continued to rise from 1913 in 2016 to more than 2,300, owing to the creation of the digital component distributor system in 2017 and the opening of online distribution channels, on the one hand, and the continued downswing of the channels and the regional fine-tuning tubes that the company began in 2012 on the other.
As of 30 June 2019, there were 472, 1569, 379 distributors of converters, walls and digital accessories, and coverage of 7.31 million converter terminals, 109,000 wall switches and 136,000 digital accessories terminals was completed.
Lately, however, the number of distributors now far exceeds the number of converters, and according to China’s fourth-tier administrative division, we have ruled that the wall switch operators have sunk to the county area, while the converters have largely sunk to the city.
The company has been promoting the breakdown and sinking of the distribution units since 2012, and the entire distribution network has been fine-tuned, with 1 million end-user outlets available to date. Of these, the most mature converter operations terminals have covered municipalities, counties, towns, and even parts of rural areas across the country.
There are about 20,000 lighting outlets, some of which have already taken the lead in sinking to the township light shop. The average sales of individual sites have increased year by year, as a result of careful maintenance of the terminal. Based on 25 years of intensive work on pipeline construction, the company has built a wide range of distributors in the field of major electricians.
The number of major electrical terminals can reach about 1.5 million in ideal conditions. According to research such as McKinsey's criteria for the division of Chinese cities, we divide all Chinese cities into one line, one line, two lines, and five lines. In order to avoid double counting, we divide a city into a city, a county, and a county.
We are further divided into counties and towns, and we are divided into main streets and suburban villages; together with the urban population, we calculate the proportion of the urban population at different levels: with the different city and city levels and the corresponding size of the population, we can cover the population through a single network, one.
In the end, we calculated the total number of sites in our cities, towns (counties, districts), villages, 568,000, 278,000, and 625,000, bringing the total number of terminal points to 1.47 million. The company now covers about 1 million effective sites, meaning that there is still about 50% of the room for improvement in the future.
In addition to optimized encryption of terminal sites, much more should come from the further downfall of the channels. 4.3 Fine tillage channels, innovative introduction of “visit sales” and “stores” to increase terminal coverage and publicity. Companies will adapt the annual tasks of distributors to the dynamics of the situation and set appropriate incentive policies.
The company makes a comprehensive assessment of the economic and market differences between cities, regions, and reasonably carefully sets the target for each year and distributes the sales indicators to the distributor, after which it periodically evaluates the objectives of the distributor and the development of the point of sale, with the corresponding sales discounts and other incentives and penalties.
If the dealer fulfils the annual sales target, the company will give the dealer a return-point incentive based on a percentage of the withdrawal (approximately 5-10 per cent large) and the return-point incentive can be obtained immediately or used to offset subsequent withdrawals.
Good business models and management of channels shape super-high turnover rates for receivables. The company’s closing pattern is mainly “prior payments” – only some of the accounts receivable that exist may have direct customers, and the corporate accounts receivable turnover rate of 49.2 times/year in 2019 is significantly better than comparable companies.
Under- and off-line dealers purchase and sell goods from companies, and the return must follow the principle of first-to-execution and then return the goods, and the non-receipt of the non-requirement that has not been required to do so. In 2016, 2017 and 2018, the return of sales as a percentage of sales proceeds was 0.2 per cent and 0.2 per cent, respectively, of sales proceeds.
At 0.27% and 0.22%, the share is extremely low and largely stable. In addition, the third-party repayment income of the company distributors adheres to a mutually beneficial win with the distributors and gives the distributors multi-dimensional support.
The director himself, through the provision of personal loans and a small amount of credit support from the distributor, has effectively eased some of the dealers’ financial constraints. The company has always followed a mutually beneficial win-win path with the distributors and has worked together to share the business development belt.
Figure 65: The company's preferential policies for distributors are aggressive and innovative, and the bulls move from the original “sitting” to the “sales”
Phase one, "Sitting" to "run" like a fast-discharge mode. The first bull dealer usually owns a hardware store, and there's a lot of smaller hardware stores or scavengers besides retailing.
I used to work for a short time with a global leader in fast-moving consumer goods, and fast-dismantling manufacturers need to keep abreast of product and market trends, consumer psychology, so distributors tend to distribute coke, laundry powder and other products to the terminal point for free in their traditional tt-channels.
Coca-Cola is supposed to be the best stick in this field around the world, and Unilever has developed a "caravan" model in the Chinese market, driving caravans to rural areas where they interact with consumers in a friendly manner, in order to achieve the "one-stop" sales of daily washing, personal washing, ice cream, food, etc.
It was inspired by the business model of a Coca-Cola delivery car that Chairman Nguyen Lippeing extended to the bulls through in-depth research. Starting in 2005, the bull dealer turned from sitting in the store to being in charge of various channels within the jurisdiction.
Figure 68: Unilever's "Travel" rural road show Figure 67: Coca-Cola Distribution Vehicle Phase II: Elimination of the provincial distribution system and administration of flat- level dealers.
In order to reduce the flow time of products in transit and speed up their delivery to the terminal distribution point, the company cancelled provincial distributors and set up municipal distributors in each local municipality with the capital, personnel, and excellent customer resources. The change was first piloted in Beijing and Shandong, where Beijing was dismantled from one dealer to 14 distributors.
After doubling sales in Beijing and Shandong in the same year, the national system of deep distribution services was completed within three years, “one market, one market, one market,” which began with the company moving on on on the basis of “trader”, as the distributors and points of deep distribution subsided.
One step is the introduction of the “visiting” model, whereby dealers regularly distribute, deliver, visit services and marketing methods for the terminal points using special vehicles and along planned fixed routes. Specifically, the distributors will learn about the sale of different products at the terminal point when they arrive.
Good or bad, on the other hand, will help the shop to sort out the displays and the goods, ensure that the bull displays the size, visibility and beauty of the pages, manage them very well through distribution, etc., and maintain a high level of relationship and trust between the distributors and the terminal network.
Create a vast and mature network of “shows” and bull appliances. It's good tillage channels and marketing channels that start thinking about branding forms other than traditional TVs and paper-based media, and the “shows” become a final choice, with huge distribution networks and channels sinking deep, and the company starts.
To help the hardware store owners and the subsequent light shop, the digital apparel shop to install a free front shop offer (see figures 69, 70) and the interior decorative board (see figure 71). In the field, we found that the bulls had been selling containers in recent years in some of the light shop, the digital apparel shop terminal, for one time only.
When the arrival reaches the target amount, the bulls will provide free of charge a number of containers with the “Digital parts of the bull”, the “Cow Decorative Switch” (see figure 72). Why do the bulls choose the “buyer” model?
The resource is a hardware store, and it's a good branding of "the hardware store has the bulls, the bulls have the hardware store," and it's probably more exciting than watching the millions of levels of advertising that don't matter.
Why is the bull “show” far ahead? With a vast distribution net, bulls can reach hundreds of thousands of terminals in the hardware market, and hardware channels are mostly small, unknown brands, single shops, usually smaller, and channels, brands, and money are far less powerful than bulls, so let's say.
When the bulls take the lead and quickly take possession of these hardware stores, it is hard for other brands to be able to make a big deal, and for terminal network owners, it's easier for them to accept a big branding suit like bull appliances, which is well known. And when the company first created more than 100,000 stores, the industry's acceptance will go in.
Chart 69: Bulls form hundreds of thousands of gold, decorated lamps, digital shops.
Figure 71: Bull grabs in advertising, channels, product expansion and marketing innovations in various types of end shops combined to stimulate growth, and it is expected that the range of 5.1 products will grow even further and stimulate growth potential
5.1.1led: The brand channels work together, and led quickly grows to be a new performance-driven growth horizontally, using existing channels to extend horizontally. Cutting into the led opens up incremental space. The bulls are a domestic converter, a walled firm of absolute leaders, and deep sediments in the two business plates also open for the bulls horizontally.
In 2014, the company sold "Eye" as a core product, formally entered the led market, did not allocate modifier and wall open channels to simultaneous distribution of modules, hardware, convenience stores, etc., for a transferer channel for a cost-free terminal, recombined with the characteristics of high-frequency replacement products such as bubble lamps, lamps, building materials, etc.
In 2019, the Led lighting camp received $984 million, an increase of 32.8 per cent, leading all production lines, and the percentage of revenue continues to rise to 9.8 per cent.
Global light penetration continues to rise, and individualized domestic markets, like light, continue to grow. The global light market maintained a double-digit growth rate of 53.9% in eight years between 2009 and 2017. The global light penetration rate rose to 37.6% compared to overseas.
China ' s led lighting market, which was 26.5% in 2010-2018, was lower than the overseas market, but maintained high growth. In 2018, the domestic led application market reached 608 billion yuan, an increase of 13.8%. We expect that the trend to replace traditional led lamps will continue in the future, and consumers will love their eyes.
Individualized demand is also expected to raise average unit prices in the market, contributing to a sustained increase in the size of the domestic lighting application of the led. The imitation of chips, encapsulation, and application of the led application market, which includes universal lighting, backlight applications, etc.
From 2016 onwards, the foreign giants Philips, Oslan, General Lights, etc. retreated out of the Chinese market, providing a space and opportunity for local lighting companies to develop, but in practice the national production license in 2018 was only about 2.5%.
The application rate is 44%, and the led penetration rate refers to 37% worldwide in 2017.
The industry chain consists of upper- and upper-stream chips, middle- and middle-stream encapsulation manufacturing, and downstream application lamps. The company ' s led lighting product is located below the production chain, increasing the self-contained ratio of spare parts and processes in the bull ' s business (2020).
The company ' s ipo fund-raising project, which includes 180 million reed lamps produced annually, will further upgrade supply chain control, which has achieved a reduced profit), plus scale-up, which will increase the bargaining power of the company ' s overall industrial chain. 9.3 per cent), with a record high of 35.1 per cent in 2019 and higher than in 2016.
The market share of Bullled will continue to grow at a high rate, making it one of the most important drivers of bull performance. Leed’s large market size and rising penetration provide ample room for corporate business development, and the Division will continue to promote innovation in decorative lighting, light design, and smart product design to better address consumer behaviour.
The combined advantages of the company ' s hardware, building materials and light shop channels will continue to support the production of led products and the experience of the bulls in spreading the market among the participants.
The market for digital accessories is less mature, fragmented and variable. With the rapid spread of mobile Internet, mobile data terminals, such as mobile phones, the demand for digital accessories has surged, reaching 25.8 per cent in 2015-2018 for cagr, and more than $1 billion in 2018 for domestic sales of digital accessories.
Relatively low entry thresholds lead to a fragmented pattern of competition in the market. Depending on qualifications, the suppliers of spare parts can be broadly classified as three categories: 1) the original cellular provider; 2) the official authorized army of the manufacturer; 3) other small-scale producers. The quality of the products of the different manufacturers varies, and the market is characterized by a large number of small-scale laboratories.
High-end, high-quality positioning is strong, and bulls are expected to reshape the industry. In 2016, the Bulls Entering Agency market for digital accessories, positioning the “goods” and focusing on high-end chargers. The Bull Data Line has now been certified as an official certification of pelican fruit, meeting the technical upgrades recommended by first-line mobile phone manufacturers, such as apples, and future bulls.
There are 130,000 distribution points in the bull’s digital component business, which are now accompanied by more penetration of the mobile Internet, as well as subsidence demand for digital component products such as chargers and power connections.
At the present time, the country has more than 600 million sunk market users, and mobile Internet users are growing at a faster rate than non-sunk market users, while at the same time generating demand for digital components such as usb plugs, data lines, chargers, car chargers, mobile power sources, etc., adding to the mature sales of bulls' existing converters, wall-opening operations, etc.
The market for sales is expected to be a new profit growth point. 5.1.3 Smart households: strategic setting, cloud-platform-equipment eco-linkages.
Home-based devices are connected to each other, providing user-friendly and safe use experiences, and are an important direction for future home-based devices, as well as an important component of the Internet. In 2019, "intellectual plus" appeared for the first time in government work, highlighting the importance of intelligent households in the Internet industry.
As an important industry in the Internet, Internet companies and traditional power giants have entered the market. For example, the technological standards and quality control system in the former home-based smart-house market are inadequate, the equipment is less compatible, the industry is not yet mature, and competition is fragmented, but the country can be divided into roughly three ladders: Bat leads the country.
We're in the game, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business, we're in the business.
Hale, Meri, Gri, Hysin, the smart home chain is made up of upstream hardware and hardware, middle-stream control systems, and downstream equipment. Within the global context, the smart home market has expanded steadily, with 190 million households having smart systems/sets in 2018.
Intelligent enablement, where traditional converters build smart home ecology from the bottom up. Convertors, walls, switch plugs are important entry points for smart households, and the company has now set up the Smart House Department, which will be a smart owner.
An important strategic deployment as the company ' s future, around which electricity is used intelligently, takes the lead from the product end-to-end, successfully pushing out the end hardware of smart plugs, light controls, and developing electronic timers, electronic countdowns, wifi smart converters, full coverage of basic time and high-end electricity statistics, company up-to-line integration in 2019.
Smart iot platforms, with phased results in the front-loading market. Over the next three years, companies will focus on home-wide smart home products and solutions. On the one hand, they will speed up the intellectual upgrading of converters, wall switches, led products, and promote new products like smart door locks as soon as possible; on the other hand, they will focus on building compatible intelligence.
The company has the combined advantages of technology, channels, brands, certification, and scalability to form an ecological system of “cloud plus platforms plus smart terminals.” 5.2 Electric power providers, large customer channels, combine to open up new opportunities for growth.
5.2.1 Prospective exploitation of the value of power suppliers, widening the c-end sales circuits Rapid expansion of power suppliers’ channels has contributed to high income growth. The rise of electricity consumers’ Internet consumption patterns in recent years has become an important source of goods for C-end consumption.
Teams, which form the consumption model of the official direct-line + professional distributors, are fully integrated into the Skycat, Pate, Kyouta, and PSC platforms. The forward-looking power provider consumption channels have been very effective.
According to Intelligence News, in 2019, the market share of company converter products on Skycat platforms was 65.3 per cent, and it was first and foremost: the market share of walled products on Skycat platforms was 28.1 per cent.
For the second year in a row, the number one, the number one, the number one, and the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number of the number one, the number one, the number of the number.
The total value of the net was 110 million yuan, a 31 per cent increase from the previous year, breaking a record record. 5.2.2 responded to new developments at the end of which the market for large clients was expanded.b The penetration rate of the finer ones has continued to rise, with the large clients of real estate being the main buyers of construction equipment, such as walls.
In 2019, the country’s real estate industry reached 28.4% by 10.4%, and in the last three years it increased by 10 pct. Thanks to the high appliance rate of the head real estate company, the concentration of the real estate industry has increased, and the proportion of condensed dwellings directly increased. In 2018, the proportion of home-loaded dwellings reached 23.6%, nearly twice the rate in 2012.
After completing the layout of the national service node, in 2016, the bulls’ banners were turned on and lighted. The company was able to open up the market for large customers, such as real estate, renovation companies, furniture, etc.
Over the past three years, the company has focused more on nurturing large customer markets and gradually working on engineering cooperation. In the 100-Power real estate sector, the company works with Huanko, Heng Dae, Beguien Garden, Pearl River Estate, Win and Real Estate, and Chang.
In 2019, the company further developed the gold-land group, the consummated estates, and entered into a partnership with companies such as Sofia, Europa, Quakers, and others in the field of embedded products.
A total of 84 real estate companies and more than 100,000 renovation companies have been established.
Requests that products such as exclusive converters, accessories, etc. be set up to work closely with downstream customers. 5.3 Research and development continue to guarantee product gravity, diversity marketing sustains the brand power of bulls 5.3.1 Seizes the boom in consumption and creates new technological advantages in the "4+1" industry
With the advantage of integrated technology, companies boost single prices and Māori rates by upgrading new products and products technology. As noted in section 3.3, firms have experienced double-digit growth in R & D costs in recent years, and R & D rates have remained stable overall and are at a high level in the industry.
Convergence, price competition and emerging markets, the 2016-2019 converters, led lighting, walls, switch plugs all show up in volume, leading the terminal upgrading trend.
In recent years, companies have continued to introduce new products that are resistant to electricity surges, mines, stripping, child protection, resistance to electromagnetic interference, rain-proofing, weak power combinations, smartwifi controls, etc., and maintain product competitiveness. The introduction of new and old-country bid conversions in 2017 has forced companies to passively raise prices (2019 unit prices compared to the end of 2016).
An increase of 15.2% in unit prices to cover the rising cost of materials, a sharp decline in the price of bulk raw materials in 2019 and a small increase in the value of company products, led to a sharp increase in the Māori ratio of 2019 by 5 percentage points to 38.20% in the same year. The increase in unit prices as a result of product upgrading was also conducive to attracting more “special needs” for use.
Led lighting: the company is gradually moving from low-power to high-power products. led lighting.
The grids have all turned down, but the trend continues with high-power bulb lamps and high-value new products such as lamps, dosing caps, flat-line lamps, etc. The year-long average price rises to $10.4 and the medium- and long-term price rises again.
New materials, new processes and new technologies are applied in the area of switches and, at the same time, companies have introduced and autonomously developed a large number of domestic and foreign leading production processing and testing equipment, such as interimr membrane reprinting equipment, double-colouring, which ensures the high quality of products and efficiency of production.
Together with the increase in unit prices by 11.37% to $7.11 in the year that pushes the wall to sell it. The research and development objectives for new products will move toward multi-type, refined, personalized, and intelligent products.
In 2018, the company implemented a number of projects, such as a condensed plug-in, a smart web-wi-fi methodology study and application. In the future, the company will continue to build research and development centres for new products, research and development and testing of new technologies, building technological advantages in the “4+1” industry, i.e. converters, wall switches, led lighting, digital accessories.
Four industries have upgraded technology + bull smart home products and solutions. 5.3.2 Marketing strategies are diversified, online and offline interactively maintain bull branding power. Traditional marketing is precisely placed and transitions to rejuvenation, fashion, and internationalization of emerging marketing instruments.
Based on the composition of the sales fee, the company ' s advertising fee reached a high point in 2017, mainly because in 2017, the company increased the amount of advertising input for wall switches on television, high-iron channels, and gradually adjusted its marketing strategy to increase the brand of cattle decoration switches from multiple platforms and channels throughout the country.
In addition, the company’s strategy has significantly reduced the input of television advertising, which in turn has increased the exploration of new media outlets, as reflected in lower advertising costs and higher electricity provider costs. The change in costs has meant a shift in the company’s marketing strategy, from reliance on traditional media, such as television, to a shift to new media on the Internet.
Precision marketing in the physical field. Chart 99: The share of advertising fees and business income has shown a downward trend in recent years
Figure 101: In 2018 and 2019, in the form of high-iron advertising, 5 major railway stations, car advertisements covered 23 provinces and cities, 156 trains, 357 stops.
By the station. The station advertisements cover 34 spots in 13 high-iron stations, starting with entertainment marketing, sports marketing, and bulls constantly trying to change the stereotypes of traditional electricians.
By joining forces with the United States Chicago Bulls, by sponsoring the World Cup during the Russian World Cup, by calling it "The Challenge Law", "The Good Livers", and by working across the border with the Hollywood Animation film "The Bull's Adventure", the Bulls built a whole new bull for "more than just producing the Box."
The brand image has raised the international profile of the Bull brand.
Bulls are involved in sports marketing, bulls are branded, bulls work together, and they're on the edge of the Gargo Bulls' main field, baskets.
The general sports marketing model of the Chicago Prince and the Led light on the audience, with the Xue Xing agent.
Fifa's series of hand-to-hand new Fifaonline 4 and Fifa Football World launched a series of cross-border marketing collaborations in June-July 2018.
Bulls and Stings (Russian World Cup partner brands, at major events, showcasing a series of personalized bull digital accessories products, and
In addition, the bulls organize a series of online and offline activities and provide World Cup-related services.
In June 2017, seven bulls marched for entertainment and then sponsored the Orient Guards, the Bulls sponsored the heat.
month: April 2018 - Seeing the Law of the Challenge and The Good Mush. Bulls presented a cross between the well-known cartoons in the film.
Bulls and Hollywood products. Besides, Bulls and Cats Flag Shops and a lot of live animations.
For online channels, the bulls follow the same lines as the bulls.
There is a strategic collaboration between 12 Internet companies, such as the Vankot family decorator, the Internet, and the mushrooms. The Internet+ and Big Data have accompanied the wave. In recent years, for example, the electric merchants have been fighting for the "Seven Eleven" war. The Bulls Convergence Station promotes and attracts potential consumers by stepping on platforms such as Skycats and Kyoutung.
In 2019, the bulls focused their attention on moving out of the station, focusing on the young consumers outside the grass.
Reuse applications from new generations of people to feed into the station from the outside, through the creation of the Year of Innovative Content Radiation, a light user group that deepens the consumer’s perception of the brand’s rejuvenation. From the point of view of online marketing, the bulls keep up with the times and markets.
Chart 103: The new media marketing model for bulls has targeted content, covering a wide range of audiences.
Five official accounts, the Bull Digital Parts, the Bulls Group Electronic Commerce Centre, and so on, have 560,000 followers. The marketing method attracts a large number of fans, using graphics, fun videos, kol, etc.
In terms of marketing content, the bulls have a multiplatform strategy, using the household characteristics of the different platforms, to modify the content of the announcement, basically to the extent that the consumer community is at large.
Figure 104: The case of Bull's new media marketing, out-of-the-post socialization, together with the Breath,
And I was shocked by the ads of a young, user-oriented group of fans, v-to-products or brands.
And the video is focused on female users, and it's cute, and it's a guide to content bias.
Little red books and strategies, while users harvest practical dry goods, promote bulls as fun as cows.
Frequency, with live viewing plus binary effects, in an easy, fun-paced way, restored.
After 90 years of work, recreation and life for the young population, and after 90 years of consumption for the young population, it's not possible to make a difference.
In a well-known short video of bulls combined with a canned video of the provider, they pushed Bilibili out of "Go, go, go."
A series of viruses, like Plan, have been viewed with frequency, and the platform has aired more than 30 million times over the Internet.
On the one hand, it's in line with the preheating, pre-buying, back-to-field marketing rhythms, and the pitcher.
On the other hand, on Micro-Snap Channel, we publish the book.
Check, the stop that attracts the possum is designed for deep-seated users, over and over, over and over, to answer questions, draw prizes, and receive.
Converter business: converter business is the company's core profitable business and is a durable civilian consumer product, as a result of the slowdown in macroeconomic and consumer growth in 2019 and the upgrading of the new national tender in 2017.
The impact of the product upgrading transition has largely ended, with the business earning $5.05 billion in 19 years, an increase of 4.24 per cent. Corporate converters are industry leaders, strong and strong, and industry concentration is expected to increase continuously. In addition to increased use, product upgrading will also be a central factor in income growth.
In the long run, the country’s electricity retention will continue to expand, and market demand will remain steady upwards. In 2020, the epidemic will create considerable uncertainty about market sales this year, but at the same time, high-priced products from companies will increase by 5 pct mainly because of falling prices for bulk materials, and raw materials should not be subject to large fluctuations.
Wall switches plug-in operations: The company ' s wall switch plug-in business consists mainly of decorating switches and white switches, which are the company ' s preferred product for differentiated positioning, after a significant 45% increase in revenue in 2017 to see that the sales ratio of fashion switches will continue to rise in the context of rising consumption trends. The company ' s wall switch industry will continue to grow.
At the bottom of the line, there are 100,000 distribution points, and there is a greater potential to expand access to low- and medium-level markets and large-scale households, with a further increase in the number of companies. At the demand side, despite the tightening of national real estate regulations and policies in recent years, the area of new start-up houses continued to grow in 2018-2019.
With the high level of automatic production of wall switches and the ability to control costs, we judge that the Māori rate will continue the led lighting business: the market has a high medium- and long-term view, and the domestic led lighting industry is expanding as positive factors, such as the continued growth of the global led lighting penetration rate and China ' s red lighting policy, continue to grow.
Large, combined with the withdrawal of traditional lighting poles from overseas, the company’s share of local taps has also increased. The company’s led lighting business, driven by its class and channel, is currently at a high rate of growth, yielding 980 million yuan, an increase of 32.8 per cent, compared to the 32.8 per cent: the company’s led lighting line will continue to grow.
The ratio of rich and high-power products has been rising, with new items such as economic smallpox lamps, candlelights, high-power lamps, decorating dosages, etc. in 2019 already entering the test stage: Channels: the company ' s led business is based on existing well-established underline sales channels, such as converters and wall switches, and will go further to the lower and middle ends.
Large customer market openings: we expect revenue growth in the light business of the Led between 2020 and 2022 Digital accessories: the digital parts business is expanding, corporate strategy is shifting from high-end positioning to mainstream markets, at the expense of unit prices to drive sales and income growth, focusing on increasing market penetration.
The logic of decomposition will also continue: class of products: mobile power sources and vehicles developed by the company in 2019 are in the test phase and product lines are constantly improving: technology: the company will increase its technical capacity to respond to pressure from upgrading technical standards up the industrial chain; the bull data line has been certified as an apple official, capable
The market for digital accessories is currently at a rapid stage of development, with poor industry standards, low market concentration, competitive manufacturers, bulls relying on accumulated channels, brands, technology, etc. over many years, which are expected to accelerate their integration into the industrial chain.
Other main operations: Other main operations of the company include circuit breakers, ground foot plugs, electric duct tape, non-main business: the business consists mainly of small sales of materials, which represent less than 0.5 per cent of operating income. Funds raised for this purpose are: preparation of production bases, automation upgrades, information construction, pipeline terminals
Projects such as construction and brand promotion, combined with the company’s current course of business, forecast the company’s running costs.
As end-of-cycle promotion and power providers and new online media are promoting to achieve better branding, we believe that the expansion in size, product lines, corporate interest in and incentives for management innovation will increase, pay levels for the entire workforce may increase and therefore management costs will increase slightly; and research and development costs:
Given the company’s continuous upgrading of technical staff to enhance research and development on new products, such as smart households, and its increasing use of existing product categories, the overall R & D cost rate will be almost equal in 2019.
6.2 The valuation discussion and investment recommendations, as the company is the first to be listed on the converter track, have led us to select four small household electricity companies that are close to the converter product, similar to the sales channel, and perform the company valuations as comparable companies.
In contrast, the average value of four companies in 2019-2021 was 29x, 27x, and 23x. In contrast to comparable companies, we believe that the company deserves a certain value premium, mainly because (1) it is well above the profitability of comparable companies: the company's share over the last four years, according to the profitability index roe.
The Roe average, 58.8%, is always well above the comparable counterparts of the four operations we have chosen, which is a good illustration of the bull's combined advantages in terms of products, brands, channels, supply chains, etc., and creates a very powerful moat.
2. Clear platform-type corporate product extension path: corporate bedrock converter business versus other competitions in the industry.
In this context, the company led, the digital component business, has been growing at a high rate for many years, and the ratio is expected to rise continuously; in addition, the company has set up the Department of Breakers and Smart Homes, which is active on two trillion-grade tracks in terms of product and R & D reserves.
Dotted platform companies, with clear lines of product expansion and a number of synergies. 3) Product upgrades, channels expansion, are progressing well and still have the potential to upgrade. Companies track consumer pains in depth, launch innovative upgrades like smart wifi plugs, and develop a series of high-levels in the "4+1" direction.
In addition, the company has set up a large customer department to accelerate tob market development and expansion, and power lines have continued to grow fast. Looking ahead, product upgrades are expected to further support the increase in the Māori rate, the tob channel.
The expansion will also greatly expand the corporate circle of capabilities. If, among other things, the worsening of the new crown epidemic leads to a significant decline in macroeconomics and the completion of property is not as fast as expected, it will affect the size of the market for products such as converters, wall switches, etc.
2. Competition in the market increases the risk. The company is in a situation where there are a large number of foreign competitors in areas such as wall switches, digital products, led products, etc., and if there is increased competition in the market such as price wars, this will affect the risk of price fluctuations in the company’s products (3). The raw materials of the company’s products are copper, plastics, components, packages, electronics.
Among other things, the purchase price of raw materials and related bulk commodities, such as copper, have a certain relationship, and a substantial increase in raw materials would greatly increase the cost of companies and further affect profitability. 4) Dealers manage risks. The company’s main model is distribution, with more than 2,000 dealers in it.
A certain percentage of distributors cooperate for relatively short periods, and companies may suffer the impact of a damaged brand image if the distributor sells bad behaviour, such as counterfeiting, and the public administration does not have the means to exercise effective control. An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that:
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment