Bulls Group (603195): Channel advantage is strong, high-powered, class-expanding machine, Bulls Group.
The channel advantage is to create a leader for civilian electricians, and a million web sites are to build a core moat. Bulls are to pre-empt the advantage, and the end point is more sticky, creating a barrier to the channel. The distribution and distribution model helps the channel sink, the supply of goods.
Efficiency has increased significantly; spot advertising has been effective in promoting branding, with a degree of “exclusive” division focusing on research and development, production and marketing of civilian electrician products, with converters, wall switches and plugs at its core, with major packages.
At the same time, a million network connections form a distribution network, generating high-frequency, effective feedback on market demand. Bold converters (i.e. extension of line plugs, mobile plugs, etc.), traditional business municipalities are expected to increase further, and levels of profitability continue to improve.
Electrical holdings are driven by the core demand of the converter and the value of the product's safe sedimentation brand.
The market is about 17 billion. Safety is the primary consideration for consumers, bulls are strictly enforced.
The 2020-05-18 Shareholder Conference aimed at increasing consumer consumption in the open market. The demand for the open market is driven mainly by the growing sales of dry commodities and the electricity holdings. We measure the future of the industry’s market rules.
By raising public-market consumption, companies are expected to further increase market-ownership through differentiated product strategies. Emerging businesses expand market space, and the rapid expansion of diversified operations leads to a new increase in profits.
The led industry is still low in concentration, and companies share the dividends of market expansion. The led lighting market is already larger than $200 billion. The concentration of the industry is still low, and the bulls are expected to gain a share of the large market size by using different channels and products.
The digital component is an ant market, and the branding and channeling experience of bulls is an effective guarantee of business expansion.
Research assistant: Chang Zing, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Bulls Group (603195): Channel advantage highlights the dynamism of the power, class expansion of new machines 1. Leaders in the civilian electric industry, diversification of business capacity and sustained expansion of 1.1 Bulls Group: civilian electric power pioneers
The Bulls Group was established in 1995 as the leading company in the country for civilian electric appliances. The company’s core business is the production and sale of converters, wall switches, and plugs, and the bull has become the first brand in two major areas.
In 2017, the company introduced an external strategic investor to optimize corporate governance; of these, it had an equity share of 2.23 per cent.
Figure 2: Corporate equity structure The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East has benefited from the robust growth of core business and the smooth expansion of emerging business, and corporate operating income has remained at a high rate of growth, with cagr in 2015-2019.
22.50 per cent; the ratio of wall plugs, led lighting, digital parts camp receipts to 50.33 per cent, 31.96 per cent, 9.80 per cent and 3.54 per cent of production costs due to rising raw materials prices, relatively low rates of ed lighting and digital parts products; and the rapid expansion of wall switches, led lighting and digital parts operations from 33.04 per cent in 2016 to 45.3 per cent in 2019
In terms of industry patterns, the Bulls Group dominates the switchboard and wall switches. The company's annual report reveals that the bull converter has a 65.27% market position on the Skycat Line, that in 2019 sales data far ahead of other brands is the absolute leader of the converter industry, and that one of the main competitors calculates the market share by income size at about 2.87%. The bull wall switches have a 13.7% market position, which is also ranked first in the industry.
First, the foreign brands Rogham, Siemens and Siemens rank II and III, with the cities accounting for 10.9 per cent and 6.2 per cent, respectively, and the industry, Cr3, with only 30.8 per cent.
Figure 8: Percent of brands in wall switches outlets 1.2 Production expansion over capacity bottlenecks, expected to increase continuously Expansion of production capacity to address “overload” production, and product market occupancy is expected to increase continuously. Corporate converters, walls, due to rapid growth in sales in recent years
In response to a situation in which the company’s products are in short supply and demand, funds will be raised mainly to expand the capacity of wall plugs, converters, and led lamps. It is expected that $2.947 billion in productive investment will generate $10.701 billion in income and $1,392 million in net profits each year after delivery.
Project implementation progress (millions of yuan)
In 2018, the distribution pattern of the bulls, which have been built on a multi-million network, was supplemented by distribution and direct marketing. The company established a national distribution network covering the country's 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions: at the same time, the company was active in expanding the overseas market and enhancing its external distribution channels.
Underline channel advantages provide a leader in the industry. The civil electric power market is typical of the “ants market”, requiring a large number of terminals to reach every corner of the market to achieve national coverage, and the Bulls group grew up as “industry elephants” by virtue of its channel advantage. By covering nearly 1 million end-user outlets and professional line-on-line power sellers in urban and rural areas, the bulls have created powerful marketing outlets in the field of civil electric power, both under and on the line.
Yes. In particular, the laying of the offline channels requires significant financial, human, and time inputs, with higher costs for development and maintenance; the bulls, through years of cultivation, have created barriers to channels that are pre-eminent, with more sticky terminal points.
Figure 13: Distribution of Bull Group Sub-products 2.1 Distribution: Million Terminals are highly sticky, Post-Advanced Assistance Branding 2.1.1 Wide-Plus sites have a pre-emptive advantage and fine-tuning operations enhance terminal stickyness
By the end of 2019, the bulls had focused on distribution, distribution and distribution channels. By the end of 2019, the male was the public.
The Bulls Group has set up nearly 730,000 hardware channels nationwide, nearly 100,000 specialized building materials and lighting channels and more than 120,000 digital accessories channels, with millions of terminals, more than 10 times the number of competitors. The distribution of visits enhances the stickyness of the terminals and contributes to the downfall of the channels.
Distribution, delivery, visiting services, and door-to-door sales are conducted regularly using vehicles in accordance with distribution point layouts and established lines. The distribution and distribution model, on the one hand, solves the transport costs of small shops and increases the glue of customers while pushing down channels; on the other hand, significantly improves the efficiency of the company’s supply and provides timely replenishments to the terminal network.
Effective feedback on market demand in order for companies to adjust their product marketing strategies. At the same time, companies support the outlets, panels, and booths of the web sites, provide guidance on the placement of end-products, place bull products in a visible position, and, to some extent, create a monopoly of “exclusivity.”
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Bulls Group (603195): Channel advantage highlights the momentum, class expansion and newcomers, Figure 14: Distribution of Visitor Flowcharts
A high-frequency television advertisement does not necessarily have a significant effect because of the relatively long procurement cycle for public electricians' products. The very small end channels, such as hardware shops, are popular for free shops, prompting bull channels to sink rapidly to counties, towns, villages.
The end-market is more efficient. For consumers, the civilian electrician products are more homogenized, and the consumer buys, as it goes, “see shop first, look after product.” The bull's green shop is the closest consumer to consumer decision-making and the most effective marketing tool. In addition to the store, the bulls are also marketed in a way that covers part of the cost of promotional materials such as booths, panels, booths, etc.
The distribution cost of bulls is significantly lower than that of other comparable companies.
Figure 17: The distribution costs of the Bulls Group compared to other companies are flattened by the 2.1.2 management system, the distributors flatten the control system, and the distribution management system is flattened to push down the channel. From the distribution system, the bulls have a flat distribution management system.
Since 2012, bulls have promoted the breakdown of distribution units and further sunk down to district distribution units, resulting in full coverage of district-level areas. Half of the country ' s more than 3,000 county-level cities have marketed at the county, town, and village levels.
By 2018, the company had 2,273 distributors, with a steady upward trend in recent years. Of those, 1525, or 67%, were wall switches, 477, 373, and 63, respectively, were converters, digital parts distributors, and online distributors.
Specialized sales help businesses manage, bulls encourage exclusive sales, and there is a monopoly on niches, which allows companies to maintain a stable cash flow, with a turnover of 50 accounts receivable, which is much higher than that of their counterparts. At the same time, companies set standards for dealers in terms of sales, point development, market promotion, and business regulation.
Dealers who failed to pass the test or violated the terms of the company’s contract will face a phase-out, leaving 389 dealers in 2018. The company’s distribution team is now stable, with a total of 1,449 distributors, or 62%, starting to cooperate before 2015.
East Hing Securities Depth Report, Bulls Group (603195): Channel advantage highlights the momentum, the product expansion engine, and table 3: The Bulls Group's exclusive marketing requirements
The distributors are asked to choose the exclusive model, the wall switches are plugged in, and the distributors in the city, in the city of the plan, in the city of the capital of the province are the exclusive distributors.
Voluntary choice of exclusive, competitive or non-competing product categories, different modes of business cooperation, because online distribution channels are still in a pioneering phase and companies do not require exclusive marketing, Figure 20: Number of Bull Group distributors withdrawn
Figure 22: Bull Group turnover (sub-) compared to comparable companies 2.2 direct sales: online channels are dominant, pilot fields are being built for new products, power suppliers are expanding, leading to a direct distribution system. Direct sales of bulls include direct sales by power suppliers and direct sales below the line.
Companies have been active in expanding their power suppliers, which account for about 70 per cent of direct sales, and have shown a gradual upward trend in recent years; the share of direct sales below the line is about 30 per cent, with direct sales below the Shanghai line accounting for the main portion and sales below the line being less than 10 per cent.
In 2010, the bulls set up a dedicated power company management team to promote the development of electricity channels through a combination of official direct camping and distribution. The company is now fully integrated in the Cats, Treasures, Kyouta, the Trade Club, etc.
In 2019, transformers, wall switches, and sit-in cats, respectively, had a high market of 65.27% and 28.06%. Intelligence data show that in 2019, company converters, wall-openers, and sit-in cats were the first to have a high rate of Māori, which was roughly between 55% and 60%.
Māori sales and distribution levels.
East Hing Securities Depth Report, Bulls Group (603195): Channel advantage highlights a strong momentum and a new engine of product expansion. Figure 26: Comparison of Bulls Group Māori Channel Rates
Direct sales under Shanghai: Led’s business is expected to expand, drawing on Shanghai marketing experience. Bulls are using the Shanghai region’s direct sales business model, using the Shanghai area as a model window for displaying and selling products and serving as a pilot site for new marketing and marketing models.
There are 10747 sales customers in Shanghai, mainly small supermarkets and convenience stores and hardware stores.
2.3 Exterior sales: Strengthening the ownership of branding, expanding the market space abroad Bulls promote the ownership of overseas markets.
90.44 per cent of sales and 118 million yuan of foreign-owned brand sales and 9.56 per cent of sales abroad. Oem: The foreign brands of companies currently collaborating are internationally recognized brands such as Bertin, Rogran, ohm and Schneider, and product sales cover a number of countries and regions such as Japan, the United States, Europe, and South-East Asia: most offshore Oem clients have signed long-term valid framework contracts and sales are stable.
Autonomous brand: From 2015, the company will gradually open distribution channels in countries and regions of South-East Asia, India, the Middle East, covering such distribution points as hardware shops, supermarkets, department days, etc.; sign overseas marketing agreements with dealers abroad, once a year. The company is expected to do so through domestic channels.
3. Traditional business is expected to expand continuously, diversified business is expanding market space, product matrices are expanding, and re-research and development are driving product innovation. By virtue of the enormous advantages of the channel, bulls have created converters, wall switch plugs, led
The four main business matrices of lighting and digital accessories, which continue to enrich the product range, accounted for 50.33 per cent, 31.96 per cent, 9.80 per cent and 3.54 per cent respectively in 2019; at the same time, companies promoted the development of R & D centres, creating four major business-oriented industrial technological advantages, further strengthening the future R & D orientation of R & D centres projects.
Eung Heung Securities Insight Report, The Bulls Group (603195): Channel advantage highlights the momentum and the expansion of the product.
3.1 Converters: Electrical holdings are demand-driven, product safety deposit brand values converters have high converter content, home appliances and electronics holdings are demand-driven. Due to low unit prices for converters and relatively high purchase frequency, there is a certain amount of fast-disposal properties: as an appliance-driven product, the core is driven by rising levels of home power and electronics holdings in recent years.
Small household electricity markets have grown rapidly, from $203.1 billion in 2013 to $355.3 billion in 2018, with a compound increase of up to 12%; retail sales in 2019 reached up to $48.39 billion above the telecommunications equipment limit, and a compound increase of up to 22% in 2010-2019. The boom in the domestic electricity and electricity sub-product markets has directly contributed to the demand for converters, which currently corresponds to about 17 billion.
The new logo was published in October 2015, implemented in April 2017, and the transition period to August 2018 introduced four new requirements for converters to increase protection doors, add coarse power lines, increase the flame retardation of materials, and 30 certifications. The bulls began producing products in April 2017 in full compliance with the new national logo.
The rapid and timely introduction of a large number of new national brand products has effectively contributed to the growth in the volume of related sales. At the same time, the new logo has increased the cost of producing the product. By industry pattern, the Bulls Group is the absolute leader of the industry, with 65.27% of the market on the Skycat line, and one of the major competitors, the millet, with more than 3 million sales a year.
The source of Eastern financial intelligence has introduced the same product, with a 48-dollar positive price for rice. At the same time, bulls actually do cost-control. Bulls sell to distributors at an average price of about $15, 48-dollar end-sales retain a higher level of space for distributors, while rice production costs about $30.
There's only a limited margin for profit. Bulls defused the impact of new rice through the absolute power of the tap companies. Figure 35: The brand value of the product of the new bull's brand safe deposit. Safety must be the primary consideration of consumers for the purchase of the converter. The converter as the bull's starting point.
Home operations, after years of accumulation, have created absolute brand power and created a brand image of “safe” plugs, the most critical of which is that bulls capture the core needs of consumers. Bulls, starting with raw materials selection, then purchasing, research and development, production, testing, after-sales services, strictly enforce high standards of quality management. Bulls invested $10 million as early as 2003 to build the most authoritative international safety experiment and identification.
The company has developed technologies such as triple mine protection, anti-magnetic interference, low-resistance heat, self-lockproofing, real-cut folding, etc. Currently, the company is equipped with approximately 700 professionals in quality control, 2,000 laboratory and line automation equipment, and seven high-standard testing laboratories to provide solid resource security for product quality control.
In addition to safety, the ease with which products are used and the ease with which they are purchased is also a major factor in consumer considerations. Bulls have better access to the ease with which they can buy; in product design, the first-ever furniture box in the bull industry, the typographic converter,
Figure 39: Portfolio products for bulls.
The level of profitability is expected to continue to improve as products and accessories become self-sustaining. At the level of profitability, the Maori rate of the bull converter business maintained industry leadership. In 2019, the Māori rate was 38.29 per cent, and the overall level was much higher than that of other competitors. The decline in Māori rates in 2017 was mainly due to higher prices for raw materials and the upgrading of the new country’s logo, which resulted in higher product costs, and companies’ choice of competitive strategies to raise prices at different rates, maintaining a higher rate of increase in sales with production.
As a result of the higher cost of raw materials for converters, bulls have actively upgraded their own rate of precision and hardware components, and have purchased large quantities of plastics and hardware, and since 2017 companies have significantly increased their own rate of production of spare parts. At the same time, companies have planned to expand their production capacity to increase their own rate of production. At present, the number of converters oems is 13.41% of total production due to capacity constraints.
3.2 Wall switch plugs: Discreparate product strategy aimed at increasing consumer consumption in the mass market, wall switch plugs are local post-natal cycle products, and sales patterns are dominated by retail sales. The market size of China ' s wall switch plugs market in 2017 was 18,407 million yuan, a 16.5 per cent increase. The high rate of growth in the size of the wall open market benefited, on the one hand, from the relatively high rate of real estate sales in 16-17.
In 18-19, as a result of the macroeconomic environment and real-estate policies, sales of wall openings slowed down. In terms of production areas, China’s wall-opening and plug-in industries are located mainly in Beijing, the Long Triangle, and the Pearl Triangle.
According to the cost zone, the wall products are sold mainly to East, South and North China, accounting for 25.2 per cent, 22.3 per cent and 19.9 per cent, respectively; in recent years, with the rapid growth of China and South China, demand for the wall has grown rapidly.
From the use scene, wall switches are used mainly in the construction sector, where residential and commercial buildings are the main applications of walls, with sales at 35.3 per cent, 33.3 per cent, public buildings at 33.3 per cent, and commercial oversales at 14.1 per cent and 8.1 per cent, respectively, respectively.
Jung-tae et al., characterized by a well-developed retail network; foreign brands such as Schneider, Siemens, Rogang, etc., which are the main conduits for engineering projects, which are purchased centrally by real estate providers through a round-up agreement with real estate providers; and electronics channels, which have been emerging in recent years, have been distributed to major brands.
In real estate, based on indicators such as population, urbanization, and per capita residential space, we judge average annual sales over the next 10 years at a high end of $3,000 per set, which corresponds to a market size of $15.6 billion, $26 billion, and $39 billion, respectively. Commercial construction, as a result of writing in recent years.
As the new infrastructure project moves towards public buildings and the downside of large businesses to three or four-line cities, it will effectively drive the demand for the related wall. With regard to household electricity products, everyone’s electricity retention continues to increase, and stability underpins the market demand for wall switch plugs.
Growth has been rapid, but with low levels of retention and greater penetration, the demand for wall switches will also continue to grow effectively. Only Eastern financial and intellectual sources, the use of domestic electricity has significantly increased the demand for walls in the region.
Figure 47: Electricity ownership per 100 households in urban households Figure 48: Electricity ownership per 100 households in rural areas
Figure 49: Kitchen power displays highlight the advantage of the channel, the bull's first leader. In terms of industry patterns, the number of market participants in the wall switch plugs is large and currently stands at 2,000; the wall open businesses are generally small and have a strong product homogenization and are typical of the ant market. The wall switch plugs are now more concentrated in the market.
Low, the international brands, represented by Siemens, Schneider, Rogram, etc., were rapidly cut into the domestic market, creating a situation in which national and international brands coexist. In 2018, the number of bull wall-opening plugs reached 13.7%, ranking first in the industry, with Rogem and Siemens accounting for 10.9% and 6.2%, respectively, and Cr.3 only 30.8%, as retail + line channels account for up to 70% of wall-opening sales, and bulls have the advantage of the channel, leading to the opening ground.
At present, the “overload” of bull sales and capacity is a reflection of the strong digestive capacity of corporate channels, which will continue to expand in the future, with the city taking over the financial and intellectual power of the East.
Figure 51: Number of branded cities with wall switches plugs, Figure 52: Number of bull wall open products, Decoration switch for upscaling of mass market consumption, and city occupancy is expected to continue to rise. Most bulls have low-end positioning of wall switch products, as a result of sales
The network reaches all levels of county, town, and village, mainly to end consumers in the second- and third-line cities, so the product is dominated by public demand. The sales of low-end/high-end products account for 58.8 per cent and 35.9 per cent and 5.3 per cent, respectively, as a result of consumption escalation. Consumers are increasingly focusing on the style of the overall renovation of the house.
The number of sales and sales each year doubles: and exceeds white switch revenue by 219h1. The concentration of the industry is expected to increase further as consumer interest in wall switches increases, decorative, electronic, intelligent, or will be the direction of the industry.
The wealth of the East is growing, and the bulls are expected to increase their profitability even further with the strategy of differentiated products. The strategy of differentiated products is aimed at increasing the consumption of mass markets, adding more decorative elements, steadily increasing prices, and improving profitability. At present, the barrier-opening industry as a whole maintains a high Māori ratio, and the overall level of profit is expected to improve.
The market Māori ratio is higher than 40%. Among them, the level of Māori in international brands is generally higher than in domestic brands. This is mainly due to international brands that are represented by Rogem, Siemens, etc., where product positioning is at the middle and high end, product design elements are prominent, brand premiums are high, domestic brands are relatively simple in colour, and product pricing is low.
3.3led lighting: Expanding market space, with channels and synergies to achieve rapid catch-up, industry concentration is low, and companies take advantage of channels and product differentiation. With government subsidy support to reduce the cost of led chips, add up, limit the import and sale of incandescent lamps, the lighting penetration rate in the country has accelerated since 2012, and the reed lighting market regulations of 2017 have accelerated.
The model has exceeded 200 billion yuan: penetration is expected to rise further to nearly 80% in 2020. Industry concentration is still low, with Cr 4 in 2017 standing at 6.19%. Bulls are expected to gain a share in the large market size, depending on channels and product differentiation. In 2019, the company ' s led plate collected $983 million, an increase of 32.82%.
Figure 58: Company-led product revenues compared to leading companies in 2019 were 85 per cent; market prices were assumed to be 50 per cent higher than factory prices and product revenues were 85 per cent: Les International-led sales revenue was assumed to be the same as in 2018.
Underline channels have clear synergies. Corporate lighting has unique inter-channel synergies with traditional niches: (1) alternative products (e.g., bubble lamps) are commonly sold through hardware shops, community retail markets, etc., which coincide with converters; companies take advantage of their strength in the hardware channel and the financial resources of the East.
Large barriers, sold from converter distributors and vendors of led products; (2) acquisition of class products (e.g., lamps, lamps, etc.) during the renovation phase in the order of renovations.
The Bull uses the Eye as a product location, emphasizing the functional properties of the lamp “frequency-proof flash” “blue-proof light.” The Eye is similar to the strategy of past companies to convert products under the label of “safety”, and the break-through of consumer concerns is conducive to branding. The company’s current profit level is rising better than the sun.
Headline companies like Ming and Fuoshan Lights. On the one hand, bullled products are branded as autonomous, and on the other hand, the “Eye” index raises product premiums. In 2019, company-owned Leed prices increased by 9.32% per unit, while unit costs rose by only 0.48%, while the Māori ratio of products rose to 35.06%.
Figure 61: The Māori ratio of company-led products is higher than sunlight, Foshan lighting, improving product matrices, and improving corporate corporate-based business competitiveness.
The company continues to enrich its lighting system and enhances its overall lighting solutions, with a total of 49 new items on the market in 2019, including 31 in the top lamp product, which quickly fills the company's toplight billboards.
The lighting industry also has the opportunity to further open the market space with the advantage of the wall-opening field. 3.4 Digital products: the company expands its business around the concept of electricity use, and the company expands its business around the concept of electricity use.
In 2016, the company moved into digital accessories for businesses that did not have a significant advantage, and sales consisted mainly of data lines, mobile power sources, and top-loading and charging. The company was able to market new products quickly through oems, while targeting mainstream consumption, and sales grew rapidly. The company’s Māori ratio of digital accessories class, the pre-2015 level of what appears to be winning shares, was largely due to the expansion of the company’s low-māori strategy in the early stages of market opening, while the ratio of oem was still high.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Figure 65: Company share of digital accessories sub-products, Figure 66: Company response to rapid growth in sales through oem
The company, following the successful experience of the converter distributor, “Admission Visitor”, has opened more than 120,000 digital access points, of which some 120,000 (mainly mobile phone shops, mobile parts stores, mobile phone maintenance stores), about 30,000 supermarket channels and about 0.2 million automobiles (mainly automobile supplies) are available.
Figure 68: The company’s network of digital fittings, the network structure, the under-line advantage of the channel, provides a leader for civilian electricians, and a million network points create a core moat. The civil electric power market is typical of the “ants market.”
With the properties of consumer near-purchase, a large number of terminals are needed to reach every corner of the market to achieve national coverage, and the Bulls Group, by virtue of its canal advantage, has grown into “industry elephants.” Underline channels have been paved, requiring significant capital, manpower and time investment, and higher costs of development and maintenance. Bulls have created access barriers with clear pre-eminences and more sticky terminal points.
Marketing networks, high frequency, and effective feedback on market demand. Companies implement distribution and visitation systems that help to sink and enhance end-point stickyness. At the same time, the effective marketing strategy promotes brand dissemination, with a degree of “exclusivity” monopoly.
The growth of Eastern wealth and wisdom is near and effective in marketing. The rate of traditional businesses with converters, wall-openers and plugs is expected to increase further, and the level of profitability continues to improve.
Electrical holdings are driven by the core needs of the converter, and the value of the product's safe storage brands. The current market for converters is about 17 billion dollars, as an appliance to the electrical appliance, driven by a continuous increase in the retention of domestic electricity and electronics. For converters, safety must be the primary consideration for consumers.
The company has developed technologies such as triple mine protection, anti-magnetic interference, low-resistance heat, self-locking protection, real-time penetration of brand value, through safety depositories. The ease with which products are used and the ease with which they are purchased are also a major factor in consumer considerations. Bulls have better access to the ease with which they can be bought; in product design, the first furniture collection boxes in the bull industry, typographic converters, travel converters, etc.
The difference in product strategy is to position mass market consumption for higher levels of consumption. The wall switch is a product for the post-partum cycle, and the demand of the market is driven mainly by commodity demand stability in homes and rising electrical retention.
The market has a large number of players and the product homogenization is typical of the ant market. The advantage of the channel is highlighted, and the bulls have a leading role. The product is targeted at the general population, the market is consumed up, and the company is expected to further increase its market share with differentiated product strategies.
The led industry is still low in concentration, and companies share the dividends of market expansion. The led lighting market is already over 200 billion yuan; penetration is expected to rise further to 80% by 2020. Industry concentration is still low, with only 6.19% in 2017.
In the meantime, the company continues to improve its product matrix and improve the company’s overall business competitiveness. In 2019, the company introduced 31 of its new top-light products, which quickly filled the company’s top-light vacancies.
With the experience of distribution and marketing, we have rapidly expanded the digital access point, which has now opened over 120,000 digital fittings, the source of financial prosperity in the East, and we have selected Oprah lighting, morning stationery, seafood as comparable companies.
There has been a decline and is now at a historically low level, with valuations expected to recover as the data for completion return to warmth; morning stationery and sea weather are industry leaders with a clear lead: at the same time, morning light, sea weather are similar to that of the Bulls Group, where channel advantages form the core moat, where markets are willing to offer higher valuation premiums; and morning and sea weather products are consumed with certainty and no cyclical effects. We therefore believe that the Bulls Group has 25-50 times more valuation areas than it does.
The risk of macroeconomic change, the risk of rising raw materials prices, the failure to expand new business, etc.
Bulls Group (603195): Channel advantage highlights the momentum, class expansion and new opportunities, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Bulls Group (603195): Channel advantage highlights the momentum, class expansion, new engine, and Kathleen Jang.
Studies in the fields of catering tourism, tax exemption and education.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.