The value of copper gold rose sharply, with single-season profits rising to an all-time high -- one-quarter review in 2025: companies published one-quarter report in 2025: $2025q1 achieved $789.3 billion in operating income, same as
Gold mining (stock code: 601899.sh) Copper gold products have risen in volume, with a single-season high performance of 2025q1: 25/22 per cent of production targets, all exceeding the annual planned time series; and mineral zinc production rings
Ratio - 9 per cent to 88,000 tons. 2) Unit price: 25q1 company unit price ratio for mineral copper sales + 5 per cent to 62,000 yuan per ton, unit price ratio for mineral gold sales + 12 per cent to 642 yuan per ton, unit price ratio for mineral zinc sales - 12 per cent to 15,000 yuan per ton.
3) Cost: Ring cost + 0.4 to 24,000/tonne for mineral copper unit sales for 25q1, ring cost + 7 to 251/g for mineral gold unit sales, ring cost + 11 to 10,000/t for mineral zinc unit sales, and higher cost of sales per unit of company mineral products, mainly due to declining grade and increased distance
Added to the rise in the extraction ratio of some open-air mines. 4) Profit: 25q1 Māori ring ratio + 1.2 billion yuan, with mineral copper/mine gold ring capacity increasing steadily, respectively, and opening up room for growth: the company ' s target for mineral copper/gold production in 2025, respectively
Priority projects such as mining, Tibetan dragon copper mining phase II have further increased their production capacity and have further increased the company's copper production; gold plates, and a number of mature pieces of improved Rosebel gold mining, or Orora gold mining, are accelerating their production at a relative depth of 300 per cent.
The objective, as well as Ghana’s akyem gold mine, which is accelerating its delivery, and the sea gold mine, which is accelerating its construction, will underpin the Department’s goal of achieving a significant increase in mineral production. Investment proposals: corporate reserves for priority mining projects are increasing, and future production growth will drive firm growth.
It is expected that the release of post-partum production will lead to higher returns as a result of the company’s construction projects. The risks of the expected period; 3) the Fed’s reduced interest rates fall short of expectations; 4) the risks of geopolitical changes abroad; and 5) the impact of Central America’s tariffs is higher than expected.
[Galactic colour] Company comment: The gold mining industry has grown steadily, and the mining giants have grown strongly, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.