Incident: On April 17, 2025, the company issued an announcement that the company, through its wholly-owned offshore subsidiary, the akyem gold mine, is one of the largest gold mines in Ghana and is currently operating steadily. The akyem gold mine is Ghana.
One of the largest gold mines, located on the world ' s main gold-forming belts, is thick and mineralized, and commercialized production began in October 2013. The project is currently open-air mining, mines and selected plants, stable, well-equipped, conventional carbon leaching, with a plant design capacity of 8.5 million tonnes/
As the value of the gold continues to rise, the project has the potential to exploit its resources and reserves on a continuous basis. According to the Newmont announcement, the akyem gold mine had a stock of gold (excluding reserves) of 54.4 tons (based on a gold price of $1,600 per ounce) as at 31 December 2023, with an average grade of 3.36 g/ton;
34.6 tons (based on a gold price of $1,400/ounce) with an average grade of 1.35 g/ton; an additional 83 tons of land extraction reserves; and the current comex gold price, which has exceeded $3,000/ounce, is expected to be re-evaluated through selection techniques, the volume of resources and reserves of the project, with potential for sustained exploitation.
Total equity/flow (billions of shares) Exploration for increased reserves, high priority given to re-evaluation of the economic techniques of existing deposits, sustained growth in the volume and reserves of primary deposits, sustained growth of the sustainable development base, and significantly lower unit survey costs than in the global industry
The company’s net return profits are $390,430,467 million, and we think that the company, as a global mining industry, has an in-depth assessment of the gold currents, which are the best in the world.
The leading firms, with a strong global capacity, a strong degree of certainty about growth and excellent cost-control capabilities; the steady rise in corporate copper and gold production laying the foundation for development, while gold plays a central role in the geo-stcillation < (Pacific coloured) purple gold mining depth report:
The value is becoming more visible, and the company is expected to benefit fully from the high profile of the industry, maintain its “buy-in” rating, be sure of its first heart and its grandeur and dare to fight in the clouds.
The depth of the purple gold mining report: the volume of copper gold has risen and the efficiency of its management has been significant.
Akyem gold mine is closed, and the potential of resources is being exploited.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make an investment decision on their own.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.