One sedan (000800) vehicle. Performance reverse confirmed. 2017 light and sailed. Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Recommended logic: The new vehicle size of 2016q3 is strong on the line, and the early climbs of Maddax-4 and the new Atz have led to a three-quarter first-quarter reversal in performance, with the continued upswing of 2017 expected to lead to a significant increase in corporate performance. Various types of costs, such as used and end-of-life production lines, are fully accounted for in 2016, with 2017 young people in gear and merit periods
• 2016 q3 with a strong new vehicle model and a substantial uphill performance. The 2016 q3 one-month revenue of $6.51 billion, an increase of 21.1%, and the return net profit of $110 million, an increase of $110 million.
Dax-4, a new multi-pattern model such as the New Atz, with 27317 vehicles sold in the 2016 q3 single-quarteral motor series, an increase of 251.7 per cent over the second quarter, resulting in a combined Māori rate for corporate products, per cent: 1.7 per cent net interest rate for the 2016 q3 quarter and 11.2 per cent increase in the ring q2 quarter.
The elasticity comes mainly from Madhedacx-4 and the new Attez, where Madhedacx-4 is the first Malaysian, the first Chinese global car, the first suv car under the flag of Madheda, the cool shape of the car, the high electronic configuration value, and is expected to break down in the future. The new Attez is in and out of the old Attez's worst disease.
There has been a significant increase in the adornment, and sales prices are lower, with 5,000 vehicles expected to be sold by the month of 2017. It is to be expected that up-to-date suvx40 will amortize the depreciation of the autonomous production line in 40 months. We believe that, with the sales of cx-4, Attez, and the listing of 40, the company’s performance in 2017 will be reversed.
We believe that corporate reform in a single group is inevitable, and that failure to fulfil commitments is the result of a combination of multiple factors that can be addressed at the level of non-listed companies. The expectation of subsequent industrial reforms will only grow gradually, with investment opportunities of concern.
It is expected to continue to grow, covering the first time that an “enhanced” rating has been given.1 The one-bang core city platform, a car company, is the core of the one-bump group's own branding and passenger vehicle development, and the Chinese sedan manufacturing industry.
The first company to be listed on the stock system consists of a high-quality asset re-assembly of one-carbon group, which is mainly involved in the production of red-flag cars and their accessories. The controlling shareholder is China’s First Automobile Company Ltd., with 53.03% shareholding.
In 2003, for the first time, the company, in cooperation with Japan, introduced all new motor technology and technology, followed by a series of high-quality, autonomous branded cars, which were introduced by the company in Madhuda 8, Atez and Cx-4 and promoted by technological upgrades.
The main reason for the continued low or negative profitability is, firstly, the relatively slow replacement of corporate products and their failure to keep pace with the rise of autonomous brands.
The company ' s main business is the development, manufacture and sale of car parts, such as cars, engines and transformers. By 2015, the company ' s main business was the production and sale of two main bus-car series, namely, a Mercedes and a Mazda, with a total of 193,000 cars sold in 2016, a decline of 18.2 per cent compared to the previous year, of which 105,000 vehicles, or 54.6 per cent, were sold, and 86,000 were sold in the Malaysia series.
In the first half of 2016, the company achieved operating income of $8.49 billion, compared to 24.3 per cent in the first half of 2016, representing an increase of 4 percentage points in the quarterly portfolio. In 2016, a joint venture was set up with the new model.
Bentungb50, new Attez and re-selling Benttenx80, new product roll-out has led to a significant increase in corporate overall sales in the three quarters, with 24,000 auto-runners in the three quarters, an increase of 4.8 per cent over the ring, 27,000 in the Majeta series, an increase of 251.7 per cent over the three-quarters of single-season Māori overall, an increase of 8.5 percentage points over the ring.
2.2 2016q3 performance analysis: elasticity of joint-venture vehicle sales compared to q2 and q3 performance, which we consider to be very elastic. 2016q2 has a series of autonomous runs of 23,000 and a series of self-service sales of 0.78 million. 2016q3 has a series of sales of 23,000.
The difference between the sales in the second and third quarters is 20,000. The net profits in the second quarter were $480 million, in the third quarter the net profits in the third quarter were $300 million, and the net profits in the third quarter increased by $510 million against the net profits in the second quarter.
The margin of autonomy q3 is still at a loss, with Ma'alda q3 being profitable, and the cost rate improving with great elasticity. The average one-car elasticity in the third quarter versus the second quarter is $25,000 per vehicle, and we believe that it is due to a large extent to the company's pre-business losses and to the greater elasticity of the Māori rate and the cost rate. q2 sales of 31,000 vehicles, corresponding revenues of RMB 4.22 billion, Māori rate of 15.7 per cent, and three rates of 24.6 per cent;
2.3.1 Madacx-4 – The most American sedan running suv to open up a new sub-market for suv, and Mada’s first-ever Chinese-owned global model. The Madacx-4 is a volume model introduced by the concept of the “Gottokoeru” and is positioned as a compact sedan running suv, and the homeing of a horse has come into production.
For the first time in China, the first global vehicle to be launched by Madheda was officially listed in June 2016. The most American car runs suv, opening up a new sub-market for suv.cx-4, which uses the most recent motor design element in Madheda, is more dynamic and powerful than Ankosela, Atz, and cx-5, and the whole body has a shock stance.
It's the first suv to run under the flag of Maedada, with a co-platform of cx-5. The power side uses a 2.5-point blue sky motive + 6at gearbox, a four-drive system in due course, with a price range of $1408-2158,000, and no direct competitor in a compact suv suv.
Electronic configurations are more expensive. For products of the same type, a variety of configurations, such as the cx-4 full-blown recyclable front-lights, the EPb electronic stationary braking system, the auto-residence function of Autohold, have significantly increased the technical sense of the product. And the add level view display system, the Maduta Joy Union system, and the scbs low-speed brake support system, the bsm blind spot monitoring system.
The extensive application of the most advanced technologies in Maduda, such as the rcta back-to-back early warning system, has also been confirmed by the high e-positioning of cx-4, with two-month orders on the market exceeding 2w and 17-year sales expected to climb to 1w vehicles/month. As a brand-new strategic vehicle model, the cx-4 brand-new product experience will become a wind sign for the future variation of suv in the country.
The company introduced a “50% down payment, 12 days interest free” financial policy, and the purchase of cx-4 would also benefit from a five-year free full synthetic oil privileges. After the cx-4 market, sales went up rapidly to 6700 units in November (in December, because of a decline in wholesale sales due to the restructuring of the garage stock), we believe that with the cx-4 suv run in 2017
Market recognition has gradually increased, and sales are expected to climb to 1w stations/month. 2.3.2 Re-placing Atz has been completely upgraded, pulling up sales has continued to pick up.
The entire new generation of Madeda 6atenza, whose spiritual design is at its core, is officially on the market, with the brand of the imported version of the original juice in the national model, which many consider to be the most beautiful and dynamic car of the class B so far. Automobile manipulation depends mainly on the shift to the bottom, where the old horse6 is a pure sportsman and the hanger.
It's hard and road-sensitive. Attez's model is a major player in the chassis, it's soft ahead, it can absorb the road, it's bumpy, it's a long way back, it's very comfortable in the face of a fierce drive, and it's a very good stretch of a stretch that combines comfort and manipulation. The interior of the old Attez really deserves to get sick, and the old Attez's interior lags behind the same.
Eventually, the old Atz failed to continue the sales myth of Madhuda 6, which were never as high as expected (floating around 3,000). Figure 13: the old Atzne apparel, the new Atz: 2016.10. The new Atz is on the market, the internal and external apparel is upgraded and the price is more favourable.
With regard to interiors, the new Attez creates an inner atmosphere of great quality and luxury in all its aspects: 1) black and white, double-colour design, a large number of leather packages, and a high sense of luxury; 2) suspended central display screen configuration, which enhances the sense of motion technology; 3) an increase in the silver decorations of the steering wheel and the integration of the acc functionality onto the steering wheel.
On the external side, the new Atz labeled the front/back-of-scorpion eye with the front/back-of-the-lights, the led fog and the led day, while the plating of the middle grid was more dense and saturated than before, adding a variable gas grid system. In addition, the new Atz used two layers of soundproof glass, before the sound was much better.
The value of the new Attez product has increased significantly, while the price has fallen by $7,000 to the previous dollar, the price of which is 2.0. And the company provided high-quality financial services in the early stages of the promotion, and the first two months of buying the new Attez was entitled to a 50% down payment, a 12-year interest-free financial policy, and a 5-year exemption.
A replacement subsidy of up to $6,000 will also be provided for replacement customers. 5,000 are expected to be sold in 2017. Since the new Atez market on August 10, Atez has been rapidly climbing up to 5,000, and the sales have risen to 5348 in November (due to the December drop in sales as a result of stock adjustments at the mainframe plant), we recognize.
The current price increases for the new Atez model have not been fully recognized by consumers, and the average sales of Atez throughout 2017 are expected to remain at 5,000 vehicles/month.
Class suv breaks down the first smart connection in the market, with an advanced car-networked d-life system, which is equivalent to an on-board smart terminal, allowing flexible customization of various online applications, such as navigation, music, radio, news, weather, socialization, etc. Electronic configuration is rich. Pentenx 40 mounted on 1) Bosch 's latest generation 9esp system.
Improved vehicle safety under various working conditions; 2) 360° panoramic image system; 3) hanged with multiple e-strikes before the independence of both arms, and powered to the power-propelled system after independence; 4) cellular interconnection system, voice control.
Upon listing, suv is expected to be marketed, taking into account the sales of the same-class car type Jianghuas3, and the future x 40 will be expected to be sold to 1w vehicles, figure 18: x 40 on the side.
In June 2011, China ' s First Automobile Group (hereinafter referred to as the First Gas Group) implemented a restructuring of the main sector and established China ' s First Automobile Company Limited. To resolve competition among its members, one stock undertaking:
Within three years of the date the purchase is completed, the competition between a sedan/salley car and an S.A. firm, and between a sedan and a S.S.A. company, including, but not limited to, assets and business reorganization, mergers, asset acquisition, liquidation, etc., shall be resolved once and for all at a reasonable price and in a legal manner. ]
Closure, hosting of assets, and other means approved by the CSRC and/or the general meeting of shareholders of listed companies. (2) Consolidation of the car-wide production business within five years of its establishment, through asset reorganization or otherwise, to resolve competition with a car, a car, and a car, a car, and a shali. (Unrevocable commitment)
On 6 April 2012, a car owned by a group of companies, a car owned by a group, and a car owned by a company owned by a company owned by a company owned by a company owned by a company owned by a company owned by a company owned by the company, was completed.
However, for a variety of reasons, there was a delay in the restructuring of the stockholdings and a request for agreement by the Shareholder Assembly to postpone the irrevocable commitment period for a further three years as a transitional period was rejected at the 2015 Shareholder Conference on 27 June 2016, while the " Projected 2016 " .
The bill on the amount of a regular related transaction was also rejected. There are multiple complex reasons for non-compliance.
“As a result of the changes in the macroeconomic environment, the automobile industry has slowed down and companies have been under pressure to operate. Second, there have been large fluctuations in the securities markets since 2015 that make it difficult to capture the window period in which capital operates. Third, there have also been significant changes in the management of companies in 2015.
Commitment, but the original intent of a stock company to resolve competition among its partners has not changed. In this context, the General Council is therefore urged to agree to a three-year transition period for the commitment period.” We believe that the reform of the State enterprise of a single stock group is a necessity and that failure to fulfil commitments is the result of a combination of multiple factors.
The expectation of the next wave of government reform will only grow, with the investment opportunities it offers. The key assumption is that Benttenx 40 will be marketed in March 2016.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.