The Chinese aluminium industry (601,600) has non-ferrous metals, and clean-up of illegal production is in the advanced phase of the offensive.
Incident: The price of aluminium oxide today rose from $2760/ton a week ago to $2880/ton. .. ..and the supply side reform went ahead in an orderly manner, cleaning up the illegal production of electrolytic aluminium into the advanced phase of the offensive. In August, the prefecture of Upper Shandong ordered the closure of the Shandong Wei Bridge and the mail delivery of 3.2 million tons of electrolytic aluminium production, plus the previous suspension of Xinjiang.
Some 2 million tons of capacity are planned: we expect 5 million tons of capacity to be cut off this year. Currently, electrolysis and aluminum production are about to enter the special spot-checking phase (15 September), and implementation is expected to be higher than expected.
The average number of good days in the first six months of Kyoto is 50.7 per cent, a 7.1 per cent decline in the same year, and a decrease in air quality may prompt the government to increase the production limit for electrolytic aluminium, which we expect to have had an impact on the production limit.
At the industry level, global production of 61.2 million tons of aluminium oxide in the first half of the year and consumption of 6.07 million tons, with a weak balance of supply and demand; domestic production of 34.69 million tons of aluminium oxide, with a demand of 36.66 million tons, is expected to decrease by more than 10 per cent by the end of the year.
With 1.55 million tons imported, with a shortfall of almost 2 million tons being eliminated, the domestic market is currently largely dominated by import transfers, with supply and demand remaining in a slightly short supply state, which is more supportive of aluminium oxide prices. • The strong strength of the economy is such that the clearing of power funds + 2+ 26+3 has no significant impact. (1) The total clean-up is currently under way.
The government funds owed by the power supply plants are gradually moving forward, with only 37 per cent of the company ' s own power supply being approved for compliance, and the corresponding electricity funds, etc., paid in full and are not affected by this policy. (2) The policy of limiting production during the heating season has no effect on the company ' s electrolytic aluminium and carbon products, involving only about 720,000 tons of aluminium oxide production capacity.
Tens of thousands of tons, after meeting their needs, and some of the other products for sale; the electrolysis aluminum production of 3.94 million tons, after China’s Honghashi. The company gained 83% more revenue in the first half of 2017, net profit in the second half of 2017, and the electrolytic aluminum plate is expected to explode in the second half of the year.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company ' s sub-operational income for 2017-2019 as follows:
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.