The industry has improved, and the company's performance has grown rapidly, with 751 million yuan in net profits reported in mid-2017, an increase of 1006 per cent in the same year and a gain of about 0.05 dollars per share, an increase of 5456 per cent in the same year.
With the growth of the Chinese economy, structural adjustments, and rising demand for consumption, aluminium alloys, with their light quality and strong characteristics, have been favoured in many new areas: aluminium alloy fences, bridges, building templates, new energy sources.
In the first half of 2017, China’s original aluminium consumption amounted to 17.5 million tons, an increase of 11.5 per cent over the previous year, making it the fastest-growing group of industrial metal materials. In addition, the supply side reform was advanced with an average price of 13875 yuan/t in the first half of the year, an increase of 20.85 per cent for aluminium oxide.
\triangleright 2017 started supply-side reforms in the aluminium industry, moving slowly from the first half of the year to the current rapid pace of aluminium production.
The recent suspension of the Wei Bridge and the mail from Shandong Province totalled 3.21 million tons of electrolytic aluminium production, combined with the previous period’s shutdown capacity in various locations, as well as the production capacity to be discontinued in the second half of the year, are expected to reduce production capacity by more than 500 tons throughout the year. Aluminium demand is expected to grow at a high rate, supply is expected to fall in the second half of the year, stocks are expected, aluminium prices are expected to rise.
One of the largest producers of electrolytic aluminium and aluminium oxide would benefit fully from the increase in aluminium prices.\triangleright earned $18.8 billion in aluminium oxide plates in the first half of 2017, a 45 per cent increase in the same year, and the original aluminium plates earned $20.2 billion.
The increase of 30% over the same period is due mainly to sales and price increases. Aluminium prices are expected to remain high in the second half of the year, and the profitability of the company's aluminium plates will increase at a high rate. In addition, there has been a small increase in the corporate trading plates.
The company has implemented a mitigation efficiency strategy that, although with some expenditure in the prior period, will effectively reduce costs in the long run. This report shows management costs of $1,269 million, representing an increase of $118 million in comparison to the current reporting period, mainly to increase labour productivity and share them in the next billion, a decrease of $41 million in relation to the same period.
1. Aluminium industry report: For further improvement, 2.
3. Report on events in the aluminium industry: a summary of company financial statement data projections in Shandong.
Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Faculty of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineers, Central University of Technology, Lear, France
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association (CVA) for consulting on securities investment, has made sure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,