In recent days, the company has issued an announcement establishing the Li Giang Lungi Silicon Materials Company (hereinafter referred to as “the joint venture”) to invest in the construction of the 5gw Single Crystal Silicon Stick project.
"The Company" proposes to contribute 480 million yuan in cash, or 60 per cent of the equity; Changzhou Tianxiang Energy Company (hereinafter referred to as "the Changzhou Tianqiao") proposes to contribute 200 million yuan in cash, or 25 per cent; and Sichuan Yongxiang Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Sichuan Yongxiang") is proposed to be paid out in cash.
The company launched this joint venture, which combines upstream and downstream photovoluntage heads, and Sichuan Endosophies, which is a multi-crystal silicon all over the country.
The top three levels of production capacity, with the highest volume of downstream components from the Permanent Committee, are the fewest stock holdings/flows (millions of shares). The joint venture agreement was signed on 4 January 2001 in Xianzhou with Changzhou, Yongxiang Sichuan, based on
At the highest/lowest 12 months, the three parties agreed on the monocrystal fluorescent industry, and the three parties intend to build a 5gw monocrysilicon stick project in the form of a joint venture.
In the first three quarters, the performance boom, the monochrome, the upgrading of industry and production efficiency, using the respective technologies in each of the industrial chains, continued to raise the stock of the single franchise.
Reduce investment costs and accelerate monocrystal market occupancy. According to the company's previous announcement, the 5gw single crystal silicon stick project in the Yunnan Ri River is projected to be $2.1 billion, and this joint venture will be reduced.
In addition, the participation of the two leading industries, Sichuan Yongxiang and Changzhou, is indicative of the market's recognition of a single crystalline route, but this joint venture will also boost the company's monocrystal market share. The company's 2016 monocrystal silicon.
The yield is expected to be around 7.5gw, with the Liang 5gw project being put into production, and the company's single crystal silicon rod/silicon silicon production capacity will reach 12.5gw. In addition to the 5gw single silicon bar, which is to be located in Mount Yunnan, the company is expected to achieve a single silicon silicon capacity of 20gw in 2020.
Certifierpfrm Profit Forecasting and Investment Proposal: Monochrome Markets in the context of the continuous release of supportive policies and technological advances in the photovoltaic industry
The growing size of the company's monocrystal component, with a continuing increase in this ratio, is expected to usher in the first three quarters of joint industry, pushing for single-crystal growth — Lungi shares (601012) — sales of photovoltaic silicon and components have fallen short of expectations, and there has been a change in policies in the photovoltaic sector.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.