The net return to the mother was 1,547 million yuan, an increase of 197.36 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, the fourth quarter collected $3.06 billion, a decrease of 4.44 per cent, and the net return to the mother was $449 million, an increase of 63.43 per cent. The company's profit rate of sales is rising as a result of the company's increasing investment in research and development.
The increase in the Māori rate was due mainly to the company ' s increasing investment in research and development, which resulted in a 67% decrease in the non-silicon output of silicon products in 2016 compared to 2012, with 60 p perc single crystal battery modules reaching a maximum power of 316.6w. The higher cost of sales this year was mainly due to the increase in the sales of components, which resulted in miscellaneous charges and quality.
The decrease in financial and management costs indicates that the company's internal management capacity is not improving, and that there is still room for a significant increase in corporate performance, coupled with a shrinking of single-crystal product prices and a policy preference for “leaders”, “distribution”, the city.
The field has placed higher demands on component conversion efficiency, with domestic crystal penetration rates rising from 15 per cent in 2015 to 27 per cent in 2016, which is expected to reach more than 35 per cent this year. The photovoltaic construction target has been reduced this year, with a projected additional load of around 26gw throughout the year, with single crystal market regulations.
In recent years, the company has been expanding its capacity, from 3gw in 2014 to 7.5gw today, from 0.2gw to 5gw, and this year it plans to expand the capacity of silicon to 12gw and 6.5gw, respectively. There is still much room for improvement in the company’s performance.
The three-quarter review of Lungi shares: large sales of silicon components, high production and sales of two watts of monocrystalized dragons are expected to increase significantly.
The Lungi shares published an annual report, which achieved revenue of 11.531 billion yuan in 2016, an increase of 93.89 per cent over the same year, and net profit of 1,547 million yuan over the same period, an increase of 197.36 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, 30.006 billion won over the fourth quarter, a decrease of 4.44 per cent over the same period, and net profit of 449 million over the same period, an increase of 63.43 per cent over the same period. The company ' s Māori sales rate was 27.48 per cent, an increase of 7.11 pct over the same year.
The company’s profitability is increasing, and the Māori rate of its main product is rising rapidly. The increase in the Māori rate is due mainly to the company’s constant increase in R&D investment, which currently has a professional R&D team of more than 400 people and the creation of silicon-based silicon materials research based in Xian.
The CDC and the Battery Research Centre, which are centered in the state of Thailand, are component design centres. The industrialization of advanced technologies in the diamond-cutting process, perc battery technology, etc., resulted in a 67% reduction in the non-silicon cost of silicon products in 2016 compared to the lower 2012 levels, with a maximum power of 316.6w for 60 p perc single crystal battery assemblies.
The rapid increase in the Māori ratio of the main product this year is due mainly to an increase in the costs of shipping, quality assurance, and insurance due to the increased sales of components. The decline in financial and management costs indicates a continuous improvement in the in-house management capacity of the company.
ii. Increased monocrystal penetration, and still much room for higher corporate performance. As monocrystal price differentials, especially near-consistency of terminal prices, have gradually increased, and projects such as “photo-poverty”, “leaders”, “distribution” that have been strongly supported by policies in recent years.
There is also a higher demand for component conversion efficiency, and the collusive effect will result in a steady increase in monocrystal penetration. The share of single crystals in the domestic market has increased from 15% in 2015 to 27% in 2016, and is expected to reach over 35% this year.
By the end of 2016, the company's single crystal silicon had an annual capacity of 7.5gw, the single crystal component 5gw, and according to the company's annual report, the company planned to increase its single crystal silicon production to 12gw this year.
The output capacity rises to 6.5gw. The company’s performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate as monocrystal products become more permeable.iii. Profit forecasting and investment ratings, according to the company’s sales target, were 1.9 billion single crystal silicon tablets in 2017, 4.5gw components, ground level.
The power station develops a grid capacity of 500 mw, distributed to a grid capacity of 560mw. Multipe values the corresponding price at $19.38/share and gives a “buy-in” rating. Photovolts are less than expected, and single crystal demand is less than expected.
Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree from the People ' s University of China and currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute. For 19 years, in the seller ' s research industry, the author of the sales team of the Institute of Securities and Securities has been qualified or qualified in securities investment consultancy by the Chinese Securities Association and has ensured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.