The best thing about Lungi's shares is when it's over-expected to become a habit of company basics.
Lungi shares issued an advance performance announcement that projected a net profit of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion in 2016, with the same expectation of higher delivery and Māori rates being merely symptoms, short-term supply constraints and long-term increases due to single crystals high value for money plus high barriers, which are the central drivers of continued overperformance and sustainable corporate growth:
According to the announcement, the company ' s net profit of 300-500 million yen per quarter, 27-111 per cent increase in ring q3, we expect a significant increase in the ring ratio of the company ' s q4 component and a further increase in the Māori rate following a steady rebound in product prices, which is a direct reason for the higher and higher-than-expected growth in the q4 round.
We've been emphasizing two core logics for the company: 1. A single crystal relative multi-crystal value advantage that sustains or even further expands the drive-driven rise in the proportion of monocrystal applications: 2. High barriers to single crystal silicon sticks/silicon silicon links, which ensure higher market penetration and stable profitability through cycles (many technologies).
1. "The Yunnan Silicon Stick Project introduces the significance of upstream-downstream joint ventures, the low-cost production-productivity barriers that overlap the process points, and the Maori rate that is far above the industry average." This is the logic behind the recent company ' s successful introduction of up-up-downstream joint ventures on the Yunnan 5gw Silicon Stick Project.
2. " One season Māori innovation is high, four quarters will be ready for a strong validation. " (Details are given on January 4th.) Looking forward to 2017, first half of the year the runners + the suit maintains heat, and second half of the year the distribution + export relays increase.
3. "Property profitability is evident in the industry's climate - Long Lungi: We expect that the first half of 2016 will be repeated in the domestic market in the first half of this year.
The state of the crystal market; and as distributed projects gradually reach the peak of installation (due to the lack of downward subsidies and the lack of incentives to install high-priced components in the first half of the year) and the speed at which companies export single crystal components, they will effectively compensate for the weakening of the industry during the second half of the year, leading to a growth in the relay.
The best logical test of over-expected performance is that the company's growth attributes as a “cyclical growth stock” will accelerate market recognition: photovoltaic manufacturing is a more typical “cyclical growth industry”, but it is nearer.
The cyclical and growth attributes have been weakened in two years as the industry has grown in size, the policy downturn in some end-markets and the concentration of the industry; however, the continued rise in single crystal ratios and leading business markets over the next three to five years will ensure sustainable growth in the company ' s performance and its growth attributes.
Market recognition and matching valuations will be achieved over time, and we believe that, as continued over-expected performance materializes, the corporate bias in “cyclical growth shares” will gradually be recognized by the market, and the valuation will be reflected accordingly, maintaining the “buy-in” rating and maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Figure 1: Summary of three statements Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.