Silver and Thai resources (000975) Production and sales operations are getting better, buy-back plans are building up confidence, Silver and Thai resources (000975) are being evaluated in three quarters.
The company disclosed three-quarterly reports in 2018 that it achieved operating income of $3.68 billion during the reporting period, an increase of 156.80 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $479 million, an increase of 101.34 per cent over the same period (of which 2018q3 achieved net return profits of $207 million, five dragon mining performance was released and the supply chain support system was further refined
During the reporting period, the company’s Yulong mine, which is one of the main-power mines, was functioning well, and production was on schedule, providing strong support for the company’s rapid growth in its performance. The release of approximately 710,000 ores disposed of in the first three quarters of the Yulong mine also benefited in part from the company’s day-to-day well-developed supply chain operating system – during the reporting period, Gintai.
The Unit, compared to the 300-degree movement, has pioneered a number of new types of operations and has taken the first step in overseas deployment, with a business model and a pool of talent that have gradually matured and laid a solid foundation for the development of the company's operations.
The gold mining business has steadily advanced and the growth space has opened up. The company's gold assets have been operating smoothly during the reporting period — the black river, Rockstone, has maintained a high grade of gold ore selection, with an average grade of up to 15 g/t, and has been produced for 330 days a year: the White Hill gold mine.
At 3.09 g/t, ore disposal was close to 600,000 tons; in addition, the rehabilitation of the Qinghai gold mine is proceeding as planned, and production is expected to resume in the first half of 2019, when the company’s performance will be further enhanced.
\triangleright plans to buy back shares by a centralized competitive bidding for the first shareholder and the actual controlling person on 3 and 18 September, respectively, to buy back no more than $300 million at a price not exceeding $10 per share.
The company’s shareholders and management have sent a positive message to the market through the “plus plus buy-back” combination, which will further boost investor confidence.
Research assistant: Sun Woo-Sun, metal prices have fallen significantly, mining projects have not advanced as expected, and the grade of mines has fallen as expected. 1. Silver and Thai resources (000975), 2018 reported: gold
2. Silver-Thai Resources (000975), annual review: healthy internal growth, new gold mine ready for launch.
The company ' s financial statement projections are summarized. Liu Mengjing, Director of Nonferrous Metal Directions, was employed in Anteco, six years of experience in research in the basic metals industry, and joined the civil securities in 2017. Sun Woo-sun, Master of Arts, Beijing University, joined the non-ferrous metal industry and corporate research in 2017.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.