In the first half of 2023, the US Group (000333) reported a gradual improvement in corporate operations. On a quarterly basis, in 2023, 01 and 02, the company's business history is high. This is largely due to the company's continued focus on core business and products, profitability and profitability.
31 August 2023 Further improvements in core indicators, such as cash flows, reflect the long-term dynamic of corporate business resilience and high-quality growth as leading firms.
In the first half of 2023, company heating air conditioning generated $9,270 million, an increase of 10.54 per cent, consumer appliances, $68,136 million, an increase of 2.72 per cent, robotics, automated systems and other manufacturing industries.
The same growth rate of 11.09 per cent and 3.47 per cent, and the country benefited better from a recovery in stimuli and consumption, the overall recovery in demand, the expected increase in corporate investment in marketing channels, etc., and the increase in sales costs, which resulted in an optimisation of net interest rates at less than Māori rates.
As a result of the steady price of raw materials and the fall in maritime prices, the Māori ratio of company heating to air conditioners, consumer appliances, robotics, and automated system products has been optimized by the same ratio. Companies in the Chinese region have advanced fully to implement the Count One strategy.
In the first half of the year, U.S. products were ranked first in seven categories: domestic air conditioners, desktop microwaves, desktop ovens, electric heaters, electromagnetic stoves, water kettles, electric fans, etc., both on and off the domestic line. The shares of domestic air conditioning were 36.0% and 36.0%, respectively.
Investment proposals: It is beautiful to have a global group of five major business units, one that covers smart-house industries, electromechanicals, heating and buildings, robotics and automation, digital innovation, product innovation, diversified business layout, and a strong integrated competition.
Note: The “market index” of this rating system,a shares refer to a depth 300 index: the three new three-board reference point is a three-board guide. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle and low” risk, a “stable” investor is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium risk”, a “positive” investor is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium and high risk” level, and a “radical” investor is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.