Event: On the evening of 9 August, the American Group issued an announcement based on the corporate deepening of the global strategy layout \triangleright
It is expected to be issued on a large scale, subject to the requirements of the offshore regulators.
Financing overseas operations and deepening the external development landscape: the American group, as a globalized scientific and technical group, has launched the issue of securities abroad, which we believe can be compared to the previous Hair Jieyang.
The distribution of h and d shares has helped companies to finance their overseas operations more easily, and has contributed to the long-term development of American overseas operations.
At the same time, the supply chain has been configured globally, with seven major groups, namely, Haile, Kassati, Fischer, Gea, and the equivalent of 51.8 per cent of Heir's foreign income at the end of the 22nd year.
By the end of 22 years, the American group now has 18 overseas production bases and 24 sales operators, with about 30,000 overseas employees. With regard to brand names, the United States is already in the sea.
There's a rich array of brands in various fields of business, such as Toshiba, eureka, cofee, clivet, high-end central air-conditioning, high-tech, motinova, kuka, swisslog, etc.
More flexible financing means to better deepen the layout of overseas markets and to foster robotics, industrial distribution h shares to provide a stock holding platform to enrich the valuation system: the latest (8 August) foreign-to-American shareholding ratio reached 29.99 per cent, compared to an average of 28.58 per cent over the past year.
Equity not only provides an additional channel for foreign holding but also creates more room for foreign holding companies to share a share. The investor structure of the company is also expected to change to further enrich the corporate valuation system, fully reflecting the value of the company’s investment.
The value of the investment under the high dividends rate was highlighted: in 22 years, the cash share of the company was $17.2 billion, about $66.9 billion (currency + transactional financial assets) and the cash reserves after the increase in the shares were further consolidated. (Not considering the increase in the spread of the spreads, ps), taking into account the higher share of the cash + the repurchase rate of the previous years, the investment price
Profit forecast and investment rating: we take good note of the corporate c-end +b end double-wheeled business layout, \triangleright Sinda Securities Inc.
I don't know what you're talking about, cindasecuritiesco.
In July 2020, it joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the home and electricity industry.
In 2022, he joined the Sindam voucher for research in the household appliances industry, covering, inter alia, white power, small household electricity, and parts and components.
Uko, member of the team. Master of Finance, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College, London. Joined Sinda Securities in 2022 to study the household appliances industry, covering mainly cleaning appliances and cooking panels.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.