The U.S. Group (0003333.sz) Wang Wei Chul is growing rapidly in air conditioning and robotics, 23h1 net profit yoy + 14%
Youy+12.5% of the company’s performance is slightly better than expected. Of this, q2 achieved $10.160 billion in the quarter, q2 achieved $9.20.0 billion in the heating and air conditioning business, and oy+10.5%, mainly due to early heat weather in the south and the continued high temperatures in the North plain of China, driving the sale of heat and summer air conditioning, and, by the way,
(b) Consumer and electrical services received $68.14 billion, or oy+2.7 per cent, owing to a fall in raw material prices and an increase of 2.3 percentage points to 23.4 per cent in the same rate for heating and air-conditioning plates;
And -1.5%, while corporate consumer appliances as a whole perform slightly better than industry, also benefit from raw material prices. Robots, automation and other manufacturing plates benefit from the introduction of new robots and orders in the PV, lithium, medical and other industries, which generate $17.26 billion, yoy + 26.1%.
A 2.3 percentage point increase in the product mix over the same period, benefiting from a fall in raw material prices, and, as an analysis above, each business has recovered by more than 2 percentage points. The cost for the period q2 was 14.1 per cent, an increase over the same period.
Deepening tob business changes and building a second-growth curve: companies are pushing from the traditional hardware product mix to the landscape solution, 23h1tob generating 13.6 billion yuan, yoy+12 per cent of industrial technology, building technology generating $14.8 billion, yoy+21 per cent, robotics and automation generating $15.2 billion.
The company is also active in building three product lines, namely, auto heat management, power-driven systems, and chassis execution systems, with a total of 250,000 sales, car electric voltage, new spot co-operation projects with potential value expected to exceed $3.5 billion, and heat management integration models.
The group is expected to produce more than $300 million, and the 800-v-carbed silicon high-speed electric compressor product, developed autonomously, continues to gain the approval of more new customers. In addition, companies are actively involved in the national grid, the Southern grid project, and the acceleration of localization in North America to expand overseas orders.
In robotics, new products are being introduced on an ongoing basis, providing a holistic solution to the mainstream new energy-based whole-carrying process, and actively exploring the field of medical robots. Profit predictions and investment proposals: given that the Māori rate of companies’ operations is rising better than expected, we go ahead.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.