The need for industrial automation continues to expand, the transformers perform well, and most operations have long-term growth space.
Large, you know, three quarters before 2017, where you've got the technology to collect yoy + 27.6% of the year, where industrial automation markets have gained momentum, companies have continued to deploy the frequency changer market, new energy businesses, recent years of steady growth, servers and orbital transport operations have great potential to grow in the future, in the first three quarters of 2017.
The company achieved $3.13 billion, yoy+27.57%, net profit to the mother of $720 million, yoy+5.03%. We are expected to see long-term growth of the company and give buy-in investment advice.
The domestic market has gained the status of leader among local companies, with the main products being the general frequency transformer and the elevator integrated frequency transformer. The generic product is widely used, with the industries downstream including cranes, textiles, metallurgicals, chemicals, etc.
The unique needs of the industry have yielded good performance, with a generic revenue of $740 million, yoy + 52.3 per cent in the previous three quarters, while another large block of elevator integrated frequency transformers has grown at a pace as real estate investments have been completed. The new energy business is the fastest growing block of companies in recent years.
The new energy automobile industry, strongly supported by government policy, has increased sales five times in just three years, and the company is new. In the future, the new energy industry is still on the upwards track, and the company's new energy business is expected to continue to stabilize.
During the rapid growth phase, production reached 95,000 units in the first three quarters of 17 years, with yoy+69.4%, and is expected to reach 230,000 units by 2020. The growth of industrial robots has spurred demand for servers, while revenues in the first three quarters of the company server business have reached $510 million, yoy+112.9%.
As local firms accumulate core technology, domestic firms are expected to take over the cake and expect future breakthroughs in orbital traffic: the domestic transport track is about to enter a fast-growing phase.
The former internal urban track is 4153 km and, according to the local government plan, the subway will reach 6,200 km by 2020 and 11,700 km by 2050, which will account for half of the world ' s track mileage. In such a large market, the company and the Suzhou subway have been contracted for a tram in Qing island to provide guidance.
Control system, with $229 million in rail traffic operations completed throughout 2016, with an additional 5.3 orders focused on R & D inputs, with equity incentives resurfacing: during the year, companies strengthened their R & D inputs, one third of whom were R & D personnel, reflecting the importance that companies attach to R & D personnel.
In a highly contested environment, the company's focus on R & D is expected to raise brand visibility and enhance the company's competitive profile of Hitchuan Technology.
Companies are engaged in industrial automation, providing high-tech industrial products to many traditional industries. After years of research and development inputs and branding of products, companies have become the leaders of indigenous industrial automation enterprises. Currently, the company ' s main revenue-producing products are transformers, servers, and new energy controllers, which have been growing steadily in recent years.
As a whole, which accounts for half of the revenue received, servers and new energy businesses are in the process of accelerating their distribution as a result of the expanding demand in downstream industries, with a gradual increase in the annual revenue ratio.
The transformer industry’s domestic leader, bright performance, is a power-control device that provides energy savings and speed-shifting through the use of variable frequency technologies and microelectronics. As domestic industrial automation continues to increase, the transformer is gradually becoming more widely used.
The technology threshold is high, domestic firms are not building up as much core technology as foreign brands, the market is dominated by foreign brands abb and Siemens, with two companies accounting for one-third of the market. But, through years of research and development and branding, the technology in Sinkuan now outpaces Japanese brands and domestic and local firms.
The company ' s frequency transformer operation reached $1.55 billion, yoy+30 per cent, with a 50 per cent collection ratio in the first three quarters of 17 years, mainly based on general frequency transformers and elevator integration transformers.
The industrial and industrial recovery and the climate of the year have raised the demand for automation in downstream industries. The company has seized the opportunity to use a variety of marketing channels to meet the unique needs of downstream industries.
740 million yuan, yov+52.3 per cent, the company transformer, another block of the elevator integrated frequency transformer, has grown steadily, with the first three quarters of the period of elevator integration, when $810 million was collected and yoy+18.3 per cent of the elevator transformer operations were driven mainly by the movement of the real estate industry.
In the first three quarters of 2006, 80.6 trillion yuan was invested in domestic real estate, and yoy + 8.1%, a steady increase. Because of the size of the real estate market, domestic elevator sales were the first in the world, with 900,000 in 2016. In the same time, the company elevators market also included the warranty of old elevators, with domestic elevator holdings reaching 49.37 million in 2016.
The old elevators, combined with the growth of the new elevators, provide a huge market for the company, and the business will continue to develop in the future.
The company’s new energy automobile business, which is dominated by the manufacture of new energy car controllers, has grown dramatically as a result of new energy, which is favoured by policy. As early as 2014, the domestic government began to support new energy vehicles, subsidizing the new energy sector by up to 7 billion dollars a year.
The development of electronic motor power systems and industrial chain technological systems, with a target of more than 2 million vehicles and a cumulative production of more than 5 million vehicles by 2020. With such strong government guidance, the country’s sales of new energy vehicles have grown dramatically, rising to 84,000 in the previous year’s sales of 20,000 vehicles in 2015.
vov+28.5%. The company ' s new energy business has increased in size as a whole. In 2012, it earned only 22 million, but in 2016 it reached 845 million, raising the share of the total from 2%. It is worth mentioning that in the first half of 2017, the government adjusted its subsidies for the new energy vehicle industry, and the new energy customers.
The company’s new energy business, whose main customer is a bus company, has also lost between vov-48% and $146 million in the first half of 2017. But in the third quarter, when the volume of bus sales was released, the company’s new energy major client, Yuyuki, showed signs of warming in January-October, achieving a cumulative sales of 46,000.
In the short term, a reduction in government subsidies could have a negative impact on corporate sales, delaying the company’s new energy business. But, in the long run, the new energy industry is still on the rise, and the company’s future growth in the production and sale of new energy vehicles has led to a sustained increase in the company’s new energy sources.
There is considerable scope for business development. Figure 11: Revenue from new energy operations in HSBC (millions of dollars)
Industrial robots are an integral part of the process of upgrading production capabilities in the broader context of automation and intellectual development. Industrial robots currently use the broadest areas to make cars, but they are also beginning to expand.
Other industries. Because China is a major manufacturing country with a huge demand for automation, industrial robot production is on the air. In 2016, 72,000 domestic robots were sold, yoy + 119%, and in the first three quarters of 2017, high rates were maintained, 95,000, yoy + 69.4%, and by 2020, industrial robots were on the domestic scale.
In the first three quarters, the company achieved $510 million, yoy+112.9%, an increase of 7 percentage points to 16.3%, while the domestic server market was the same.
This is because of technology, which is dominated by foreign brands. Foreign firms now account for about 70% of the entire server market.
Looking forward to future breakthroughs in orbital traffic, the future of domestic orbital traffic will be in a period of rapid development. According to the 2016 statistical report issued by the Urban Orbital Transport Association, the country's orbital lines are currently 4153 km long.
There will be rapid growth, with national track operations expected to reach 6,200 km in 2020 and 11,700 km in 2050, or half of the world’s total orbit mileage. Orbital scale expansion will provide a significant boost to orbital traction and control systems, with an estimated market demand of about 10 billion dollars over the next five years, and the company’s orbital potential is enormous.
The company has signed a contract with Suzhou subway to provide a towed control system for Suzhou subway, and in 2016 the track traffic industry completed 230 million yuan, with an additional order of 530 million yuan, which is expected to grow in the future as the total orbit length increases. Figure 15: Size of the domestic track (km, %)
December 8, 2017, emphasis on R & D inputs, equity incentives to re-enter the land.
In 2017, firms stepped up their efforts to develop products, and research and development members saw the importance and input that they attach to R & D members. Research and development products now consist mainly of transformers and new sources of energy, two modules that support growth.
On the other hand, md500 power transformers, md810 multitransmitters, and md880 multitransmitters are the most advanced products, with the aim of increasing the ability of the general frequency transformers to enhance the company’s competitiveness and visibility in the market for the transformers. On new energy sources, the main research and development product is the power control, and the continuous development of internationally competitive electricity.
Machine controllers, which provide a new energy sector, generate demand for power controllers. Looking ahead, domestic firms are less skilled than foreign firms, and the long-term return on the company’s investment in new products can enhance the company’s competitiveness and provide a good future for the company.
Despite the strong competition faced by companies, the industrial landscape is high and the main business development space is high, and we see a market share price of 43 and 35 times the price for 17 and 18 years, respectively, for which investments are made. 1. Industry is highly competitive and the industry is recovering less than expected.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.