Researchchand developmentcenter with a low-valued and elastic coal blowing industry leader

As the country's leader in the coal-blowing industry, with its own intellectual property rights, coal-poor, lean coal-high furnace blowing technology is the only new technology enterprise involved in coal production and is the coal industry's “specialized epoxy” (601699.sh).
We believe that the company's own coal assets are of good quality, and that it pursues the concept of a profit-making business, good corporate governance, good governance, robust business, and an endogenous growth space for coal production, and that coal products are sold at market prices and perform with high elasticity. At the same time, the company is now in a net position.
The company focuses on coal masters, whose main products are coal blowing and coal mixing. The coal business is the company’s main revenue, accounting for 91% of total revenue; the coal plate is 30.2 billion yuan, or 99.7% of the total.
Coal and blow-out are the company’s main products. The company’s main coal species are thin coal, lean coal, and poor coal. The main products to be sold are four main categories of coal blowing, coal mixing, coal washing, coal-washing, coal-washing, etc. Of these, coal blowing and coal are the company’s main coal species, which account for more than 90% of the company’s coal sales.
In 2022, coal-blowing camps received 27.550 billion yuan, accounting for Bida, which benefited from a double increase in production and prices and cost control, and the company’s performance increased significantly in 2022. The volume has been growing, with primary coal production at 8.21% in five years and merchandise sales at 5 years.
Merchandise coal sales increased by 17.22 per cent from 52.94 million tons, or 5.14 per cent, of which 38 per cent were blow-outs and 931 dollars per ton/ton in 2022, respectively, of which 1351 dollars/tons were blow-outs, or 25.22 per cent; and mixed coal sales.
3.92 per cent, 2023q1 company tons of coal are sold at a cost of $351 per ton, down from 2022 throughout the year.
The company was the first in the coal industry and the only high-tech technology.
In March 2023, the company was selected to create a world-class model of excellence. The company could produce a “three-high” (high heat, high heat stability, high ash melting), and two.
Low (low ash, low volatilization), three very low (very low sulfur, very low phosphorus, very low chlorine)” high furnace blowing coal has a more competitive advantage.
The company has high-quality assets and continues to operate profitably, with a strong performance. The company has a high yield and a large single well. By the end of 2022, the company had a stock of 1,405 million tons of mainly non-integrated mineable resources, with a combined capacity of 47.3 million tonnes/year, with a rich, long-term and deep capital.
A combination of “plus (accelerated resource expansion) and less (promotion of lower efficiency) and (continue to extend the chain) off (deeper internal reforms) is expected to drive high-quality corporate development.
At the bottom, the company roe (weighted) was 33.98 per cent, far below the average impairment level (-volume) of the company listed in the main sample of coal, in the highest level (reversion to RMB 27 million) of the Shinwan coal mining industry (28), which helped to support the firm ' s sound operation.
The target of more than 80 per cent asset securitization in provincial state-owned enterprises was set for the year. By the end of 2022, the equity securitization rate for the Chems Group was 27.57 per cent, the capacity securitization rate was 50 per cent and it was still in place.
Without considering the integration of the mine and the Xinjiang base, 35 million tonnes/year of mine blow-up assets remain unlisted in the group. The company is actively engaged in three years of high-quality development of the mine, and domestic production is expected to continue to grow.
At the same time, the company’s overall association of directors is low, and the market-based sales model is flexible.
The ACEC has a relatively low share of sales of coal for the market, especially when the ACCP is open-ended, the price of blow-up coal follows market price fluctuations and is expected to support the public sector when the price of coal rises.
Itd Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, which accounts for 60.17% of the net profit to the mother, with a red mark on the main sample coal company in a share.
Coal is listed first. As of 11 August, the company pe (ttm) was 4.37, which is also below the average of the four companies that blow coal/coal without smoke (4.69).
At the same time, companies have low valuations, high cash and high dividends, which are expected to be revalued. Closing as of 11 August.
(b) Risk factors: significant macroeconomic downsides; short-term impact of changes in domestic and foreign energy policies; risk of major coal safety incidents; and significant changes in corporate development planning;
1) The only high-tech enterprise in the coal industry, the “Supremely New” company in the coal industry, was the first and only one in the country, and in 2022 it was recognized by the high-tech industry, and continued to enjoy a 10% tax policy. In March 2023, the company was selected to create a new model of world-class excellence.
List of companies. 2 companies with autonomous intellectual property rights have access to poor coal, lean coal furnace blowing technology, which has received the National Science and Technology Progress Award, the National Science and Technology Progress Award, and others. 3 companies can produce “three highs” (high heat, high heat stability, high ash melting), two lows (low ash, low volatilization), three lows (very low sulfur, very low phosphorus, very lows).
"Calinium)" high furnaces have a more competitive advantage in blowing coal. (2) Companies have high-quality assets and continue to promote profitable operations, guaranteeing firm stability, 2 companies have high and large production capacity, with a combined advanced capacity of 47.3 million tonnes per year by the end of 2022.
The Division's impairment loss is much lower than a share of the main sample coal company listed, and in 2022 the asset loss reverted back to 37 million yuan, well below the average value of a share of the main sample coal company listed (by 1357 million yuan).3 The company promotes a culture of “counting” guided by a profit-minded approach, using a combination of “plus” (accelerating resource expansion) and “reduced” (promoting the reduction of efficiency gains) multiplied (along the extension chain).
In addition to deepening internal reforms, it is expected to drive high-quality corporate development. 4 companies have strong profitability, excellent solvency, and by the end of 2022, the company ' s roe (weighted) stood at 33.98 per cent, ranking fifth in the Shinwan coal mining industry (28). 3) Intra-generative growth & high-flexibility blowout, with higher performance elasticity.
The rate of securitization of the 1-Mine Group was low, with 27.57 per cent by the end of 2022. The capacity securitization rate was 50 per cent and there was still much room for improvement, with 35 million tons of coal blow-up assets remaining unlisted in the group.2 The company is actively engaged in three years of high-quality development of the mine, focusing on coal resource applications and on the construction of the mine (coal mine only).
The technology improvement project reached 3.9 million tonnes/year, accelerated the promotion of 1.2 million tonnes of production capacity in the Ida, Black Dragon, and the three Black Dragons, as well as planned extraction links, and actively released coal production and growth is expected to accelerate. The three companies have a monthly agreement to blow coal, which is open-ended prices, and the price of blow-up follows market prices. Only 40% of the coal mix is sold at market prices.
Coal blow-outs and coal sales were over 90%, the overall CAG rate was lower, and performance was more flexible. 4) High dividends, low valuations, and higher configuration prices were the first.2 Vertically, the company pe (ttm) stood at 3.19 as at 11 August, which was about 0.78% in the last five years.
It was 4.37 in 2023 and was also below the average of 4 coal blowing/smoking-free companies (4.69).