On 4 December 2022, in order to enhance the capacity of foreign trade vehicles to transport their rolling stock, the company signed two plus four with the recruiting industry.
900 ceu (standard parking) methanol double fuel pctc (car roller transporter); on 5 December, the company signed a contract with the heavy ship, China, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, for the construction of two 175,000 cubic metres of large liquid gas (lng) transport vessels. We believe that the company's strategic layout of the vehicle and the eng Sea Sea
Two medium- and long-term high-window tracks, with expanding boundaries, will have a stronger global lead in integrated shipping, will have a more volatile or reduced business cycle, and will hopefully open up a new growth space for companies, reaffirming their weak cycle
Long platform attributes, maintenance of company ratings. Medium- and long-term high-winding track, expanding boundaries, global integrated shipping taps will become stronger, and business cycles will fluctuate.
New-energy vehicle-based domestic vehicle exports have increased significantly, and the company's strategic deployment of vehicle-based maritime transport aids is likely to be reduced, with the prospect of further opening up of the company's new growth. The country's automobile export market has grown faster in the last two years, doubling the volume of automobile exports in 2021, according to the FMC.
Space, reaffirming its weak cycle growth platform attributes, maintaining public data, in January-October 2022, China exported 2,62 million vehicles, an increase of 52 per cent over the previous eight months, and for the first time in the first eight months of this year, we exported more cars than Germany, after Japan.
The stability and cost advantage of the response chain, the rapid growth in the export of new energy vehicles, is a central driver of automobile exports, which in January-October this year stood at 853,000 vehicles, an increase of 86% from the previous year. There is a significant increase in the demand for cars out of the sea, and the capacity of marine automobiles to transport the international roller coasting market is “one-class” due to short-term difficulties of delivery.
The Russian-Turkish conflict has led to an increase in lang maritime trade, and the company’s forward-looking layout opens up new opportunities for growth.
Changed Europe's natural gas trade pattern, first of all, the Russian gas supply cut-off, which forced Europe to increase its maritime transport, and the future share of ng trade in natural gas is expected to increase, while Europe will seek an increase in ng imports from the United States to replace some of the Russian gas, and the current freight costs of eng shipping have broken out.
Half a million dollars per day, we believe, will remain high in the future for a long time, and the company's new lang ship is in line with the company's multi-operational development strategy and will contribute to the long-term development of the company's hydrocarbon core, and the company's three-quarters report has revealed that lang will operate independently, and we regard the company's lang fleet as long-term.
The company has expanded its fleet over the past five years, has now formed a two-tier oil and dispersion industry, and is now expanding the company’s borders through additional vehicle and eng shipping. In the past, the company’s rolling-over operations were mainly focused on the domestic market, and the company will be large in the future.
We believe that the corporate future of integrated global shipping will become stronger, while multi-business synergies are expected to reduce the volatility of the company's business cycle and reaffirm the company's weak growth cycle.
Three-month-a-day platform attributes with an average turnover of millions of yuan. Oil transport needs are not as high as expected, fuel prices are rising sharply, the risk of a sharp fall in aggregate prices, and global industrial performance.
Merchant Shipping: Multi-factor Catalysts for Oil Transport, EQUALITY FOR SECRETARIAT INVESTMENT SERVICES Transport: Shipping Ports