Research Center for Resources and the Environment, titanium powder, which continues to rise, looks at the growth of corporate performance.
1. Introduction of the Draft Equity Incentives, High Qualifications, High Coverage - Corporate Review (Long Python)
Cost-Favoured Construction of Protector Rivers, titanium powder For the first time in the industry, the future carrier-Long Python Aperture Corporation RMB/t$1,000/t, with an incremental increase in international customer prices of $100/t, $150/t,
The price for titanium powder continues to rise from 2021 at Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn.
Wang Minghui expects titanium to continue to rise, and companies will have a cost advantage in preparing their own mines. titanium is more than half the cost of titanium powder, and domestic resource endowments limit the capacity of titanium resources to meet domestic demand and global demand.
Major titanium producers, with no significant capital spending will in recent years, increased demand for lower titanium powder, further strained raw materials, and global supply remained strained. The price of titanium concentrate has increased from $2060/tonne to around $2,400/t since the beginning of 2021, an increase of 16.5%, and the company's own titanium.
Extended development of titanium operations and battery materials with high long-term growth and maintenance of an “uptake” rating. Increased chlorination capacity has resulted in excess capacity in the industry; risk of chlorinated titanium powder technology and less than expected releases from the project; downside industry demand; downside titanium landscape; faster stock and receivables increase.
Equity pledge risk, goodwill loss risk, major shareholder risk reduction, etc. In 2020, the epidemic affected the same decline in net profit returns as in the year 2020.  The company issued its annual report for 2020: the company achieved business income of $14.164 billion a year, up from the same time.
▪ The company issues a quarterly performance report with $4,598 million (yoy+24.18 per cent) in 2021q1; the mother ' s net profit is $1,061 million (yoy+17.77 per cent). The year 2020 saw a rise in the year-on-year ratio and a decline in the year-on-year net profit.
141.08 billion yuan (Yoy24.21 per cent), resulting in a net profit of 2,289 million yuan (Yoy-11.77 per cent), a year-on-year decline in the average price of withholding titanium powder and a sharp increase in the price of raw titanium mines, some of which require out-sourcing, resulting in a decrease in the Māori rate of company titanium operations from 43.06 per cent to 35.99 per cent.
This narrow harvest has led to a year-long decline in corporate net profits. The same year-on-year rate has risen significantly, mainly as a result of the company's increased capacity to produce titanium powder with chlorination, and the return of titanium powder to overseas demand over the next half-years.
The introduction of equity incentives to bind core staff has led to a significant increase in management costs and interest rates.
The company’s sales cost in 2020 was $319 million, a decrease of 31.03 per cent in the same year, and the company’s contribution of $300 million to the establishment of Henan Song New Materials Technology Ltd. in Xiaoyang, Henan Province, resulting in an increase in employee remuneration, depreciation and other costs incurred in the current year compared with the previous year;
539 million yuan, an increase of 29.42 per cent in the same year; 163 million yuan in financial costs, an increase of 1.32021q1 in the same year, a marked increase in performance and an increase in overseas demand due to the resurgence of the epidemic
(yoy+32.8 per cent), 2.650 billion yuan (yoy+2.1 per cent), and 3,588 million yuan (2021q1) performed well, mainly as a result of the warming of the downstream real estate market and the recovery of overseas demand.
Figure 8: Quarterly corporate revenue collection and speed of growth Chart 9: Quarterly net profits and speed of growth of the company
The demand for titanium powder is expected to continue to be good. The titanium powder is an excellent white pigment with high cover, colorful, weather-resistant features, and is mainly applied downstream in the paint, plastic, paper, ink, etc. The paint industry accounts for about 60% of the downstream market for titanium powder, and the end of the paint industry is dominated by the downstream.
In the real estate sector, there was a cumulative increase of 104.9 per cent over the same year in the sale of goods in the real estate sector in February 2021, and demand for titanium powder is expected to continue to be good. $150/tonne, $150/tonne, $150/tonne, with a larger increase.
16,600 to 20,100 ton/ton at the beginning of the year, the price of r-108 increased from the initial price in 2021 Figure 11: Increase in the market area for downstream houses per year
Housing completion area: cumulative year-on-year area of commercial housing sales: cumulative year-on-year 2.2 projection of titanium landscape continued, with cost advantages for company-owned mines
It is expected that titanium will remain on a tight footing and continue to grow. titanium costs are more than half the price of titanium powder, and titanium prices have a significant impact on titanium powder prices. From the entire chain of titanium industry, titanium deposits are 63.8% of the year, domestic resource constraints are compounded by no new mining rights, titanium resources are produced.
The world’s major titanium producers have not been willing to spend much on capital in recent years. Since the fall of titanium prices in 2012, the world’s major titanium suppliers have been cutting their investments sharply, with virtually no new global supply of mines in 2013-2018, and some of them gradually picking up.
At the end of the mining process, the supply of high-grade titanium mines will continue to decline. The demand for top-down titanium powder has improved, further straining raw materials, and the global supply continues to remain tense.
Accompanying capacity of 600,000 tonnes/year titanium concentrate: 207 companies have again completed the acquisition of 200,000 tonnes/yearly capacity for riel ore, and the company now has 800,000 tonnes/year titanium ore. In addition to its own raw materials, the company has signed an agreement with Rill or Titan to secure the supply of titanium ore and reduce the volatility of the raw materials at the cost.
Impacts. According to information from Begawa, the price of titanium concentrate rose from $2060 per ton to about $2,400 per ton at the beginning of 2021, an increase of 16.5 per cent, the cost of titanium powder continued to rise, and the price differential for titanium continued to grow, with clear corporate cost advantages.
Figure 15: Price differentials for corporate sulphate titanium powder. 2.3 The expansion of chlorinated titanium powder has been successful, and companies with large-scale boiling-to-chlorine technology in tonnes/year have been in absolute leadership over their domestic competitors.
In 2016, the company introduced 60,000 tonnes/year chlorination production lines (expected to increase to 100,000 tonnes/year in 2021) and Yunnan ' s new chlorination production lines, both of which introduced German titanium, and after five to six years of operation and absorption of the technology, the company now has the bulk of the boiling chlorine.
On the basis of the completion of the first stage of production, two production lines were launched in May 2019 and November 2019 for the company ' s 200,000-ton/chloride phase II, with each of the first two production lines operating at a rate of over 60% and a maximum rate of 80%.
With sufficient supplies of raw materials, the company ' s chlorination method II project is expected to reach full production in 2021, bringing the company ' s chlorination method to 300,000 tonnes/year, and its total output to 360,000 tonnes/year after the acquisition of the new titanium industry in Yunnan. In addition, the company ' s 200,000 tonnes/year chlorination facility is expected to be operational in 2022.
In 2022, the company is expected to produce 560,000 tons of titanium chloride per year, accelerating the process to high-end areas. The cost of future titanium powder chlorination will continue to decrease as a result of the company’s own production of titanium chloride slag and the construction of a green manufacturing project for titanium thiochloride.
Tons of tons of high-quality iron to stabilize the national production and supply of raw materials for the chlorinated titanium powder and high-end titanium alloy projects, with a construction cycle of two years, expected to be operational in 2021; and company-owned innovation to build a green manufacturing project of 300,000 tons of thiochlor-coated titanium per year, based on the Totogio as a home-based sulphate.
It also has chlorination production lines, which combine sulphate waste acids with the imported titanium gold ore for synthetic gold ore, and significantly reduce the tri-sulfur acid emissions while reducing the pressure on the production costs of chlorination.
▪ The Equity Incentives Plan was successfully implemented and the individual interests of companies, shareholders, and core teams were reconciled. On 9 March 2021, the Corporate Board of Directors considered and adopted the Restrictive Stock Incentives Plan 2021 (draft). The number of restricted shares awarded this time was 152 million, representing the Equity Incentives Plan
At the time of the first announcement, 6.79% of the total corporate equity stock was announced. The successful implementation of this Equity Incentives Plan has resulted in the further development of incentives for corporate long-term effectiveness, the attraction and retention of excellence, the full mobilization of senior managers, middle managers and core technical (operational) cadres, and the effectiveness of these incentives.
Completing shareholder interests, corporate interests and the individual interests of the core team and promoting the long-term, sustained, stable and healthy development of the company.
On 19 February 2021, in response to the business and strategic development needs of the company, and in order to speed up the implementation of the innovation-driven green development strategy, the company's fully-owned subsidiary, Henan Bari New Energy Materials, was limited to 30 million yuan yuan to finance the establishment of Henan Longing New Materials Technology in Xiaoyang City, Henan Province.
This investment does not constitute a related transaction, nor does it constitute a major asset reorganization under the Measures for the Reorganization of Significant Assets of Listed Companies.
On 24 December 2020, the company convened its seventh provisional stockholders ' meeting in 2020, which considered and adopted the Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families.
On 7 August 2020, the company convened its fifth interim shareholders ' conference in 2020, which considered and adopted the " Agreement on the Establishment of Subsidiary Companies " .
The bill on guarantees, the bill on financial network service agreements between companies and banks, distributors and customers, and the bill on guarantees and related transactions for participating public departments.
On 28 May 2020, the company convened its third interim shareholders ' conference in 2020, which considered and adopted the Bill on the Company ' s Compliance with the Conditions for Non-Publicly Issued Shares, the Bill on the Company ' s Non-Public Issued Stock Scheme, the Bill on the Analysis of the Feasibility of the Use of Equity Raised in this Closed Issue, and the Immediate Return on the Undistributed Stock Scale,
Bill to fill immediate return measures and related commitments, Bill to request the Shareholders Assembly to delegate to the Board of Directors full authority over the issue, Bill on Companies, Bill on <Report on the Use of Previous Collections of Funds', Bill on the Signing of Companies with Specific Investors, Customs
The bill on the company ' s current undistributed shares involving related transactions, the bill on the company ' s plans for shareholder returns over the next three years (2020-2022), the bill on amendments, the bill on the distribution of profits in the first quarter of 2020, and the bill on the company ' s programme for the issuance of undisclosed shares to specific target groups, and the bill on the introduction of strategic investors were considered on a case-by-case basis.
On 22 April 2020, the company convened its second provisional shareholders ' assembly in 2020, which considered and adopted the Bill on the Election of Non-Independent Directors for the Board of Directors, the Bill on the Election of Independent Directors for the Board of Directors for the Board of Directors for the Board of Directors for the Board of Directors for the Board of Directors for the Board of Directors for the Board of Directors for the Board of Directors for the Board of Directors for the Board of Directors for the Board of Directors.
Bill by the President, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board, and senior managers on the management of remuneration, the bill on amendments, the bill on guarantees and related transactions for the Orientian industry, a subsidiary of the Board of Directors of the Company, which considered and adopted the Restrictive Stock Incentives Scheme 2021 on 9 March 2021.
For a total of 4999 persons, the number of restricted shares granted was 152 million, representing 6.79% of the company ' s shares at the time of the first announcement of the Equity Incentives Plan. The first award was 142 million shares, accounting for the company ' s total equity at the time of the first announcement of the Equity Incentives Plan. On 19 February 2021, the company invested in the establishment of a fully-owned subsidiary.
In response to the innovation-driven green development strategy, the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Henan Bari New Energy Materials Ltd., which is to finance $30 million, will set up Henan Long Sing New Materials and Technology Ltd. On 23 April 2020, the company convened the second meeting of its seventh board of directors to consider the adoption of the " On Corporate Introduction of Strategic Investors " .
The Bill for the signing of the Strategic Cooperation Agreement to enter into force subject to conditions, and the Strategic Cooperation Agreement to enter into force between the company and ZUJU (Tianjin) Asset Management Ltd., Henan Assets Management Ltd., and Guangzhou City Hyun Won Investment Management Ltd., as of the date of its entry into force, the parties will no longer be bound by the Share Acquisition Agreement and the Strategic Cooperation Agreement and will no longer be entitled to the Share Purchase Agreement.
On 23 April 2020, at the second meeting of the Board of Directors of the seventh session of the Board of Directors, the Council considered and adopted the bill on the signing of a joint-stock purchase agreement with specific investors, agreeing to the agreement between the company and Xu Kong, Chang Yi, Yang Min Lei, Shin Qing Fei, Liu Hongxing, Wu Peng Sen,
On 20 February 2021, the company issued a public announcement on the signing of a tripartite regulatory agreement to collect funds. According to the company ' s Non-Public 2020 Agreement, the company signed an agreement for the purchase of shares by the United Group of Companies.
The Board of Trustees, at its thirteenth meeting, held on the day of the present fund-raising project, entitled “Construction of the production of 200,000 tons of chlorized titanium powder per year”, considered and adopted the Bill on the Use of Funds to Raise Loans to Holding Companies for the Implementation of the Fund-raising Project. To ensure the successful implementation of the fund-raising investment project, the company used part of the fund-raising to raise funds from Holdings.
We believe that the main growth in the company’s future performance will be in the release of chlorinated energy, titanium powder, continuous efficiency gains from the integration of the company’s industrial chain, and the extension of the industry’s chain to develop its operations and batteries.
(1) Prices of titanium powder sulphate: The titanium powder industry is expected to continue following 2021, with an average price of 1.80, 1.85 and 1.85 million tons of titanium powder sulphate for 2021-2023. (2) Prices of titanium powder for chlorination: watch the chloride titanium gas upgrade and the chlorination product
Ten thousand yuan per ton, of which the price of the new phase of titanium chloride is slightly lower than that of other bases, mainly due to increased market penetration from the introduction of the new product. (3) Progress on the release of the focal-based chlorination project: the continued capacity of the first phase of the 60,000 tons/year chlorination project
The project was substantially completed in the second quarter of 2019, with a total price of $1,500 per ton for titanium concentrate, $1,550 per ton, and $1,550 per ton.
Given that the titanium industry continues to grow and that the company benefits from being a titanium powder dragon, we see that the company will grow into a global titanium powder industry, that the extension of the chain of industry will develop the business of titanium and the long-term growth of the pool material, and that it will maintain an “uptake” rating.
▪ Risk of excess industrial capacity due to the continued increase in chlorination capacity: Although advanced early in the country, the production of chlorinated titanium powder technology has been slower than expected owing to the difficulty of producing technology, the introduction of high investment in technology and the long life of the test vehicle, among other factors, and we believe that the main concentration of additional chlorinated capacity in the short term is concentrated
But if a breakthrough in domestic chlorinated titanium powder technology leads to domestic dumping, there is a risk that the excess capacity of the chlorated titanium powder industry will lead to a fall in the price of titanium powder products. The company’s risk of chlorinated titanium powder technology and the risk of the project’s less-than-expected release: we expect
The continued increase in the production capacity of the company ' s hub for the 2nd 200,000 tonnes/year chlorination project is the company ' s failure to release the main increment and the company ' s ability to operate steadily on a phase-by-stage basis, but if the company ' s chlorination device is not operating in an unstable manner, it may result in the production of titanium chloride in a less advanced manner than expected.
▪ Risk of downside demand in the real estate and automobile industries: The downside demand for titanium powder is highly correlated with the real estate and car industry, we expect the real estate and car industry to get warmer, and if the downside of the real estate and automobile industry, there is a risk that titanium demand will fall short of expectations, which could cause companies to run.
The risk of falling titanium-based production prices and sales is not as high as expected. The risk of falling titanium-like landscapes: global titanium capital spending has declined and titanium has increased in recent years due to domestic resource constraints and the lack of new mining rights, titanium-based capacity reserves have not been able to meet domestic demand.
The demand for titanium powder and sponge titanium below the mine is better, and we expect that the supply of titanium will continue to be tight. If titanium is released, it will cause the titanium industry to go down, leading to the titanium industry.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment