There has been a significant increase in the profits from coal power, and new energy loadings are expected to hold the national electricity (600795) - the national electricity was reported in 2023.
Leung Yonan found a gold dividend of 2,140 million yuan, representing 38.16 per cent of the net return profit.
The net profits from coal/hydropower/wind/photovoltage were 8,523 million yuan and 2,489 million yuan, respectively, for the reporting period.
(b) The impact of water dehydration on flushes; the decline in wind and electricity profits was mainly due to the decline in the price of electricity on the Internet and the impact of impairments; and the increase in photovoltaic profits was mainly the result of high growth in installed machines and power generation, with corporate Māori rates and net interest rates of 14.62 per cent and 6.61 per cent, respectively, compared to 3.14 per cent for the reporting period;
Losses in assets, credit losses, combined, amount to 2,034 million yuan, and a substantial increase in coal electricity profits, expected to continue to rise in 2024. The price of coal has remained low, the price of electricity has remained stable, and the profitability of coal has increased significantly.
(a) A lower price of $934.96 per ton per unit per year, a decrease of $43.82 per ton per year, a decrease of 4.48 per cent;
At the time of the war, there had been a 3.9 per cent decline in the same year, mainly due to the transfer of the Ningxia area fire and electricity assets in September 2022; coal power, net profit on electricity at $0.023/kWh, with an increase of $0.013/kWh in the same year; market prices have been falling steadily since 2024, and from the beginning of the year to 15 April, the port of Qin had an average of 5,500 kcal powered coal.
At a price of $888 per ton, a decline of $228 per ton over the same period; on April 15, the port of Qin’s 5,500 kcal powered coal fell by $801 per ton over the same period, a decline of $202 per ton over the same period.
In the meantime, it is expected that the price of coal will fall and the profits from coal will continue to rise. Windlight will be installed more than 7gw, with a sustained acceleration in the year 2024-2025.
Photovoltaic access prices fell by 7.4 per cent and 8.2 per cent, respectively, while the record of 15.29gw was record high and project resources were well stocked. With wind power, upstream photovoltaic prices, the risk of higher than expected coal prices; new energy development was not as fast as expected; and the wind of lower Internet prices.
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.