Fire and electricity performance has increased significantly, and water has grown in a wide range of areas: on the evening of April 15th, 2024, the national electricity report was published in 2023.
Achieving business income of $18.999 billion, a decrease of 7.02 per cent over the same period; achieving a mother-to-child net profit of $5.609 billion Fire power: coal power pools have a significant advantage, and the company's performance on the pyrotechnic block is based on the basics. In 2023, it benefited from the continued upswing in national electricity prices and from the intra-group coal supply advantage of the company's fire plate.
There has been an increase in steady performance. Among these, the company ' s fire panels achieved a net return to the mother of 3,069 million yuan, an increase of 317.55 per cent. In terms of electricity, the company ' s fire unit continues to use a high number of hours for electricity generation, with a medium coal unit generating 5210 hours and a combustion engine generating 1,883 hours.
The year 2023 saw a 3.97 per cent decline in the number of kilowatt-hours (KWh) of electricity generated by fire and electricity. On the one hand, the price of electricity benefited from the upturn in the national maximum price of electricity, with coal machines achieving an average cost of 461.28 yuan/megawatt-hours, a decrease of 0.097 per cent, and on the other hand, an average cost of 898.38 kW/mw per burner.
On the cost side, benefiting from the advantage of coal supply within the national energy group, the company achieved a unit price of $934.96 per ton of coal entering the stove, a decrease of $43.82 per ton compared to the previous year. The cost of fuel for the power plate was steadily decreasing. On the loading side, the company accelerated the build-up of the heater.
In 2023, the Fire and Power Project began work on 6.64,000 kilowatts, producing 1 million kilowatts. The incremental development of the company ' s Fire and Power Stations continued, and the performance of the Basics was expected to grow steadily.
\triangleright plate performance has been largely stable, with a net return on water and electricity of $1,854 million, a decrease of 1.79% in the same year. On the price of electricity, the company ' s hydropower plate averaged $245.70/megawatt.
With a total of 3.52 million kW in the river basin, it is expected that the company will be able to meet the water and electricity loader in the last two years. New energy sources: wind and light are rapidly upgraded and planning for the future. In 2023, the company ' s new energy source has been growing at a high rate.
49.8 per cent decline in the same year; 743 million won net return on the photovoltaic plate, up from the same year.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City has generated 5.76 billion kilowatt-hours per year, an increase of 155.74 per cent per year and a decrease of 7.41 per cent per year in crew hours; and the average Internet connection cost per photovoltaic block is $480.88/megawatt-hour, the same rate.
Mergers and acquisitions are synchronous, leading to the installation of an additional 72,457 kW. Company “145” plans new profit projections and ratings: status of the electricity industry, shareholder background, asset quality, development patterns \triangleright
1) Industry position: company listed as one of the five major power-generating groups in the core conventional energy sector, with a fire-loading engine second in the market and larger in size; 2) shareholder background: company back-to-back with the national energy group, coal supply security, fire panels
Cost-side control capacity is high; 3) asset quality: company-fired power units of over 600,000 kilowatts are dominated by large units, with better quality and better multi-regulating skills; 4) development patterns: the Division has achieved coal power generation, multi-purpose business modules have been developed in tandem and soundly developed
The company is planning to transfer 50% of the state power investment, and we have adjusted the company ' s 2024-2026 return to \triangleright.
The reform was not as advanced as expected, and the annual trade price went down as expected; the new energy project was not built as much as the previous China Coal Industry Association (CCIAC) was a member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Association (CIG) and an expert bank of China's International Engineering Advisory Corporation (CIEAC), and a member of the China Price Association's Coal Price Commission (CIPA) and a former member of the China Coal Industry Association (CCIAC).
The Deputy Director of the Sectoral Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) has been involved in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields for over a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project on Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He is responsible for research on the coal sector.
Li Chunzhi, cfa, Member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Nanjing University, formerly researched large energy panels such as Securities and Natural Gas.
Minister, who has worked in coal production for many years, in the technical management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market transformation
Ge, Virtual Power Plant Applied Research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector. Xinxuan, Master of Finance, Australian National University, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the coal and electricity sectors.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, July 2022, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the coal industry. Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for coal industry. Tang Ji-yu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics, April 2023.
Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal sector. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.