East Asia South Air (600029.sh) Airfields
The view of the company is still strong and looks forward to rising volumes next year Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average company fundamentals (RMB)
In the first three quarters of 2017, Southern Airlines managed to collect $961.2 million....a 10.93 per cent increase in the same year: net repatriation, higher occupancy rates in the season, higher rates in the single season: as a result of the company's strategy of giving priority to guaranteed occupancy rates, the company's main bases, such as White Cloud Airport, remained high in the season.
The overall increase in the number of seats was 0.6 pts (national + 0.5 pts/international + 0.6 pts); while the high demand for q3 km of passenger km increased slightly from the same rate during the season, reflecting an increase in the company ' s rate of maintenance, the quality of the gains could also be maintained.
1. “Increased supply and demand for domestic routes, high oil prices, delayed performance - 4.5 per cent appreciation of the renminbi in the third quarter of 2017, 2.5 per cent depreciation of the renminbi and exchange gains and losses during the same period last year”
Oil Price Disturbation, Most Beneficiary Domestic Markets, has improved significantly, reducing corporate financial costs by $2.9 billion in the first three quarters of 2017, and q4 RMB is still expected to improve compared to last year.
3. " Improved supply and demand boosted revenue, and the rise in oil prices delayed performance - by 29.4 per cent, driven the firm ' s performance to a one-season high and contributed to a negative shift in growth in the first three quarters, from 4. " The impact of the devaluation of the renminbi has diminished, and supply and demand have begun to warm back to the south " .
Next year, the climate is up and the price can rise: Central American and Central European Routes International Right Distribution Base Air Lines Review 2017, 2017.3.31. This is complete. It is expected that next year ' s international trunkline operations will be significantly curtailed, and the international route fares may be real.
Accelerating Transformation, Strategic Co-operation on International Routes - The South is now growing by the same time, while next year's first-line airport will have less resources at a time due to the new Civil Aviation Authority standards, 2017.3.28.
Lack, supply growth is expected to remain low, and mainline flights still have room for price increases. At the company level, the strategy of giving priority to guaranteed seating rates is limited by supply constraints, negative impact on the quality of the benefits, and even promising to maintain a high retention rate, which will continue to benefit Southern Airlines as the country’s largest aviation division.
South aviation has introduced strategic investment in American aviation, which has made a great deal of money for international line operations. Domestic aviation is expected to go up in the future. Southern aviation has been working deep for years.
Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three statements.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.