The demand over-expected rise in the passenger rate, with only the fare price rising. Southern Airlines grew by 15.4 per cent in November, while ask grew by 11.1 per cent in November, and a guest rate of 82.3 per cent, an increase of 3.0 pct in the same year. Demand growth is more than expected.
In the second half of the year, the movement was concentrated and the supply delivery accelerated: November was the first month of the full implementation of the New Deal for Civil Aviation, but since plans for the introduction of company aircraft were already in place, 41 of the 56 planned for the year will be introduced in the second half of this year, with the supply being accelerated in November.
In 4%, we believe that the company has invested most of the additional capacity in the second and third routes and in the regional markets, and that the international route ask has continued to decline after the basic distribution of inter-country air traffic rights.
The shift in demand in October and the sub-season in November: affected by the security implications of the “19th” conference, the Ministry moved aviation requirements until November, contributing to the low season of the company's aviation needs this month.
Still booming, but constrained by the decline in supply, the international rpk acceleration has declined significantly; the regional line has weakened from the devaluation of the renminbi, the supply and demand have begun to warm back, and the company has begun to increase its regional airline input in October.
The number of passengers leads and the price increases are based on three major flights: South Air has an overall cumulative rate of 82.2 per cent in the first November, leading the three flights, and the company has a more visible supply gap in the winter and spring season, both front-line and inter-country markets, and transport inputs are only slightly lower than China Air, and the company owns air supply in the context of a contraction in the air industry.
In November, there was a temporary disturbance of the requirements in October, and the effects of the New Deal for Civil Aviation will have to be observed. We believe that, as the rate of calibration of the capital and the Pudong airport will continue until April, no overtime charters will be allowed, civil aviation requirements will likely explode during the spring, leading to a significant increase in the level of revenue.
Qualitatively strong. As oil prices slowly rise, South China, because of its largest volume, is sensitive to performance.
The introduction of US aviation strategic investments in the South has made a great deal of money for international line operations. Domestic aviation is expected to go up in the future. Southern aviation has been farming for years, domestic routes are heavily tied up, and prices for industry are falling.
▪ Oil price volatility is higher than expected. If the international oil price rises next year are higher than expected, it will erode the revenue growth generated by the airline price hikes and have a trade-off effect on next year’s performance.
If the Civil Aviation Authority’s new deal is not implemented as expected, the aviation industry’s supply contraction is smaller or continues to increase its capacity, which may put pressure on fares and even lead to price wars.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment