Traditional business channels + branding advantages, new product expansion, company profile: Translator industry leader, four major business plates growing rapidly, size.
The brand's advantages are becoming apparent. (1) The rise of the traditional converter industry, which started with a pressure switch plug in 1996, and the “safe, high-quality” branding of the brand is becoming popular. Following up on, new business modules have been expanded, seeking new growth, entering the wall switch plugin industry in 2007, 2014
In 2016, four major business synergies emerged. (2) The firm’s equity structure is clearly centralized, with 86.37 per cent of the real holdings of Nguyen Liping and Nguyen Bing II. (3) The converter accounts for the highest percentage of income from the main battalion’s operations, with the other three.
The converter, wall switches and plugs industry: the converter, wall switches and plugs market is close to 20 billion, and the rate of increase is about 10%. The converter industry is the only one with a single bull, a single big one.
The market for wall switches is less concentrated and there is a higher room for upswing. led lighting, digital parts industry: the light penetration rate of led is growing rapidly, replacing traditional lighting, is now the main lighting mode. The market was over 300 billion in 2018.
The stock of the Bulls Group has a share of the field. The digital parts industry is over 100 billion and promising. Core drivers: traditional plate product development, branding channels, multi-dimensional construction of corporate care.
The city river (1), the company has now built four major product lines, with more than a thousand product types, and a multi-dollar sku system that ensures consumer stickyness to the company's products. (2), the “safe” tags are deeply popular and actively promote industry regulations and brand authority. (3), online and offline.
With the construction of a vast network of sophisticated channels, there are now 1 million end-of-end retail outlets nationwide, and the new business is expanding well: walled +led+ digital fittings are growing at a high rate.
It's a good pattern, it's expected to grow steadily each year, and the new product is expanding well, and it's a combination of absolute estimates.
Corporate profile: Trans-convert leader, four-wheeler and driver: 1.1 Development journey: based on traditional converter business, multi-sector layout Bulls is a leading professional supplier of high-end switch plugs and converters in the country, mainly in converters and wall openers.
The company was founded in 1995 and started a pressure switch plug converter in the industry in 1996. To date, 90% of the plug converters in the domestic market are still using this design; in the 2001 national converter brand monitoring, the bull plugs were in the hands of more than 20% of the market.
In 2007, the bulls took the lead globally in using animr technology to break the laws of the “white” end of the wall switch, and developed a series of “decorating” innovations, such as crystal series, high crystal glass, into the field of wall switches. In 2010, the company set up a dedicated electric power operator management team.
The establishment of the Bull flagship shop, which has been actively developing electricity vendor sales through a combination of official direct business and professional marketing; the introduction of the Bull into the led lighting field in 2014 and the continuous enrichment of the led lighting lines, the subsequent roll-out of new products such as lamps, lamps, lamps, etc., and the high growth of corporate operations; and the small-scale pilot sale of digital accessories in 2016 and the sale of scaled production in 2017.
Revenue from sales increased by about $140 million, or 1776.4 per cent from 2016 sales. Chart 1: The growth of the Bulls Group Corporation has been rapid in recent years.
The converter is the company’s first to produce billions of yuan, or about 54% of the company’s total business income. White switches and decorative switches account for about 16% and 15% of the wall switch, respectively, and each year they enter the light and digital parts markets, and the new business blocks are growing at a fast pace, with overall gross operating income rising year by year.