The 3q23 financial statements were over-expected, and the company grew into a new phase.
Revenue growth is higher than expected, and stocks are significantly deflated. 3q23 has achieved higher earnings than the ring, with net returns \triangleright losing the ring, while Māori rates have improved as a result of the increased scale of company sales and have been marketed during the same period the previous year.
Field impact accounts for greater impairment loss of assets, with 3q23 achieving a Māori rate of 21.78 per cent and a ring increase of 4.47 ptt; on the other hand, 3q23 sales/management/research and development/Li Xiaoqing due to lower costs during the company ' s 3q23 period
Downstream demand is warming, and 50 m of new loads are being optimized. q3 in 2023, accompanied by \triangleright demand warming, while corporate semiconductor design revenue is increasing significantly with the help of the company ' s new product.
Long. The 3q23 semiconductor design business generated revenue of $5.446 billion, representing 87.52 per cent of revenue. The company’s income structure is gradually optimized over volume delivery, and the average Māori ratio level of the enabler’s average Māori ratio has improved significantly.
With the introduction of the company's high-level image sensor and the decline in the cost of the product, the company's product structure and the cost of the stock hangover is now in place and it is expected that the industry's warming 2023/04/11 will improve and optimize continuously and that the overall profitability will increase steadily.
The consumer electronics business is under short-term pressure, the auto semiconductor starships have increased their research and development investment, and new products in the three major business areas are steadily moving forward. The company focuses on "image sensor solution \triangleright"
-202/08/15 Case + Touch and Show Solutions + Simulation Solutions” three semiconductor design operations, with sustained stability and significant R & D investment to ensure steady progress in research and development of new products in the three business areas. 3q23 R & D costs 624 million
Quarterly reviews: The product structure continues to be optimized and the platform is expected to provide guarantees for the development and upgrading of new products in the various product areas of the company.
Promotion of product overlaps and new product development, increasing demand for 50 mcis products in large pixel sizes and larger optical formats on smartphones, and the introduction of products such as ov50h and ov50e for flag ships and medium-end intelligence 5.
The backstage of the mobile phone provides a high-quality imaging effect; the number of car cameras is rapidly increasing to upgrade car-borne cis requirements, and high-performance requirements of the car ciss are met by the Hale combination algorithms developed by the Starship Sea, 2022/01/28, separation of pixelslfm technology, etc.
In addition, companies are constantly developing new products and expanding market applications in terms of exposure and simulation. \triangleright’s platform-type semiconductor development path and continuous breakthroughs in high-end products maintain “recommended” ratings.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.