Quick report on the first half of the year: further capital improvements.
The Nanjing Bank expects a 15.1% to 6.9 billion net profit increase of 1h2019. We note a gradual increase in capital adequacy at the corporate core level, and we trust that it will make a positive contribution to the corporate valuation end. In terms of asset quality, the Nanjing Bank is still at a better level and is well prepared for risk, with a provision coverage higher than the same.
In aggregate, the company is basically good-looking, growing and currently relatively low-valued, and we continue to raise capital adequacy at the core level: the firm ' s core level of 1h2019 continues to raise capital adequacy at 8.9%, and we record an increase of 0.4 pct from 1q2019, and we estimate better profits for the company.
Long-term and asset-end flexible configurations are relevant. The company’s targeted additional capital is currently in progress at 1.4 pct to support the expansion of the Bank’s core capital adequacy rate at its own level.
The adequacy rate was 13.1 per cent, 0.3 pct higher than 102019, 0.1 pct higher than 402018, and the size of the assets was robust: on a scale, the balance sheet of the Nanking Bank was robustly expanded as a whole, the increase in lending was still a melody, the end of the debt, and we thought that the 2q Nanking Bank might be on the market.
The quality of the assets was stable and the provision remained adequate: as far as asset quality was concerned, as far as the 1h2019 company was concerned, the overall asset quality and allocation level of the Nanjing bank was at a better level in the city comptoirs. (According to the latest quarterly data published by the ISBM, the rate of bad business in the city of 102,019 was 1.88 per cent.)
At the end of the company's valuation, the company's fundamentals are now better and more growing, and the expected remuneration for the "buy-in" investment (expected return; er) is given as follows:
Figure: Capital adequacy at the core level of the Bank of Nanking: capital adequacy at the core level of the Bank of Nanking, taking into account this fixed increase
(%, Nanjing Bank uses 202019, compared to 102019 for banks) (%, Nanjing Bank uses 202019, compared to 102019 for banks) Figure: Nanjing Bank Bad Rates and Provision Coverage Rates (%)
This report is written by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions on the content of the report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will either have an opinion or stand on the certificate described in the report i@ or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate described in the report on their behalf or on behalf of others. This report is not used to sell or induce customers to trade the certificate mentioned in the report.
_capitalgare#2ii2 Taiwan Hong Kong Shanghai