The Nanking Bank's harvest has been growing fast, and it's focused on the steady growth process.
The firm ' s core capital adequacy rate at the end of the quarter is 8.87 per cent, taking into account the increase in 19 years in regulatory support for refinancing by banks, which is conducive to capital replenishment by the Nanjing Bank, paying attention to the company-to-company process.
In the first half of the year, the net profit of the Nanjing Bank was lower than it was expected in the first half of the year, as a result of a fall in non-interest income over the first quarter of the year.
But compared to industry, the rate of growth in Nanjing banks is still expected to be faster. In terms of asset quality, the negative end-of-season rate for Nanjing Bank is 0.89%, the ring is flat from the first quarter, the absolute level is low in the industry. The company has increased the coverage ring by 6 to 415%, and the base is set up.
Loans keep growing at a high level in the industry and deposits slow seasonally. Total equity loans (excluding interest payable) have slowed seasonally, growing by 1.27 percentage points, but in the first quarter of the year, Nanjing’s fixed-increment programme has adjusted, investment in purple gold or exited due to equity restrictions.
We expect the withdrawal of the investment to be made by the non-banking financial institutions as shareholders in commercial banks whose equity investments do not exceed the net assets of the enterprise.
The 50% constraint does not mean that the future operation of Nanjing Bank is bad, and follow-up attention is being given to the economic downside of Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd., which leads to a higher than expected deterioration in asset quality.
The Nanjing Bank released its semi-annual performance report for 2019, with net profits of +15.1 per cent in the first half of 2019.
(+13.0 per cent, yoy/+2.28 per cent, qoq). Of this total loan amount +23.9 per cent, yoy/+45.4 per cent qoq; deposit (excluded interest payable) profit increases are expected, and the base of provision is further strengthened 15.1 per cent in the first six months of the year, roughly in line with our expectations (15.6 per cent), with net profit increasing at the same rate as in the first quarter.
Middle-income growth increased by 23.3%, down 6.4 percentage points from the one quarter (29.7%, yoy), and we expect that the pace of growth in Nanjing banks will slow down due to a fall in non-interest income during the first quarter. However, compared to industry, the rate of growth in Nanjing banks is still projected to be at 0.89% in terms of asset quality, with the end of the second quarter of Nanjing Bank having a negative rate of 0.89%, the ring being equal to the one quarter, and the absolute level of the industry being low.
The base of the provision was further strengthened by an increase of 6 percentage points to 415 per cent in the coverage ring ratio; the loan allocation was 3.70 per cent at the same level as in the first quarter, and the provision was maintained at a high rate of growth in the industry, with a seasonal slowdown in the rate of increase in deposits
The Nanjing Capital Growth Programme has been adjusted, the investment in or due to equity restrictions has been withdrawn, and the Bank of Nanjing has recently adjusted the increase, in which the investment (the second largest shareholder) has been withdrawn and the amount of funds raised has been adjusted from the original $14 billion to $11.6 billion. We expect that the withdrawal of the investment in Purple will be made by the non-banking financial institutions as shareholders in commercial banks.
An equity investment that does not exceed 50% of the net assets of the company does not represent a bad idea for the future operation of the Nanking Bank, following up on the company’s basic soundness in the first half of the year, its rising revenue, and the company’s leading position. The company’s core capital at the end of the quarter is 8.87%, considering the increased regulatory support for the refinancing of the bank in 2019, which is conducive to the opening of the Nanking Bank.
We maintain the Nanjing Bank's forecast of eps. 52/1.76 for 2019-2020, which leads to a deterioration in asset quality. As a pro-cyclical industry, the development of companies is highly relevant to economic development.
Downwards, banks’ asset quality is at risk of deterioration, thus affecting their profitability. At present, Central America’s trade pulls saws, macroeconomic uncertainties, and follow-up on economic dynamics need to be closely monitored.