Bank of Nanjing, the growth in revenue is in line with expectations, the quality of assets is still strong, the Bank of Nanjing has been growing fast in the first half of the year, companies have been poor in maintaining a low level of industry, and provision coverage is in place.
Business leadership, focus on the capital replenishment process, we maintain the Nanjing Bank's increased ratings, revenue growth is as expected, fee income is being repaired, income growth is as expected, asset quality is as good as expected.
In the first half of the year, the net profit of Nanjing Bank increased by 15.1 per cent over the same period, and at a flat rate in the first quarter. The revenue earned increased by 23.3 per cent over the same period, a slight deceleration of 6.44 percentage points from the first quarter (+29.7 per cent), mainly because the investment returns are expected to rank among the top listed banks at the same rate.
The growth trend has increased further over the past quarter. The net corporate interest income has increased by 5.3 per cent over the year (vs1 quarter, 5.1 per cent over the same period), driven mainly by growth in size, with total assets increasing by 13.0 per cent over the same period; The net fee income has improved significantly, by 14.5 per cent over the same period, and by 5.7 percentage points over the first quarter.
The net profit of Nanjing Bank increased by 15.1 per cent in the first half of the year, and at a flat rate in the first quarter. Revenue earned increased by 23.3 per cent in the same quarter, a slight slowdown of 6.44 percentage points from the first quarter (+29.7 per cent), mainly due to the same return on investment.
The firm’s net interest income and fees revenue has remained positive, with a further increase over the first quarter. The net interest income of the company differs from the margin when the 19 new accounting standards were applied in 19 years.
The combined calibre is considered to have increased by 47.8 per cent in the same year (34 per cent in the vs1 quarter). The company's net charges for the first half of the year have remained at the same level as the Nanjing Bank's negative rate of 0.89 per cent in the second quarter, with loans of concern falling by 13bp to 1.31 per cent, and, overall, the company's negative rate remains low in the industry and the asset quality has remained robust.
At the end of the year, the percentage of loans/non-performing loans by Nanjing Bank that were more than 90 days overdue was 95.7 per cent, up 1.7 percentage points from the end of 2018. There was a greater margin for profit release in the second quarter of the year compared with the one-quarter ring increase in corporate coverage and lending. By the end of the second quarter, the core-level capital adequacy rate of Nanjing Bank was higher than at the end of the second quarter.
The capital replenishment process is of interest in the general context of regulating and supporting the replenishment of bank capital, which is based on the market value collected on 26 August 2019.
Quality of assets falling short of expectations.
The Nanjing Bank published its semi-annual report for 2019, with net profit in the first half of 2019 +15.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The net profit of Nanjing Bank increased by 15.1 per cent in the first half of the year, and at a flat rate in the first quarter. Revenue from the same period increased by 23.3 per cent, a slight decrease of 6.44 percentage points from the first quarter (+29.7 per cent), mainly because investment returns increased at a higher rate than in the first quarter (+466.2 per cent, yoy) and fees continued to grow at a more positive rate than in the first quarter.
5.3 per cent (vs1 quarter, 5.1 per cent increase on the same date) and 5.7 percentage points higher in net interest income as compared to calibre as a result of the 19th year implementation of the new accounting standards. The recovery of revenue from fees and charges was mainly due to agent operations (+17.7 per cent, yoy) and guarantee operations.
(vs1 quarter, 1.80%) The narrow net spread is mainly due to asset end-of-end return rates of 21bp below the one quarter round, which are larger than the downside of the negative end-of-debt cost of 11bp. Looking forward, as credit supply increases and monetary policy transmission becomes more fluid in the second half of the year, it is expected that asset end-of-end rates will drop further and interest differentials will become more narrow. As at the end of the second quarter, Nanking Silver will be under pressure.
Total line assets increased by 13.0 per cent/ 2.3 per cent, with loans increasing by 24.4 per cent/4.3 per cent, respectively, and the overall rapid increase in total assets, driven by corporate liabilities (+31 per cent, qoq), indicating a certain pressure on companies to increase their deposits in the second quarter, with deposits falling by 1.8 percentage points to 68.3 per cent of their liabilities.
At the end of the second quarter, the rate of negative loans from the Bank of Nanjing was 0.89 per cent, the proportion of loans of concern fell by 13bp to 1.31 per cent, while overall, the rate of bad corporate performance remained low in the industry and the quality of assets remained robust. The annual rate of production of bad loans from companies was 0.88 per cent in the first quarter of the second quarter, a decrease of 52bp from the first quarter. By the end of the second quarter, the percentage of loans/bad loans from the Bank of Nanjing that were more than 90 days overdue was 95.7 per cent.
By the end of the second quarter, the core-level capital adequacy rate of the Bank of Nanjing had been 8.87 per cent and the ring had been raised by 35bp, while the Bank of Nanjing had previously published a modified programme for the issuance of non-public shares, which was a capital replenishment process in an environment that regulated and supported the replenishment of the Bank’s capital.
In the first half of the year, the Bank of Nanjing maintained a fast increase in revenues from interest income and fees, the company ' s poor maintenance of a low level of industry coverage, the industry ' s leading position, the expected growth in deposits and the pressure of narrow interest differentials, among others, have led to a higher than expected deterioration in asset quality. As a pro-cyclical industry, the Bank ' s business and economic development are highly relevant.
If the economy falls short of expectations, the quality of the bank’s assets is at risk of deterioration, thus affecting the bank’s profitability. At present, Central America’s trade is sawing, macroeconomic uncertainties, and the subsequent dynamic changes in the economy need to be closely followed.