The company released its 2021st semi-annual report on 29 August, which generated business income of 2,351 million yuan in the first half of the year.
Billions of dollars, 270 per cent increase in the same year, 235 per cent in the ring, resulting in a reversal of losses. The first half of the year, due to a change in the stock price of sqm, a change in fair value from the company’s sqm type B equity options business.
This represents an increase over the same period in the previous year, with corporate interest costs reduced by $324 million. In the first half of the year, corporate sales of lithium salt increased by 36% over the same period, sales prices of lithium salt increased by 31% over the same period, and the average price of q2 battery-grade lithium carbonate.
About 20% higher than q1, and q3 began the accelerated rise in lithium salt prices, with the supply end being the first logic, with the highest quality of lithium resources distributed globally. The company held the world’s largest ore lithium resource, Telison, the owner of the Green Bush mine, with the lowest global operating cost of lithium concentrate production, Telison.
The company owned 25,87% of the world’s largest salt lake lithium resource, Atacama Salt Lake. The company held 20% of the Western Gulf Lake Zabuye Salt Lake and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Sichuan Yajiang County, Tsola Litino.
As a reserve of lithium resources, the first phase of the lithium hydroxide project in Quinana, Australia, is in its commissioning phase, aiming to start production in the year. The first phase of the "Lithium hydroxide single-water battery-grade project" built by the company in Aquana, Australia, is in progress.
It is planned to accelerate the progress of the commissioning process, which has now been completed, the conversion kilns in the fire zone, the acidification, the full-line operation of the project at the end of the year, the climb-up phase and the design of capacity in the fourth quarter of 2022. In addition, the company ' s other lithium salt processing capacity and resource layout are on track.
The continued rise in industry prices and the resolution of debt will probably restore construction rates.
The Quinana project was not as advanced as expected; subsequent debt repayments were not as expected; high-level risk reduction, etc. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating was calculated as the average market investment