Profitability rebounds, smart electric projects progresses, cars q1 sales rise steadily in 22 years, and profitability rises steadily in 2022. q1 sales in 2022 were 1.22 million.
One (+7%) of which 1.94 million vehicles (+34%) were sold on board, resulting in $182.5 billion in revenue, and companies insisted on a new and innovative race track, with new progress on major landmark projects. The first version of the intellectual car first product, the first version of the L7 experiential product, the company’s new generation of three electric systems and smart car electronic structures, faces, were officially offline.
Applying the cloud-tube-end-to-end program to service soa software platforms. Flying car plus, fast-pushing the first power level b-suv product r7 project, using soft and hard combinations, high and low-selections, auto-drive taxis in Shanghai and Suzhou to launch demonstration applications, support company L4 auto-drives.
The smart heavy-card project completes the 40,000-calort transport mission and the one-to-the-four unit, the container smart-transit project achieves a volume demonstration camp, the Shanghai Todo IQT company is established, and commercial vehicles such as the port, the factory area and the main-line logistics are speeded up.
Upper Steam Group (600104.sh) - In-depth report bis: Autonomous brand transformation, commercialization of ATM Level 1-4. Upper Steam Group - 3 Quarterly Review 600104-2021: Three Quarterly Performance Ring Increases
"Nink Securities - Upwind Group - Midpoint Review: Second Quarter Performance Summary " : " Upwind Group - 600104-2020 Report Review: Performance Yes, Powered Smart New " . " Upwinding Group - 600104 - Critical Events Rapid: Immitatives Release, Power Age.
Billion won (previous forecast of net profit to the mother in 2022-2023 is $264.30.3 billion). A year-long update takes into account a well-developed corporate product matrix, a multi-car model that keeps the “buy-in” rating. In 2021, the company achieved 778.89 billion profits, a 20% increase in year-on-year performance.
q1 achieved business income of $18,472 million, corresponding to 3.50 per cent; achieved a net return of $5,516 million, corresponding to a further increase in research and development inputs for companies on new energy, smart network connections, digitalization, etc. The overall volume of sales has been positive. More than in 2021, it was faced with a lack of cores, outbreaks, electricity cuts and a sharp increase in the price of raw materials.
A serious challenge has been the firm's efforts to secure supply, steady growth, structural adjustments, efficiency gains and a smooth start. During the reporting period, the company's overall traffic was “stable and steady”, with a total of 5.464 million vehicles sold throughout the year, with 58.11 million final retail sales increasing by 5.5 per cent over the 16-year period.
- 2.85 million of them, representing an increase of 10 per cent from the previous year, representing a 50 per cent increase in the total sales of the company for the first time, reaching 52.3 per cent.
Deepen marketing system changes. By opening city fairs, flash shops, promoting digital marketing, live broadcasting, cross-border cooperation, companies create new and new environmental contact points for retailing and actively explore new “user-to-user” models to expand user participation in product definition.
The company sold 733,000 new energy vehicles in 2021, a 128.9% increase compared to the previous year, ranking as the country’s first and third highest in the world. The share of new energy vehicles in sales rose from 5.7% in 2020 to 13.4% in 2021, with 22.7% of new energy vehicles in autonomous brand sales; and upper gas 5
The annual sales of the Mitsubishigsev mini-electric vehicles outnumber the world's 450,000 vehicles in the market segment, the annual global sales of the new energy vehicles of the Department of Public Administration outpaced 160,000 vehicles, the monthly sales of the id. series of electric cars continued to rise, and the general launch of the Austroenergy platform's first product, Cadillac lyriq, the ownership brand and joint venture.
Continue to scale up new energy products and sales to ensure that companies continue to take the lead in the domestic market for new energy vehicles. Deep-farming expands overseas markets. Corporate product services expanded to more than 80 countries and territories around the world in 2021 and formed six “50,000-class” regional markets in Europe, Austro-New Zealand, the Americas, the Middle East, ASEAN, South Asia and overseas sales.
A total of 697,000 vehicles, an increase of 78.9% over the same year, have been exported for six consecutive years in the country’s industry. At the same time, the Mg brand, with its 360,000 annual overseas sales, continues to be the “China single-brand overseas sales champion” and has joined the top 10 single-brand sales in 17 countries around the world.
A new, innovative and fast track is being built, new energy is being built, new ecological landmarks are being built. The first empirical version of the intellectual car first product,17 is officially offline, the new generation of the Department’s three electricity systems, and the cloud-pipe-ends, such as the electronic architecture of smart cars, the service-oriented Soa software platform, etc.
The first 60 auto-drive taxis were launched in Shanghai and Suzhou.
Use, for example, to provide support for the company ' s class 1-4 autopilot technology to produce as quickly as possible in the field. The Smart Heavy Card project completes the 40,000-calored annual transport mission and the "four-to-four" formation of the Ocean Hill Port, aiv (container smart trans-shipment) project achieves a volume demonstration operation, and Shanghai Amigo Science and Technology Ltd. has been established to speed up the port and the port.
The central capability of the power smart network continues to increase. With respect to electricization, companies accelerate the development of projects such as fast-loadable, fast-changing, upgraded platform-based batteries and a new generation of power axle, 800v power-drive and battery-packing systems;
Hydrogen technology has released a new generation of fuel cell reactor m4 and p4 system products, with key energy parameters in the forefront of the world, the construction of the world's first 10,000-scale "roll-to-roll" membrane electrodes production line, the continued upgrading of the national production of core parts, and the combined launch of the world's first "10,000-grade" hydrogen heavy-card chain in Eldos.
Projects; the company works with domestic and international partners, such as Cao Cao, to speed up the development and application of solid-state battery products; the company also collaborates in the promotion of the “record separation” project, which accelerates the layout in the areas of power switching, storage energy, and lithium battery recycling. In the case of smart network networks, the company captures the development of the “data decision experience, software-defined cars”
Now, investing in software, big data, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, network and data security, zero technology publishing Galaxy-wide 1.0 solutions, combined with electronic "6i" smart driving cores (intelligent turn to systems, smart brake systems, smart driving decision control systems, smart vehicle network terminal systems, smart intelligence
In addition, the company deepens its cooperation with strategic partners such as Horizon, Momenta, and speeds up the implementation of a national production strategy for car-grade chips, with 75 chips completed.
The company also produces a map of its investment strategy, innovates a strategic direct investment model, focuses on new energy sources, smart web links, chips, etc., and invests in the industry, deepens the convergence of production and digital transformations. In digital manufacturing, the company continues to push forward the construction of the pole factory by vehicle.
Branches are selected for the fifth tranche of the country's smart manufacturing poles; the Technology Centre has developed digital research and development platforms using digital twin technologies, which have been rated by the State Finance Committee as “100 typical cases of digital transformation of State-owned enterprises” and integrated into the fifth tranche of national industrial design centres. In digitalization services, travel contracts have been made.
In terms of digital ecology, the company organized the world's first Soa Developer's Conference, which brought together hundreds of people from all over the world.
Dozens of eco-partners are working together on smart networks, network and data security, 5g empowerment, car chips, and creating smart car digital ecology to win future development. Profit predictions: considering the rise in prices of raw materials and the impact of a lack of cores, we lower profit predictions.
Valuation recommendations: We have selected the Changon vehicles, the Hiroshima group, the Great Wall vehicle, and the Upper Group four autonomous cars, the company leader, as comparable companies. In terms of sales, the Changan group, the Guangcai group, the Wall bus group, the Upper Gas group, the sales volume in 2021 were 230, 214, 127, 5.46 million, respectively, as autonomous brand leaders: digitization, electricity, etc.
In terms of dynamic transformations, the Changon car, the Hiroshima group, the Great Wall car, and the upper-bond group were well-placed. By reference to comparable corporate valuations, we updated the annual (2023) target valuation of $20-22 (previously considering the well-developed corporate product matrix, multi-carrying is on the market, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them