The company published its annual report 2021 and its quarterly report 2022.
Our analysis and diagnosis of (i) the epidemic perturbates a quarter of production, operating in a robust manner. In 2021, the company collected $779.846 billion, compared to +5.08%, the 2104 harvest was achieved.
Ten thousand vehicles, 27.7% more than in the same year, have had a definite negative impact on company sales since March, and companies have shown a certain resilience in their performance. With Shanghai’s robust measures, the company will be able to resume its production and start a steady recovery.
(ii) Improved car-wide Māori rate boosts profits, with the epidemic perturbing 2104 performance pressures. 2021 Expansion, mainly due to outbreaks in Shanghai and elsewhere, the shutdown of some factories, and the rapid increase in procurement costs due to poor logistics. In 2021, the company sold 11.35 per cent of Māori.
+0.62 ptt, with the Māori rate for the main vehicle and spare parts operations at 9.72 per cent per annum respectively, with sales at 3.88 per cent and +0.35 ptc, (iii) the layout of the electric smart track to advance a number of strategic projects, while new energy products are still larger
The company uses the new track of the electric smart grid, and actively develops the nuclear-heart technology. The whole plate deepens its own innovation, creating two high-end electronic car brands: "Ideas" and "Flying Fan" . With regard to the parts and components, the company builds the technology base through innovation.
In 21 years, eight companies were successfully placed on the market. In the future, companies will become more autonomous, and new energy vehicle market opportunities will be seized, and will be adopted.
The marketing of new items such as wise-ass, upper-end Audi, Cadillac, etc., deepens the market for high-end vehicles, and will continue to promote major strategic projects such as smart-ass cars, flying cars, Robotaxi, smart heavy cards.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The Institute is now primarily responsible for research by the Automotive Industry Group.