In April, the epidemic affected the production ring and 62%.
▪ Highlights of the announcement: In April 2022, the upper gas group sold 158,1 59/166,552 units, down from the same ring in April under the effects of the epidemic. 1) The epidemic affected the lower Shanghai region and the long triangle, the entire production of vehicles was blocked, while the epidemic affected the shop, the upper gas group as a whole and the brands.
The same-ring ratio fell, with the largest drop being for upper-air segments of the population, and the upper-air-US-VIM decline was relatively small. According to a Chinese-air association estimate, the automobile industry sold 1.71 million vehicles in April, with a smaller impact on the same-ring ratio, with a smaller decline in the export-licensed-consumption ratio than in the group as a whole.
Actively promoting the resumption of work. In mid-April, a pressure test was launched. As of 6 May, more than 40,000 employees had been placed in the factory, and the entire garage had been downlined. The company is expected to recommence two batches in Shanghai starting in late May.
The rate of resumption of work on spare parts for the “White List” will exceed 80 per cent in 2021; long-triangular logistics and 2022q1 quarterly reports: performance
The pressure will be further reduced. The recommenced work is expected to boost the company's output into the upper canal, and it is expected that the continued development and development will be invested in building up the fleet as a whole in April: the company's inventory of 8393 vehicles in April (compared to March).
Volkswagen population, upper gas utility, upper gas passenger vehicle, upper gas utility stock - 2701, -22, 1129, 3983 (March) - in the current month - and new energy sources continued to grow as compared to +37.61 per cent.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain the upper-gas group 's net profit return from 2022-2024, doubles. We maintain the upper-gas group's “buy-in” rating.
Three financial forecasts for the upper-mortality group.