The growth in performance was in line with market expectations: the company issued its semi-annual report in 2019, with revenue of $4.386 billion, an increase of 54.27 per cent in comparison, a net return of $6.748 billion to the mother, an increase of 99.14 per cent in relation to the business.
The net cash flow generated by the move was $7,595 million, an increase of 22.1 per cent over the same period.
There has been a strong growth in product line sales and a significant increase in the Māori rate: for the first half of the year, the company earned gross equity/flow (millions of shares) from excavators, concrete machines, cranes, block machinery, road machinery, etc.
The share of core products such as machines, car cranes, etc. continues to rise. With regard to the Māori rate, the excavator has declined for special reasons, with other varieties such as concrete machines, cranes, stump machines, tri-heavy workers (600031).
The Māori rate for road machinery rose by 5.76 pct, 1.27 pct, 7.60 pct, and remained higher than the industry and 1.2 pct was higher than the previous year, respectively.
Continued high performance, corporate leadership, from: 1) demand for downstream infrastructure etc., 2) upgrading of stock equipment, especially environmental protection policies contributing to accelerated upgrading, 3) export growth, 4) replacement demand, equipment requirements
Three heavy jobs (600031) Repurchase highlights the company's desire for greater diversity and resilience. Recently, cranes and concrete machinery sales have increased, confidence has developed, and industry's high profile has led to profitability.
Declined, but the volume of excavator sales continued to grow steadily, particularly with the increase in excavator sales back and forth in July -- 2019/05/06 up above market expectations, and we judge that the industry is expected to continue with close follow-up.
The “buy-in” rating is maintained in the fourth quarter. The increase in the Māori rate among product lines is in line with market expectations.
For eight years, the financial sector has been working, including Robot Trends. Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific Securities Centre in July 2019, was dedicated to studying industrial fluctuations and finding certainty opportunities, and was employed at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined the Pacific Securities Institute in July 2017.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.