On September 28, the Trinity Group held a 3-Si-Si-Si-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci.
On September 28, the tri-group held a ceremony in Long Salon, Hunan, where the Tri-Si-Si-Si-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-C
At present, the three-dimensional card is sold online, without a business model for authorized distributors, and based on data from the first commercial network, it can be produced on the scale of 300,000 heavy cards, 600,000 diesel engines, and its core industrial chain and a new generation of engineering machinery.
From May 18, 2018, when the Trinity Card was officially on the market, the cumulative sales of the Trinity Cards have broken out by 13,000, the fastest new card in the last 10 years to enter the 10,000 Clubs. The Trinity Cards are planned to produce 60,000 in three years and 100,000 in five years, and will be sold in the future or against each other.
The heavy-card industry has a destabilizing effect. Total stock/flow (million shares) Commercial vehicles have synergies with engineering machinery and listed companies will benefit significantly: commercial vehicles
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) The synergy with engineering machinery is mainly reflected in three areas: 1) the Trinity Group has a joint venture with Doltz for a maximum of 12 months/minimum (in dollars)
The engine company, which will reach the capacity of 600,000 diesel engines in the future, will provide support for engineering machinery, core parts and components; 2) Currently, high-end commercial chassis such as pumpers, fire engines, etc., are still dependent on imports, 3 1-heavy (600031) Māori for product lines
With long supply cycles, the development of high-end commercial vehicles is expected to reduce import dependence; 3) higher rates, with performance growth in line with market expectations.
-2019/08/29 Enhancing the bargaining power of the group in the supply chain. According to public information, three-by-one cards will be in the first three-by-one (600031) performances of 2019h1.
Looking for ipo to become a public company, it is hoped that the brand value of the whole Trinity Group will be significantly enhanced. Super-expected, looking at the company’s long-term competitiveness.
The downward pressure on the domestic economy increased, macroeconomic data continued to be weak in August, and fiscal policy (600031) The reverse cycle of regulation in the engineering and machinery industry increased.
Continued high-profile, corporate leadership and progress in the issuance of bonds, to be substantially released by the end of September, with priority given to construction in progress - 2099/07/09
To support the planning of major projects and the settlement of outstanding government projects, and to propose an advance payment of part of the special debt for the next year to ensure that it will be effective early next year. We believe that, in the context of the accelerated issuance of earmarked debt, capital projects are expected to reach the ground quickly, and that there will be great peace in the near future.
There has been a clear acceleration in the trend towards starting work in the districts, Guangxi, Hunan, etc., and the engineering and machinery industry is expected to continue to grow, and companies are expected to continue to make profits as industry leaders. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: we expect the company to make a net profit for 2019-2021, respectively
The group invested heavily in Trinity, the synergies between commercial cars and engineering machinery, and the synergies between commercial vehicles and engineering machinery.
The group invested heavily in Trinity, industrial research in areas where synergies between commercial vehicles and engineering and machinery are evident, and is good at industrial chain research, especially robotics and automation-related plates. Eight years in the financial sector, with representatives including Robot Trends.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific Securities Center in July 2019, worked to study industrial fluctuations and find certainty, and was a member of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined the Alliance of Pacific Securities in July 2017. The Group invested heavily in Trinity, with significant synergies between commercial vehicles and engineering machinery.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report