The product advantage has clearly led to high performance growth, and the foreign business is firmly established at the top of the industry.
Liu Lanjing, billions of dollars, 54.27 per cent more than the previous year; net return profit of $6,748 million, compared to the same period in the previous year.
2. Our analysis and judgement The company ' s core competitiveness has continued to grow and business revenues have increased significantly.
The engineering and machinery industry has continued to grow rapidly, and the company has achieved a gross operating income of 43,386 million yuan. By product, excavating machines, concrete machines, cranes, stumps.
The excavators and concrete machines have maintained their advantages, and the excavators have been among the top in the country for nine consecutive years, and the concrete machines have remained at the top of the global brand. In addition, the cranes and stallers have performed well, with a significant increase in market shares, and the amplifiers' market share has become the top in the country.
In the first half of the year 2019, the public-sector fee rate was 11.8%, a decrease of 2.63 percentage points, of which sales costs, percentage points, benefited from the company’s high level of business quality and the company’s level of profitability increased significantly.
The overall Māori ratio of products reached 32.36 per cent, an increase of 0.72 percentage points over the same period last year; the sale of billions of yuan, an increase of 99.14 per cent over the same period last year, was the highest level of profit for the same period.
In the first half of 2019, a net cash flow of $7,595 million in company operations, together with the promotion of digitalization and internationalization strategies, increased capacity.
In the first half of 2019, through digitalization, companies were transformed into companies through the onlineization and intellectualization of businesses, including marketing services, R & D design, supply chains, production manufacturing, business management and so on.
Production capacity has risen significantly, and per capita output is at the top of the world's engineering and machinery industry. In the first half of 2019, international sales revenue was $7.026 billion, an increase of 15.34 per cent over the previous year, Māori growth rate of 1.2 percentage points over the same year, and exports have been growing faster, far faster than industry, export markets.
In view of the company’s high market share in the engineering and machinery industry, the current industry landscape, and the company’s continuing high profitability, it is expected that the country’s market share will continue to grow.
Future profits will continue to grow steadily. And companies’ forward-looking digitalization and internationalization strategies, a digital transformation that promotes productive energy release, the risk of volatility in the engineering and machinery industry, internationalization that does not expand as expected, and market competition that exacerbates risks.