The engineering and machinery industry has continued to grow, and companies have shown a leading role in the marketing of 12.21 million excavators per month, an increase of 15.25 per cent over the same period; the vehicle cranes in January-April, an increase of 17.6 million machines, an increase of 68.3 per cent over the same period; and concrete machinery has also maintained a high rate of growth, with workers.
The industry continues to grow. The company’s product is becoming more competitive and its share continues to rise: 313,000 excavators were sold in January-May, an increase of 34.08 per cent compared to the previous year’s same period. The share of these excavators continued to take the lead, the main variety pumps continued to take the lead, and the share of blenders increased considerably.
The high growth in internationalized exports and the transformation of companies driven by digitization: the firm has accelerated its internationalization and now has more than 500 overseas agents, and will continue to push forward the construction of a system of agencies, service components, financing wind control, and expand to large markets in Europe and the United States.
Corporate exports have continued to grow at a high rate in the first half of the year. In terms of digitization, companies have not only increased their intellectual manufacturing inputs at the end of the production stock/flow (million shares) and implemented three-day systems and equipment interconnection projects to improve production effectiveness.
The total market value/flow ratio (millions of dollars) is cost-saving. At the same time, the company has made a breakthrough in product intelligence, and has joined forces with China to create the world’s first 5-g remote excavator, which becomes the industry’s “head name”.
Increased investment in digitization will continue to drive the transformation of the company. Three heavy jobs (600031) " Buyback highlights the downside of the corporate economy " , and capital investment is expected to continue: premises for January-May this year.
Development of confidence, high industry-led profitable investment in productive development at 11.2 per cent, continued double-digit growth, real estate finance at 2.6 per cent, and the introduction of a special debt policy on 10 June is expected to boost capital investment.
Growth, operating cash flows into a single season of the current cycle, if economic downside pressure increases, the policies may be added further. Engineering machinery is capital investment -- 2019/04/28.
It is expected that high industry-led performance will continue, and the engineering and machinery industry will continue to do so.
Before entering the financial sector, there were eight years of business experience, in areas such as engineering machinery and automobiles, production techniques, markets, strategies, etc. He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, where he joined the Pacific Securities Association in July 2017.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.