The performance of 209h1 exceeded expectations and, in view of the long-term competitiveness of companies, the performance of 209h1 exceeded expectations, with businesses maintaining high growth rates: 2019h1 companies achieved a net profit of 6.5-7 billion, an increase of 91.82 per cent to 106.58 per cent, and non-net profit of $6.6-71 billion.
313,000 sales excavators, an increase of 34.08% over the same period last year, a rise in the share of leading leaders, a continuation of the leading variety pump, and a significant increase in the share of blenders. High growth in internationalized exports and digitalization drive corporate transformation: firms accelerate internationalization
At this pace, the company now has more than 500 overseas agents and will continue to promote the establishment of an agency system, a system of service components, a financial wind control system and an expansion to the major markets in Europe and America, with total equity/flow (million shares)
Corporate exports have continued to grow at a high rate in the first half of the year. In terms of digitization, companies have not only increased their intellectual manufacturing inputs at the end of total market value/flow (millions of dollars) and implemented three-day systems and equipment interconnection projects to improve production efficiency.
At the same time, the company has made a breakthrough in product intelligence, making the world's first 5-g remote excavator official appearance as the industry's “first name”.
It is expected that capital investment will continue: housing in January-June of this year.
New construction started at a rate of 10.1 per cent and continued to grow at a high double-digit rate.
If the economic downside pressure increases, the policy increases further. Engineering machinery is a capital investment of 3 1-heavy jobs (600031) with high performance in the first quarter, running cash flows into a single season of the current cycle.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: We expect companies to outperform their performance in 2019-2021 by 2019h1, depending on industry research in the area of long-term competitiveness enhancement, expertise in industrial chain research, and especially robotics and automation-related plates.
Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production techniques, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering, machinery, and automobiles. The Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017, is well placed to take investment opportunities from the bottom up.
The Center, which joined the Pacific in July 2019 to study industrial fluctuations and seek certainty, has been based at the South-West Securities Research and Development Center, which joined the Pacific Securities Centre in July 2017.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report