Continue to write the growth story, and keep watching Davis double-click, 2908, 2019, billions, +96%. Both earnings and profits are the highest in history for the same period.
∙ 22.1 billion, or 38 per cent, of the same year, and 3.53 billion, or 87 per cent, of the net return to the mother;
Excavator operations: Business sales are expected to grow at a steady and slow pace in the second half of the year, and the upgrading of market share + product structure has led to the elasticization of excavators ' income. In the first half of the year 2019, the volume of excavators was 137,000, with a high base, while the growth remained at 14.3 per cent, with a 31 per cent increase of 35,000, compared with +32 per cent, with a much higher rate of growth in industries;
The crane + concrete machine has reached its peak as a variety in the post-cycle, and the relay excavator has grown. In the first half of the year, the number of auto cranes sold was 23,000, with an increase of about 50 per cent, while the volume of Trinity increased at about 40 per cent in 2019.
At the top, it will benefit from an increased concentration of the industry, with sales expected to increase at a faster rate than the industry.
32.4%, year-on-year +0.7pt; net interest rate is 16%, year-on-year +3.5pct. Of this, q2 season combined gross costs are well regulated, with a combined cost of 11.8%, a decrease of 2.6pc, which is the lowest in history.
The scale effect and the product upgrades. Digger rates have declined slightly, and we judge that because of the more competitive industry since 2019, especially the lower end of the small dig product price, we estimate that the revenue from small digs below 20 tons is around 30% of the company's revenue, and that's why it's rounded up to 30% of the company's revenue.
We believe that, as the share of high-value products, such as digging, continues to rise, the rate of dredges is expected to remain stable in the second half of the year.
The net operating cash flow of 2019h1 was $7.6 billion, compared with +22 per cent, which is an historic high. The turnover rate of accounts receivable increased from 1.46 to 1.89 over the same period in the previous year, the amount of overdue payments declined significantly, the value of the new value was kept at its lowest level in history; and the stock turnover rate increased from 2.24 times in the same period in the previous year.
▪ Rapid growth in overseas revenues, with exports emerging as a new light, reaching overseas revenues of $7 billion in 2019h1, or +15.3 per cent in comparison with 15.3 per cent, representing 16 per cent of total income. Industry-wide exports of excavators have been increasing at a similar rate since 2018, with cumulative exports of 12335 in January-June
Triple 1 Worker (600031); Wang  Profit Forecasting and Investment Rating: We continue to maintain the view since the beginning of the year and firmly value China's most globally competitive high-end equipment enterprise: high-end product structure optimization + scale effect + high export growth
Long will continue to bring elasticity to performance, global competitiveness will gradually bring valuation premiums, companies will grow at a much faster rate than industry, heavy repurchases will boost confidence, and strong double-shooters will be appreciated.
1. In the first half of the year, income from various operations increased substantially, with the beneficiary sector continuing to grow at a high base + the company-city sub-operation, with the same increase in the volume of machine-digging revenue of $15.91 billion in the first half of the year 2019, which was 42.56 per cent in the same year, and the domestic market, which was the ninth consecutive year of combined sales championships, the market share increased at an accelerated rate: concrete machinery revenue of $12.92 billion, which increased by the same amount.
51.17% long, stable as the world’s number one brand, with a further expansion of the advantage. The sales of heavy machinery generated 8.5 billion dollars, up from the same year’s share of China’s number one brand; the sales of road machinery generated 1.25 billion yuan, up 43.87% from the same period, and the market position increased significantly, with the share of the market in the stall being the highest in the country.
Digger business: Business sales are expected to grow at a steady and slow pace in the second half of the year, and market share increases + product structure optimizes yield elasticities. Digger sales in the first half of the year 2019 were 137,000, with a 14.3% increase under the high base, while market shares continued to be concentrated in leading companies. Thirty-five thousand excavators were sold in the first half of the year, an increase of 32% over the 32% increase.
High-speed super-industry; the city's share rose by 2.4 pct to 25.5% from 23.1% in 2018. High-end products quickly replaced external capital, and the city of digs rose by 5.3 pct from January to May 31st, with over 40t of the big digs growing steadily in the second half of the year as a result of the heat of the sy485h machine.
The crane + concrete machine has reached its peak as a post-cycle variety, and the relay excavator has grown. In the first half of the year, the number of cars sold in the industry was 23,000, with an increase of about 50 per cent, while the sale in Trinity has increased by almost 60 per cent. According to our calculations, 2019-2020, figure 7: The pump is expected to be at its peak since 2019.
Significant increases in profitability, high cost controls over time, and significant scale effects have benefited from high levels of corporate business quality, a significant increase in corporate profitability, with an overall Māori ratio of 32.4 per cent, an increase of 0.7 pct over the same period in 2018; a net interest rate of 16 per cent, compared to +3.5 pct; and a weighted roe of 18.3 per cent, compared to the same period in 2018.
By branch of business, the Māori ratio of company concrete machinery/digging machinery/lifting machine/powder/roadmill operations has increased to varying degrees, except for excavators, where the large increase in company revenue has led to a scale effect and product upgrading. The Māori ratio of excavators has declined slightly, and we judge that it is due to competition in industry since 2019.
The impact on the overall Māori rate is more pronounced in the light of the sharp drop in prices, especially for smaller, lower-end dig products, where, according to our calculations, revenues of less than 20 tons of small digs are around 30% of the revenue. We believe that the Māori rate of diggers is expected to remain stable in the second half of the year as the share of high-value products such as digs continues to rise.
Cost controls were good, with three rates totalling 11.8 per cent, down by 2.6 pct, the lowest level ever.
During the reporting period, the company ' s net operating cash flow was $7.6 billion, compared to +22 per cent, and was historically high, mainly due to sales returns and increases. The turnover rate of accounts receivable increased from 1.46 to 1.89 in the same period the previous year.
Value sales overdue rates are contained at historically low levels; stock turnover has risen from 2.24 to 2.74 in the same period the previous year; 4. Overseas earnings have grown rapidly, and exports are emerging as new bright spots, reaching $7 billion abroad, compared with +15.3 per cent, representing 16 per cent of total income; and Māori is 26.8 per cent.
Since 2018, exports of excavators across the industry have been growing at a similar rate, with 12335 exports cumulatively in January-June, +39% in the same year, and more than 40% higher than in the industry at a rate of 31; most overseas regions, such as Indonesia, India, Europe, and the United States, have grown faster. In the first half of the year, companies have also increased their sales at a higher rate than 40%.
Three small micro excavators, Sy155u, sy50u and sy26u, have been developed for developed countries such as Europe and the United States, and have become internationally competitive in terms of performance and cost of domestic engineering and machinery products as key components, such as hydraulics, are domesticated; and Trinity leaders have been deployed overseas for many years, adding "a belt."
The demand for engineering along the route has a pull effect on the export of engineering machinery, and we expect that future export sales, such as excavators, will continue to grow at a high rate, with Trinity benefiting most as a leader.
We continue to maintain our view since the beginning of the year that China’s most globally competitive high-end equipment enterprises are firmly regarded as: high-end product structure optimization + scale effects + high export growth will continue to bring elasticity to performance, and global competitiveness will gradually bring about a valuation premium, looking at the opportunity for company Davis to double-shoot. The company’s net profits are projected to be $11.3 billion in 2019-2021, respectively.
Downstream capital estates grew less rapidly than expected, and industrial competitive patterns led to a decline in profitability. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.