e Heavy Worker (600031): The dominant product, such as the excavator, is the brightest, low-cost, profit-making company in the world, the world's leading equipment manufacturer, the main product.
Events: The company issued a performance forecast for the first half of 2019, which is expected to be attributable to the shareholders of listed companies, including concrete machinery, excavating machinery, crane machinery, pillar machinery, road construction machinery, building assembly prefabricated structures
Corporate concrete machines and excavators continue to grow in the country’s main products, such as excavators, concrete machines, cranes, etc. During the first five months of the company’s excavation, there were 31286 excavators, an increase of 34.08% over the same period, significantly better than the industry, with the city’s share rising.
The increase in the sale of cranes exceeds 100% and 130%, respectively, and the increase in the share of automobile cranes to 25% in the left has continued to show that the company’s products are more competitive in the market. The demand for engineering machinery is more resilient.
The recovery in demand for engineering machinery in this round is stronger and more sustained than the market expects, in terms of growth, labour-substitution effects, among other factors. Currently, more than 1.3 million domestic excavators have been retained for 10 years, and stock and environmental improvements are expected to be the main drivers of future industry sales, with annual replacement needs expected in the future.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial wisdom in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of brightness in leading products such as excavators.
The Chinese People ' s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master ' s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and the mechanical industry, joined the civil securities in 2016 and the East Hing securities in 2017.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Stock Company reports that the leading products, such as excavators, are showing good performance, and the cost of reducing the costs is helping to boost the profits.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.