I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
He's the only one in the world who's got it, and he's got it, and he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it, he's got it.
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Stockdata excavator (25majorproducesinchina) grew 6.6% yoyto 15kinjun, followinga 2.2% declineinmay.salesinchinawasdowndownonnally 0.3% yoyin
jun, mochbetterthanthe 5.8% declineinmay.exportremainedbrobustinjun with salesvolumesurging 56% yoy, the highestytdintermsofbothgroth ratandabsolutefile.in119, salesofexcavatorgrew14.2%oy.we
15% sany'smarketsharegainlikallytocontinue.chineseexcavatmakers havebeingmarksetshareforyears.onthebackoflapidimprovement
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Marketsharegain, sanytargetstoachevesvolumeof >20% yoyin source: bloomberg explosivegrovehofcraneandconcremate.weunderstandthat
12-mthpriceperformance sany'scranemachinerysalesgrowthread 100% yoyin1h19e, significanthigherthantheindustryaverageof50-60%.forconcrete
I'm sorry, machinery, sany'sconcretepustpulksalesvolumegrorowthreached 100% yoyin1h19e. sanyisparticullybulishonthissuementatherire demandridrivenbyplacementatpresent.weexceptsanytocontinueto
I don't know what you're talking about.
Auditor: ruihuacpa pleasecastourvalablevote for biresearchteaminthe
2019asiamoneybrokerpoll: source: ccma, cmbis source: ccma, and bisestimates
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlynordirectly, relattothepicviewsexressedbythatanalyst inthisreport.besides, theanalystconfirstothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefininedin thecodeofconductissed by thehonkongsecuities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
I'm sorry, coverinthisreport.
Market-perform underperform & international secretities limited
I don't know if I'm the only one who's got the right to be a part of it, but I'm the one who's got the right to be a part of it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm the only one in the world, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, therebeenpreparedbythecmbis, solelyforthpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsof & bisoritsaffiliate(s)tohomitistaction.thisreportisnototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforservicetobuyorsellanysecurity ornyinterestinsecuritiesorenterintoanytransaction.nether and bisnoranyofitsaffiliates, shareholders, agents, curators, offices, offices, offices.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
And/oronbehalfistrientsfromtimetotime.investsouldassumehat & bisdoesorseekstoveinvevevevevesmentbankingorotherbusiness relationshipswith the companyinsinthysreport.asasault, recipientssowardbeawarathatt & bismayhaveaconfclificatcoldaffedact theobjectivityofthisreportandand & biswillnotassemanyreresponsionsystems
I don't know, and that's publicity, Maynotbereproduced, reprinated, sold, redistributedorpublished inwholeorinpartforanyprposewi unpriorwritten consentofcmbis.additionalinforformationonrecommended securitiesavailableuponrequest.
i) fallingwithintentional19 (5)ofthefincialeservicesandmarketsact2000 (finalpromotion) or (asamendedrommetimetime)("theorder") or (ii)areparsfalingwithinarticle49(2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies,
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know if you're going to be able to do it, but I don't want to be able to do it.
Aninstrumentalinvestor, asdefinedthesecuritiesandfuturesact (cap.289)ofingapore, and bisgacceptslegalresponsiabilityforthecontents of the otherporttosuchpersonslytotheextentrequiredbylaw.singareccipitssowardcontactsandbisgat+656,350400formattersarerising from,orinconnectionwithotherport.