The King's style, which continues to outperform the expected growth in performance, is: the company issued a performance forecast on the night of 17, with a net return profit of 6.5 billion to 7 billion, +92 per cent to 107 per cent, of which a net return profit of 3.3 to 3.8 billion for the q2 quarter; net non-return gain for the mother
In the first half of the year, the excavator industry grew by 14 per cent, the market share was constantly concentrated, and we predicted that the 31 excavator sales would increase by 32 per cent, with the market rate rising by nearly 4 pct (6.6 per cent in June, and 5.3 pc), with the main excavator market of 40 t or more in the first half of the year owing to the heat of the Sy485h type.
We believe that the company’s profits are so elastic as to optimize its product structure, and that high-end products can grow out of the country after a significant increase in their competitiveness. The crane + concrete machine, a variety of subsequent cycles, has reached its peak, and the relay excavator has grown, and it's sold.
In January-April, the volume of automobile crane sales increased by 69%, and in January-April, the volume increased by 31% + 116%, judging that the rate of revenue from heavy machines nearly doubled in the first half of the year, and the rate of revenue from concrete machines increased by 60-70%.
Based on the volume of products sold in the first half of the year, we expect companies to grow at a rate of more than 50 per cent, with the elasticity of profitability on the scale of the effects, while companies are actively promoting digital upgrading, with significant and sustained improvements in the quality and efficiency of their operations.
A heavy pound buyback is a sign of development confidence, sending a positive signal that billions of dollars of home-owned money buy-back shares issued by companies with a back purchase price not exceeding $14/share. Intercepting 70% of this buy-back is for employee holding schemes and 30% for equity incentives will be promoted.
The growth rate is much higher than the industry, and the heavy weight of the buybacks is a sign of confidence and a firm look at the double-shooter — the profit forecast and investment rating: we maintain the view since the beginning of the year, and the firm look at the company's double-shooting opportunities.
The company ' s projected net profits for 2019-2021 were $10.5 billion, $12.1 billion and $13.3 billion, respectively, corresponding to p3, Trio Work (600031): q1 with a forecast ceiling, keeping a good eye on the two leaders.
2019-04-28 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board