The high-end equipment manufacturing and new materials research centre has doubled its performance and the market for excavators and cranes has increased rapidly.
In the first half of the year, corporate operating income, profit levels, cost control, and asset quality were all historically the best.
Cost is effectively controlled at a rate of 11.8 per cent for the period. Quality of assets continues to improve: net cash flow from operating activities, $7,595 million, an increase of 22.1 per cent over the previous year, an unprecedented increase of 3.5 pct. Operating net cash flow continues to be a net profit over the first half of the year.
(0.43 more times in the same year), the new value sales overdue rate is kept at the lowest level in history; inventory week 1. Trio Workweek: Chinese engineering machine: 2.74 (0.5 times more in the same year).
Excavators, car cranes, the rapid rise in the market, concrete machinery maintenance, the world’s number one engineering industry: engineering, driven by downstream replacement needs, capital needs, artificial substitution, etc. The engineering industry continues to grow at a higher rate. The engineering and machinery industry is now more competitive than it was in the previous cycle.
Excavators: In the first half of the year, the share of the city rose by 43 per cent and the net interest rate of the tri-carriers increased by 137,000 in the first half of the year, a 14 per cent increase in the same year; in the thirty-first half, the share increased by 32 per cent in the same year, and the share of the city rose to 25.5 per cent (22.2 per cent in 2018).
Concrete machinery: the Maori rate has risen significantly. The company earned $12.9 billion in concrete machinery in the first half of the year, compared with Wang Hua King.
Heavy machinery: income doubled, with the city ' s share rising significantly to 25%. In the first half of the year, sales of 25,000 vehicles increased by 50%, in the first half of the year, and in the third quarter of the year, in the third quarter of the year, by 118%, and in the second half, by 25% (22% in 2018).
At the end of the year, the company’s tower production base is expected to become operational, amounting to $5 billion in post-partum production. Capital investments are not as high as expected; some of the product industries are at risk of falling sales.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment