In order to be strong and perform at the highest level ever, the company is the world's leading equipment manufacturer, major product event: the company issued an announcement in the first half of 2019, generating business income of $43.386 billion, a year-on-year increase.
Comprises concrete machinery, excavating machinery, crane machinery, pillar machinery, road construction machinery, building assembly prefabricated structures, etc.
Investment in capital estates, etc., has continued with the outbreak of major products. Thanks to investment pull and environmental governance, renewed demand, and artificial substitution, the company’s main product has generated revenues of 1,591 billion yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 42.56 per cent, and the Māori rate of 36.84 per cent, a comparison of the same amount; and concrete machines.
At the highest level; at $8.5 billion, or 107.24 per cent more than the previous year; and at the top of the country’s ranks, machinery and road surfaces are solid. The sales and market share of the company’s main products have continued to rise, highlighting the strong market competitiveness of the company’s products.
The business income of the company (43,386 million yuan), the net profit of the parent (6,748 million yuan), the cost of the period (11,77 per cent) and the net cash flow of the business (7,595 million yuan) were the best in the first half of the year. We believe that the company’s profitability and economic performance are the best.
The upgrading of the quality of the camps has benefited, on the one hand, from the high demand in the market for the dominant products and the regulatory and modal effects of increased competitiveness, and, on the other hand, from a cycle of baptism and a greater emphasis on the quality of assets, the efficiency gains of intellectual transformation and automation and management have been significant.
More than double the 2011 phase-out peak in mid-year, the need for engineering machinery is sustained or exceeded market expectations, firm corporate performance is supported, and the 2020 upgrading of emission standards will also provide incremental demand for engineering machinery.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, 3x1 (600031): New + new demand strong, performing at the highest level in history.
East Hing Stock Exchange reports 3 1x1 jobs (600031): new + renewed demand is strong and performing at the highest level ever.
The Chinese People ' s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master ' s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and the mechanical industry, joined the civil securities in 2016 and the East Hing securities in 2017.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.