In the first half of the year, 30 August 2019, performance increased significantly, with net profit falling to the highest level in the same period in history.
The company achieved a revenue of 43.39 billion yuan, an increase of 54.3 per cent over the same period, a net return of 6.75 billion yuan to the mother, driven by factors such as continued growth in exports from countries along the “one-way” route, a sustained increase in the atmosphere of the engineering and machinery industry, a growing competitiveness of the company's products and a significant increase in all its operations;
The first half of the year created the best business performance since the company was founded. In the second quarter, the company achieved a revenue of 22.9 billion yuan, an increase of 38.4 per cent over the same period, and a net return of 3.53 billion yuan, an increase of 86.7 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s Māori rate was 32.4 per cent and 0.7 per cent higher in the same year; the net interest rate was 16.0 per cent, and 3.5 per cent higher in the same year; but there was still a gap with the 2011 peak, and there was still much room for improving the company ' s profitability.
The turnover of corporate receivables was 1.9 times in six months, an increase of 0.4 times in the same year; the inventory turnover rate was 2.7 times, an increase of 0.5 times in the same year. The company ' s overdue payments were significantly reduced and the rate of late sales of new value was kept at the lowest level in history. In the first half of the year, net cash flows from corporate operations amounted to $7.60 billion.
This is a 22.1% increase from the previous year, and it's a record high. Through a digital transformation, the company achieved a significant increase in output without adding large equipment, with a per capita output leading the global engineering and machinery industry, a sharp increase in the number of cranes, and a boom in the excavator market. In the first half of the year, the company excavated machinery/mechanisms.
Concrete machines/lifting machines/pumping machines/roadworks each achieved rapid growth in all operations, with a doubling of the number of cranes and a significant increase in the market share of cranes. In the first half of the year, the company sold 35,000 excavators, an increase of 32.0 per cent compared with 32.0 per cent.
Super-industry has grown at an average rate of 25.5 per cent, and the domestic market has been championed for the ninth consecutive year of joint sales. Corporate concrete machinery has been established as the world’s first brand, and its advantages have been further expanded.
Investment proposal: The company is one of the leading companies in the engineering and machinery industry in the country. We expect the company's rating system's “market index” to be based on 300 indexes.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.