In the first half of the year, the mother's net profit doubled, and in the first half of the year, the employee's net profit doubled, and in the first half of the first half of the year, the employee's net profit doubled in the first half of the year 2019.
In the second quarter, the firm is expected to achieve a net return profit of $3.28 billion, the firm's core competitiveness continues to grow, the market share of the dominant products, such as excavating machinery, concrete machinery, lifting machinery, etc., continues to rise, and global competitiveness continues to increase.
The digitalization and intellectual manufacturing process has resulted in a significant increase in the quality, efficiency and per capita output of businesses, as well as in effective cost control and a significant increase in the level of profitability.
Zhanghaojie@dgzq.com.cn sold 137,000 excavators in the first half of the year, an increase of 14.2 per cent over the same period, of which 15,000 were sold in June, an increase of 6.6 per cent over the same period.
In January-May, 31,000 excavators were sold, an increase of 34.1% over the previous year, which was much faster than the growth in industry. Trinity accounted for 25.6%, compared to downstream demand for real estate, infrastructure, etc.
During the first half of 2019, the downstream sectors, such as domestic real estate and infrastructure, experienced strong demand, the engineering industry continued to recover, the market demand was strong, and the orders and sales of corporate products continued to grow at a high rate. In 2019, the countercyclical regulation of our macroeconomics became more favourable to capital investment, with 10 June.
The new regulations for special-purpose bonds introduced by the day will effectively address capital deficiencies in capital projects, and capital investments are expected to rebound in the second half of the year to boost engineering and mechanical requirements. After-cycle products such as heavy machines, concrete, machinery, etc., will be renewed at a peak in 2019, and the official relay excavator will become a belt.
The engineering and machinery industry’s four emission standards are expected to be implemented in 2020, with environmental pressures, and the backward models that do not meet the emission standards are expected to accelerate. Three concrete machines, the lift machine, together, will account for nearly 50% of the total, and the concrete machine will remain the largest in the world.
One brand, the sales of heavy machinery have increased significantly, and the market share has risen steadily. While the excavator has recovered strongly, the gradual recovery of cranes and concrete machinery is expected to drive the company's performance on a sustained and rapid basis.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.