Starwoo shares (601799): Keep an eye on the upgrading of the lights and the new energy customer expansion, leading to upturns in performance: company annual report 2022, company revenue of $8.25 billion in 2022, year-on-year
In 22 years, the company achieved $8,250 million, or +4.3 per cent, as a net profit to its mother of $940 million, or -0.9 per cent, of its clients.
Among households, Chiré sales are equal to +32.7%, the public, the Toyota sales are equal, the East Wind sales are equal to 14.8%, and the company’s revenues are growing faster than those of its downstream core clients. 22q4 company gross car lights have been increasing and the new product line has been actively developed.
Combination lamps, small lights sales amount to 703, 1459, 3.65 million, corresponding to +12.2 per cent, +3.8 per cent, -14.3 per cent. The company continues to promote the upgrading of car lamps, including dlp smart headlamps based on dmd technology, hd smart headlamps based on microlled technology, and microlled/
In 2019-2022, the average sales price for company car lamps was $79.9, $103.7, $112.0 and $129.3 for other new products.
The light controllers, hcm/rcm/lcu, etc., are expected to achieve visual sensor technology and smart light control, combined to enhance the perception and interactiveness of carlight products. In terms of cooperation and targeting, companies have entered into strategic collaborations with chip companies, such as horizons, which are based on a mobility solution based on a 3-chip development.
The programme has now secured a domestic head car firm, which is expected to produce in 23 years. The new energy transition has been successful, with new orders climbing up the slope. In 2022, the company took over 41 vehicle-type projects, resulting in the production of 23 new vehicle-type projects in bulk.
The experience of deep collaboration between the public, Daimler, BMW, and other front-line mainframes has gradually moved into a system of new players, small pelicans, ideals, and self-owned branding of customers, and in 2022 the company's new order, four of which became new energy customers, is expected to accelerate the transformation of new energy sources.
Globalization has been steadily advancing, and new production can be delivered. In December 2022, the company Ser \triangleright Vya factory came into operation, and the new global production can be expected to push the company to further expand the offshore lights market.
On the domestic front, the company Motors Electronics and Sinda Securities Inc. is partially operational, and the smart industry gardening plant and five construction projects are stable.
New production is expected to support the company's upgrading of product batches and further open the door to company growth.
Profit projection: given that the company is a leading company in autonomous car lights, it is expected to continue to benefit from product uplifts \triangleright Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, lower than expected sales in the car industry and upgrading of carlight products
\triangleright is less than expected, industry sales are less than expected.
Figure 4: Quarterly net profit/year-on-year increase in corporate returns / year-on-year increase in corporate income / year-on-year increase
Figure 6: Quarterly rates for companies, first place in the 2018 Gold Cow Award, second place in the 2020 New Wealth Award, fourth core member in the 2020 New Wave Golden Valium team. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities.
Technology Center and Joaquin Securities, one year ' s work experience in automobile companies + two years ' research experience in the automobile industry. Covers the entire car, Tesla ' s industrial chain, electric power, Cao Jie, Sunda ' s research assistant in the automobile industry, M.A. in Economics, B.A. in Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, smart cars, motor networks, new driving forces, etc.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.