Q1 q1 under pressure, waiting for the industry to stabilize, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2023, with 23q1 generating $1.92 billion, or 9.8 per cent of the year, or 15.8 per cent of the year; the mother ' s net profit was $200 million, or 24.5 per cent of the year, or 8.6 per cent of the year; the Maori rate was 21.5 per cent, or 21.5 per cent of the year ' s year, or q1 performance, or better. The policy exit affected the sale of 6.072 million cars in 23q1 countries.
Solid, relatively large bargaining power; lower net interest rates in the same year, mainly higher R & D rates, improved net interest rate ring ratios, and lower sales rates. Looking forward, as the overall car market stabilizes, it is expected that the Q.D.L. product will be upgraded and asp will continue to rise. Carlights are moving towards digitization, intelligence, and digitization.
Upgraded. Led front lamp penetration still has room for improvement; functionally, smart-light products such as adb, pumps, lamps, grids, cross-cutting taillights, dlp, etc. have become new trends, driving the value of bicycles up. The average unit price of company products for 22 years is 129.2 yuan, compared to +15.4 per cent.
A total of 2.162 million lamps and post-combined lamps were sold, i.e. +6.4 per cent and 37.2 per cent, i.e., +4.9 per cent. As the structure of the company ' s products continues to optimize, asp will continue to grow. Technology research and development accelerates and client profiles expand. Companies are constantly accelerating to include dlp based on dmd technology.
Research and development of new technologies, such as smart front-lights, pixel-based interactive lights based on microlled technology, carlight controllers, and development of products related to mooring one ' s intelligent driving, with a 6.5% R&D cost of 23q1 at an all-time high. In addition, companies are actively exploring new energy customers, and it is expected that the client structure will continue to be optimized over 23 years, as it rises.
The share of technology and high value-added products has continued to rise, and there is much room for improvement in future city occupancy rates. Risks; capacity expansion is not as high as expected.
New energy clients are released on the front line (2023-04-02) to meet opportunities (2022-10-17) and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.