China Group (002311). The main industry is growing steadily. April 13th, 2022.
incident: corporate disclosure of annual reports 2021 and quarterly reports 2022, company operations realized in 2021, a collection of research and development, production and marketing of aquatic feed,
For livestock feed and aquatic feed, and healthy farming, there is a 71.62 per cent decrease in the same year.
In addition to farming, the main sector has maintained a high growth rate, with a further increase in integrated competitiveness and municipalization. In 2021, the company was actually a water feeder, seedlings, and dynamic conservation products. The company has now sold 18.7 million tons of feed, successfully meeting the target of 18.5 million tons of equity incentives.
Integrated technical services that have achieved production in priority aquaculture areas throughout the country: excellent product capacity, improved product categories and full-scale farming processes, continuing to provide an indication of key issues for the next three to six months:
In 2021, the pig-breeding business suffered from higher losses due to the price cycle, the company achieved a business income of $81,357 million, an increase of 43.71 per cent over the previous year, and the level of pig-breeding continued to increase, and the promotion of seedlings and aquaculture was expected to contribute to the new growth.
Debt relief and cross-share ownership: about 2 million pigs are born throughout the year, with extra pig-buying dominated by fertility and higher upfront costs. As the public sector ' s biocontrol capacity continues to increase, the company ' s feed end is topping up, and the companies grow.
Indicators are gradually improving, with fertility rates exceeding 90% and costs falling. Companies are positioning pig farming as a strategic block to deepen industry understanding, and future expansion is expected to be more robust with the goal of increasing the combined capacity of farming.
In addition, in 2021, companies continued to increase their income and profitability by raising insurance and seedlings, contributing 855 million yuan and 892 million yuan, an increase of 42.3 per cent and 34.27 per cent, respectively.
The Māori rate has been maintained at more than 50 per cent: in addition, the company has been involved in the area of stock/salea shares (millions of shares) for special water products such as raw fish and prawns. Future plans to further scale up farming are expected to generate new performance growth for the company.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we look forward to the core of the company's main feed and ancillary business.
The Great Sea Group (002311). The main industry is growing steadily, and the near-profits of the breeding point are expected to improve, the source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China Group (002311), the main industry is growing steadily, and that the near-profits of the farm are expected to improve.
M.A. in Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined the East Hing Portfolio in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry, with a focus on the sub-sectors of livestock farming, fodder protection, pet food, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.