The volume of feed sales has risen steadily and the focus has shifted towards efficiency gains Investment rating: purchasing (maintenance) won, 42.6 per cent increase in the same year, net profit return to the mother of 1,596 million yuan, 36.7 per cent decrease in the same year;
2022q1 achieved business income of 19.950 billion yuan, an increase of 27 per cent in the same year, a net gain of 200 million for mothers, an increase of 81.357 billion yuan for other operations for the elimination of pig farming, an increase of 43.7 per cent in the same year, and a net gain of about 500 million yuan for the rest of the business for mother-raising, which remained essentially the same as the same period last year.
• Corporate feed sales continued to grow at a rapid rate, shifting in focus to efficiency gains in 2022. Corporate prices compared to the trend of 300 deep, with 18.7 million tons of feed sold out in 2021, an increase of 28 per cent in comparison with the national feed.
By category, the company sold 9.44 million tons of poultry, an increase of 11 per cent compared to the previous year, and by expanding its collaboration with the scale farm, the Dragon Farm Company, which provides customized products and farming programmes, it has continued to grow in reverse against the backdrop of the country’s declining demand for poultry;
The sales of succulents increased by 4.6 million tons, double the same time, and the brand recognition of pigs continued to increase, with priority sales expanded from south to south and south to north-west China, as well as rapidly gaining competitive advantages in new markets, resulting in high growth far beyond the industry; and corporate aquaculture.
The sales volume was 4.67 million tons, an increase of 21 per cent compared to the previous year, with 21 per cent for water fish, 4.2 million tons for shrimp, a 20 per cent increase in the same year, and continued to expand rapidly forage operations, which were affected by the rise in raw materials prices and low farm prices, and the Māori rate for company feed operations in 2021.
In response to the sharp rise in the prices of raw materials after the Spring Festival, the company actively raised the prices of feed sales.
The price of extra-supplier pigs was affected by q4, q3, which produced 2 million pigs in 2021, and the current cost of farming was reduced to $16/kg. In 2021-10-202021, the company produced about 2 million pigs, doubling its income from pig production.
46.42 billion yuan, or 25.1 per cent more than in the same year, because the company's own breeding system has not yet been fully established, the advantage of the feed business has been highlighted by the cost of raising q4 pigs.
In 2021, the company farmed pigs at a loss of $896 million.
It has been reduced to $16 per kilogram, and in the medium to long term, the company’s cost has a further downside path, and the company is expected to benefit from a new cycle of pig prices. The seedlings, the dynamic growth, and the building of core competitiveness continue.
At the heart of the degradation of the seed resources of the aquaculture industry is the development and launch of new varieties of fish production in many countries, such as the Vannabin shrimp "Yorin 2" shrimp seedlings, and the long beads. The Vannabin shrimp "Yorin 2" uses a wide range of pro-shrimp groups brought in from different regions of the globe to grow and live with their targets, using their families.
The blup selection techniques combined with molecular assisted breeding techniques have been developed through five successive generations; by contrast with ordinary shrimp seedlings, the "Yeptune 2" has the characteristics of growing fast, resilient, and high survival rates.
To create a comprehensive service platform for advanced products and technologies in the industry, to provide farmers with farming technical clothing, to expand the company ' s leading position in the industry, and to set a threshold for animal feed and farm services.
The company is competitive, the company continues to grow through a high cycle, and the foreign buying pig has had a negative impact on the year 2021. The information and information used in this report are presented independently and objectively using information from the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of the information or of any change in the information and advice contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.