The production of pig farming has been a drag on performance, and the feed market has continued to increase.
Sheba Yo, +42.56%, of which feed, sale of agricultural products, trade in raw materials, and microecological agents contribute respectively The continuing downswing of prices has led to the net profit of the stockholders of the listed company - 896 million yuan.
The company ' s performance has been affected by the upturn in the price of raw materials for feed and the increase in cost rates, which continued to rise, with the addition of some 8.7 million tons of additional capacity for the sale of company feed in 21 years 1.63 million tons, of which 18.7 million tons, or 28 per cent, were sold abroad, with a further increase in the city ' s share;
Forage, it is 9.08%, corresponding to 1.24pt.
In aquatic products, 21 years of high prices and high demand for fish for feed, companies for water, and 21 per cent of fish for fish; sales of fish for special fish, affected by downswings in catering consumption and degradation of seedlings, are almost flat; and, benefiting from the advantages of aquaculture protection and service models, companies sell the same amount of shrimp crabs.
The feed business is the company ' s most central business in the medium and long term, with a sales target of 40 million tons in 2025, and the company ' s new investment in construction in 21 was close to 5 million tons of capacity, while absorbing and adding more than 30 feed plants and increasing production capacity by about 3.7 million tons, laying the foundation for the 25-year target, including through leasing, mergers and acquisitions.
In 21 years, the cost of raising pigs has fallen by about 2 million pigs, generating an operating income of $4.642 billion, or +25.08 per cent. Twenty-one years outside of the pigs, buying piglets is mostly fat and costs are relatively high, adding up to 21 years of low prices, and companies produce pigs.
At the farm level, the company ' s bio-control capabilities are constantly improving, the farming team is highly skilled, and the fertility phase has a survival rate of more than 90%; the cost of the company ' s pig-breeding has fallen significantly, given the 22-year pig cycle or reversibility, by adding feed-end research and development and the advantages of scale.
The investment suggests companies as champions in the feed industry, clustering products, R & D, serving as one, and the growing capacity of feed production, with companies actively moving towards the target of 40 million tons; adding pig cycles or meeting them.
(a) Animal disease and the risk of natural disasters;
Experiences, in-depth studies of pig cycles, sugar cycles, etc., are good at industrial analysis and have solid stock-selection capabilities.