The price of the product is rising and the shares are on the line.
On the evening of 8 June, the company announcement raised the price of titanium powder of all types, increasing the price of the various types of titanium powder to 500 customers downstream, and issued an announcement that the foreign share (h share) was to be publicly released for the first time and applied for listing on the Hong Kong joint stock board.
The final amount of the distribution is determined by the shareholders’ assembly, which authorizes the board of directors and the person authorized by the board of directors, in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, rules of the exchange, approval by the regulatory body and market conditions.
As a result of the global economic recovery, demand for titanium powder continues to improve and prices are rising. The company is a domestic titanium chalk tap, and the titanium powder industry is expected to maintain a high profile throughout the year, with guaranteed growth in corporate performance.h Stock listings will further expand the corporate finance pipeline, enhance corporate capital and accelerate corporate growth.
The company’s future growth space is wide, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The price of titanium powder has risen, with a year-round performance growth of high certainty: driven by downstream demand for real estate, cars, etc., titanium powder market is hot, prices have been rising, and the current price of titanium powder is 20,400.
Tons, yoy+60%, titanium ore prices are $2450/ton, yoy+94%. The company is a small number of titanium powder companies in the country with titanium ore, with a self-sufficiency rate of 60% of the sulphate-based titanium powder, a cost-protecting river, and the increase in titanium ore prices has allowed the company to enjoy a double dividend, cost advantages and industrial integration advantages.
In the context of the global economic recovery, the titanium market has burst, business orders have been strong, high-profile, and year-round performance growth has been assured. Ports are on the market, accelerating internationalization: the company expects the first release of an H share of no more than $559.9 million.
The funds raised will be used to expand operations, project investments, information technology systems and platform construction, acquisitions and mergers, research and development, repayment of bank loans, replenishment of liquidity, capital improvements, and corporate use in general.
The corporate financial power and international influence have accelerated the internationalization of companies. The whole industry chain layout, multi-editorial, goes hand-in-hand: the company, the third largest titanium producer in the world, is constantly increasing capital spending to improve the chain of titanium concentrates, titanium slags, and titanium powder.
The new materials industry, with funding to set up a company for new energy materials, will build on the iron-coated by-products of titanium powder lines to produce lithium phosphate and extend the industrial chain to the new energy sector. The company will be well motivated to develop later, with multiple plates moving in parallel.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.