The titanium powder industry has maintained its high profile and new projects have been put into operation to raise the level of profitability.
On 10 May, the company issued a public announcement to increase the price of titanium powder of all models, raise the domestic price by $1,000 yuan per ton, and increase the international price by $150 per ton. In addition, the company ' s 500,000 tons of titanium-upgrade conversion to chlorinated titanium slag innovation project was officially powered on 8 May.
The global economic recovery has resulted in continued demand for titanium powder and rising prices. In addition, the supply of raw materials, concentrates, continues to be tight and prices have risen significantly.
This advantage is further highlighted. In addition, the company’s capital spending in 2020 was larger, new projects were rich, productive, and would lead to a new increase in profits when it could be invested, and there would be much room to grow in the future, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The price of titanium powder has been rising steadily since the second half of the 20th century, with the current price of titanium-type titanium powder at $21567/t, yov+41%, titanium concentrate at $2425/t, yov+64%. The company is a small number of titanium powder companies with titanium mines in the country, with a high self-sufficiency rate for sulphate titanium powder.
With 60% of the cost-protected river, the price of titanium is rising, with companies enjoying a double dividend, cost advantages and industrial integration advantages becoming more pronounced, and industry leaders consolidated. In the face of the global economic recovery, titanium powder is “low season” and firm orders are abundant and high-profile.
The company’s year-round growth is assured. The whole industry chain, the high-cost moat: the company, as the third largest titanium-poding company in the world, is increasing capital spending and improving the chain of industry up and down.
The grade conversion titanium chloride innovation project is officially powered to deliver 300,000 tons of titanium chloride annually after delivery, which will further improve the chain of titanium concentrate- titanium- titanium powder industry, reduce costs, and enhance corporate profitability. In addition, the company Yunnan Newly produces 200,000 tons of titanium chloride per year.
The titanium titanium production of 30,000 tons of trans-tons of titanium titanium is also steadily being built, which will further help companies grow in the future. Equity Incentives program boosts employee motivation: the company implemented a restrictive stock incentive program in 2021.
The plan to award 152 million shares to employees, covering a wide range of company middle-level managers and core nuclear technology (business) personnel, helps to mobilize the motivation and creativity of managers and employees, attracts and preserves good managerial and business cadres, and guarantees the firm ' s long-term stability.
Net annual profits of 37.44/51 billion yuan, yoy+64 per cent/+17 per cent/+14 per cent, combined with ps for gradual release, guaranteed performance growth and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.