Investment gains/losses on short- and long-term performance, with sustained interest in the medium- and long-term development of the company. Rapid performance reports for the first quarter of the year, yielding operating income of $4,598 million over the reporting period, or +24.18 per cent,
The net profit from the return to the mother is 1,061 million yuan, or +17.77 per cent of the year. 1. Investment gains and losses drag four quarters of performance, with 2021q1 rebounding sharply, or 11.77 per cent of the year.
During the period, the market performance was strong and the growth of corporate performance was higher than expected; the second quarter of a foreign outbreak, titanium, total equity/flow (million shares) dropped, domestic demand weakened, prices fell rapidly, and corporate performance fell in three.
The overall market value/flow (millions of dollars) rises during the quarter, with the gradual recovery of domestic and foreign demand. But the market is still going to bounce, and the price of the domestic market for titanium powder is going to be on average for three quarters.
The price of the golden titanium powder has recovered steadily at an average price of $14,777 per ton, an increase of 17.2 per cent over the ring.
The company's four-quarter revenues amounted to $4.23 billion, compared to +36.12 per cent, the ring to +17.7 per cent, the first-quarter revenue record, while the fourth quarter's net profit to the mother was only $339 million, compared to the dragon arcade.
The investment loss resulting from the revaluation of its fair value on the day of its release was 378 million yuan, the arcade: a three-dimensional comparison of thinking, a build-up and discounting fee of 109 million yuan on a high-quality track, for a total of 514 million yuan.
The growing capacity of the company for titanium powder production has led to a significant increase in production and sales: production in 2020.
(b) Sale of 832,400 tons of titanium powder, an increase of 33.12 per cent, of which 48 per cent were domestic sales, 52 per cent international sales, 6388 million tons of sulphate powder.
In 2021q1, titanium powder market prices continued to rise, and successive price adjustment announcements issued on 11 April and 12 April for the gold-carb market at an average price of $17311 also reflected the continued upswing in industry, leading to a sharp rebound in corporate performance.
The expansion of the whole industry chain continues, with a stronger leader: investment gains, losses and losses that slow short-term performance and continue to value the company's medium- and long-term development; chlorination titanium powder; and the epoch of the two million tons of chlorinated titanium powder project in Yunnan.
The evaluation compliance process has been fully completed and pre-construction work is under way, with the construction of sponge titanium projected for 2023, the recovery of 10,000 tons of titanium per year in 2019 in Yunnan, the utilization of more than 90 per cent in 2020 and the production of 9101.25 tons of sponge titanium in 2020, an increase from the previous year.
At the same time, Yunnan produces 30,000 tons of spin-class titanium smart manufacturing technology, which is in the process of building a plant, with 15,000 tons per year expected to be completed by 2023.
The gradual implementation of the titanium titanium project will further improve the company’s titanium industry chain. With regard to the titanium powder raw materials for chlorinated systems, the 500,000-ton titanium-protein-up conversion project has entered the installation phase and is expected to be completed in the near future.
Upgraded to titanium chloride while acquiring high-quality iron, leading to a significant increase in the use value of titanium concentrates, which further boosts corporate titanium concentrate - titanium chloride - titanium powder chlorinated - sponge titanium alloy whole chain optimization, lowers the cost of raw materials, and guarantees long-term stability of chlorination.
We expect the company to double its net return to the mother in 2021-2023. Considering the global size of titanium powder, it is expected to grow into a global leader, industry chain.
The advantages of integration are evident, with new productive capacities released, profits raised, low-valued high-scoring dividends, and investment gains and losses held back short-term performance and continued interest in the company ' s medium- and long-term development.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.