Tremendous powder prices go up and yield increases can support performance growth throughout the year.
On 20 April, the company published a 21-year quarterly report, with q1 earning 4.545 billion yuan, yoy + 25.9 per cent, net profit to the mother of 1,064 million yuan, yoy + 18.0 per cent, and a single-season revenue of 0.52 dollars, which is the newest in history. The company announced a profit allocation plan for 2021q1, with cash dividends to be distributed to all shareholders for every 10 shares.
As a result of the epidemic, the price of titanium powder fell sharply in the first half of the 20th century, the company ' s Māori rate fell, starting with 3q in 20 years, and the price of titanium self-powder rebounded and is still positive, supporting 21 years of growth in corporate performance. Companies expanded their production capacity, improved their industry chain layout, reduced production costs, and increased nuclear power through new projects.
Competing, looking at the future growth space of the company, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The revenue ratio has increased, and the Māori rate has fallen slightly: 20 years of rapid growth in company operations have been dominated by a rise in titanium powder sales, and 20 years of sales of titanium powder has been 83.24 million tons, a 33% increase in the same year.
Net profits have not increased as much as harvest, mainly affected by the epidemic, the average price of titanium powder has fallen on the same day, titanium has increased on the same date, and the average price of titanium powder has risen on the same date for 20 years at $14,900 per ton, yoy-6 per cent, titanium, 1551 per ton, yoy + 25 per cent, and the company ' s combined Māori ratio has fallen by 6.86 per cent on the same date.
Between points and 4.15 per cent, the cost of sales decreased by 2.43 percentage points due to statistical caliber changes. In addition, the company ' s 204q remeasured the fair value of 15.66 per cent of its shareholdings in the Orientian industry on its non-public release date, resulting in investment losses of 378 million yuan, plus discount fees of 109 million yuan, etc.
The price of titanium powder continued to rise, with 21 years of good performance: q1’s performance grew mainly from an average price of $17,976 per ton of titanium powder, yoy + 16%, compared to the price increase at the beginning of the year.
The price of titanium powder and titanium concentrate rose by 20% and 21%, respectively, in April of the year, compared to the beginning of the year. Cost supports upscaling downstream demand, titanium powder prices remain high, companies have raised prices many times in 21 years, and subsequent titanium powder prices continue to rise, further increasing corporate performance.
Acid titanium is 60% self-sustaining, cost is protected by the river, price increases for titanium are deepening, company costs are protected by river, profits are raised, and the advantages of corporate industrial chain integration are highlighted. New projects continue, and there is much room for future growth: spending on corporate capital has increased significantly over the past 20 years, and construction is under way.
titanium concentrate - titanium chloride slag - titanium chloride - titanium sponge titanium - titanium alloy whole-sector chain optimization. 500,000 tons of titanium-trimide-up tones are in the installation phase and are expected to come into production by the end of April. Yunnan Xinjiang produced 200,000 tons of titanium chloride production line, Yunnan titanium.
After the release of 30,000 tons of annual production of titanium titanium-grade smart-making techniques, the construction of which has been steadily advanced, the company’s share of titanium powder market has been further expanded into the high-end aerodrome industry. Profit forecasting: considering the boom in titanium powder prices, we have improved the profit forecast, and the company is expected to make it a profit forecast.
The company’s new production capacity is gradually released, there is much room for future growth, and a “buy-in” rating is maintained. Annex III: Cash flow statement. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.