In the mid-2018 report, the company achieved operating income of $4,985 million, an increase of 39.19 per cent over the previous year, and a net profit of $573 million for mothers, an increase of 92.47 per cent over the previous year.
The body ecology highlights the advantages of media-wide resource consolidation and industrial co-development. The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the infusion of high-quality mango assets, and the company's “all-fire” move to a new stage of development.
During the reporting period, the company acquired 100 per cent of the shares of five companies (Happy Sunshine, Mango Recreation, Leisure Media, Mango Shadows, Mango Recreation) by issuing shares. After the transaction was completed, the company ' s main business was expanded from retail media operations to new media platforms, new media interactive entertainment production and media retailing of the entire industry chain, with significant changes in profits.
This represents an increase of 39.19 per cent over the previous year, with new media platforms generating 1,782 million yuan, an increase of 108.7 per cent over the previous year; and interactive content production in new media of hundreds of millions of dollars. This reflects the company's adoption of a new media platform based on Mangotv, which works in partnership with a wide range of content-producing and operating actors, such as video dramas and amphibious content productions, artist brokers, music copyrights, game distributions and the interactive marketing of ip content, creating stream media content, new media platforms and
Mango tv continues to play a central branding advantage, and the Internet video business has achieved remarkable performance. During the reporting period, happy sunshine achieved a gross operating income of 2,603 million yuan, an increase of 89.24 per cent, and net profit of $421 million, an increase of the same value.
166.17. The core business Internet video business has grown at a rate of 117%, with Happy Sunshine members rising by 114.20% and advertising by 120.89%, and the performance of Mangotv ' s new media platform has increased by about 110% according to a three-quarter performance forecast. The high-profile performance growth reflects the great success of Mangotv ' s brand premium model for creating a multi-dimensional enabling platform.
To create a unique content strategy, and to continue to innovate in the content-driven system of content-based advertising products. On the art side, Mangotv is working to create a six-mega-mega-sport, mango-symphony, new love-sense, parent-son, ad-prescriptive, and so on. I'm a big detective, school-leaving, mom's superman.
In terms of investment, development, and production of films and dramas, Love and the Way Forward, the platform reached 500 million people, an increase of 59 per cent over 2017; in terms of platform dau, 35,57 million, an increase of 24 per cent over 2017. As at 30 June 2018, the number of members of the platform had increased to 6.01 million, compared to the end of 2017.
The performance of the retail section of the former company’s main business experienced a slight decline during the reporting period, with 18h1 earning 1,234 million yuan, a decrease of 5.95 per cent over the same period.
During the reporting period, the company as a whole recorded an increase of 1.63 billion yuan, or 3.35 per cent over the same period, reflecting a steady increase in the overall trend, reflecting the firmness of the company as a whole.
Of this, the operation of the new media platform has achieved Māori 608 million, an increase of 33.72 per cent over the same period last year; and the Māori interactive entertainment 680 million, a persistently low Māori rate, a decrease of 17.45 per cent compared to the same period last year, which we believe is mainly due to the high operating costs of interactive entertainment generated by film production, which is also a significant factor in the cash flow generated by corporate business activities, which is $339 million, a decrease of 753.3 per cent.
Quarterly performance forecasts show that the number of interactive entertainment content production packages in the 18th year and 3rd quarter of the year compared to the same period in the previous year is a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, and we believe that corporate performance as a whole is growing rapidly, and that the benefits of resource integration and industrial synergies are evident, with a view to the path of corporate growth.
Increased competition in the industry and the risk of rising cost pressures; copyright defects and the risk of piracy torts; the source of financial growth in the East; the source of financial growth in the East; the source of financial growth in the East.
In 2016, he invested in the Tianyang Real Estate industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.