Mango super-media, video-paying members have continued to grow, and media integration has progressed smoothly. Mango super-media released its semi-annual report for 2018, which generated $4,985 million in operating income in the first half of the year.
+39.19 per cent), operating income of $4,254 million was realized in the second quarter (year-on-year +48.09 per cent, ring comparison $11 million net profit (year-on-year +25.38 per cent) from shareholders in parent companies and two quarters revenue recognition from multiple television dramas and continued growth in video membership.
The net profit is 642 million yuan, of which the five companies that were acquired have a total net profit of 633 million yuan.
Building a membership system and continuously playing the advantage of full media integration. The company insists on a user-centred membership system that combines "online viewing and underline participation" to raise the competition for its members' products across the board.
During the reporting period, platform mau reached 500 million, an increase of 59 per cent over 2017; platform dau reached 3557 million, an increase of 24 per cent over 2017. As of 30 June 2018, the value of platform payer Arpu was 0.36, which is almost the same as in 2017.
In terms of the size of the industry, the overall market for the mixed arts and cinematography stabilized in the first half of 2018, but head ip continued to occupy a major share of the market, the overall growth rate of the company’s harvest was largely in line with that of the industry, the growth of the electricity industry was higher than the overall growth of the industry, and the retailing of the media was below the industry average.
Industry policy is tightened, video users are growing faster than expected, and using market prices as a standard on August 30, 2018, we look forward to the future of video members and their own content production levels.
“In-depth report on the web-based art industry: Sino-Chinese International Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy
During the reporting period, the company ' s operation of new media platforms generated revenues of $1,782 million (year-on-year +108.7 per cent), representing revenue.
One hundred million yuan (plus 85.11 per cent). The new media interactive content production business generated operating revenues of 1,968 million yuan (up from 40.26 per cent), media gains and losses of 562 million dollars, mainly from the purchase of 100 per cent of the shares of five companies (happiness sunshine, mango fun, daily entertainment media, mango video, mango entertainment). The net profit of the company for the current period was $642 million, of which five companies received a net gain.
In television dramas, income comes mainly from Love, The Way Forward, I stand on the bridge to watch the scenes, Gold Investors, young people like us, the best days of youth, the Autumn Intifada, Our Youth, etc., as well as from company co-authors, The Flute Gardens, The Milestones. In interactive entertainment, income comes mainly from Mi Super,
My name is "Mt World," "The Great King" and so on, "The Dream Garden" has been installed on a one-time basis in Camp Happiness, and "The Star Garden, The Original Post," which is being developed as "Friends Interact App." The Māori rates for physical platform operations, interactive content production in new media, retail media and other businesses have changed over the same period last year, respectively:
In terms of the size of the industry, the overall market for polyclinics and cinematographics has stabilized in the first half of 2018, but headlines continue to dominate the market, with films accounting for about 75% of total network traffic, and the total retail sales of consumer goods in the first half of 2018 have increased in comparison to the previous half of the year.
9.4 per cent, with a total size of RMB 18 trillion, the final consumption expenditure has contributed 78.5 per cent to economic growth. Thus, the company-wide growth rate is largely consistent with the industry, with television drama operations growing faster than the industry-wide growth and media retailing below the industry average.
During the reporting period, company sales costs amounted to $745 million (a year-on-year +53.12 per cent), mainly due to an increase in advertising agency fees and promotional fees. Management costs amounted to $220 million (a year-on-year +35.81 per cent), mainly due to an increase in labour costs and real estate rents and a financial and service cost of $171 million (no significant change).
In terms of cash flows, cash flows from operating activities increased by $1.728 billion over the same period last year and were largely in line with the growth in operating income; cash outflows from operating activities increased by $2,128 million over the same period last year owing to the high expenditure on film and television projects; and, as a result, cash flows from corporate operations in the first half of the year.
The company insists on a user-centred membership system that combines “online viewing and underline participation” to increase the competitive power of its members' products across the board and to achieve a high rate of growth in the number of users paying for their services through strategies such as enhanced heterogeneity cooperation and peer-to-peer collaboration. During the reporting period, the platform reached 500 million, an increase of 59 per cent over 2017; the platform dau reached 35.57 million, an increase of 24 per cent over 2017.
The value of arpu is 0.36, which is almost the same as it was in 2017. In terms of products and technologies, companies optimize and innovate in advertising products, creating a unique form of information flow advertising based on the ai and user portraits, while using content as a medium for continuous innovation in brand integration, transforming the programme's impact into a brand selling power and becoming one of the preferred platforms for many advertisers. In the first half of 2018, the number of brands placed on the platform was 207.
The company, through restructuring, has been strengthening the innovation of content products and business models, based on a new, cloud-screened media platform called Mangotv, working with a wide range of content creators such as video dramas, programmes, music, online games, advertising, membership fees, telecommunications and cable television operations.
Multi-profit models such as the share of earnings from commercial value-added services, video and electric power providers, the integration of rich video and electricity industry chain resources, the ongoing commitment to provide users with diverse and distinctive video content services and first-class video productions, artist brokers, media retailing and games and the interactive marketing of ip content.
Since the company attributed the net profit before the merger of the same controlled enterprise to the net gain/loss of the current period, we adjusted the parent gain for 2018 accordingly. Moreover, the number of online video users of the company grew rapidly, and television drama revenues were recognized as good, so we raised the company from 2018 to 2020.
Statement of income and expenditure (millions of yuan)