Shandong gold (600547), non-ferrous metals, resources king, gold giants growing steadily, South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
Recommended logic: 1) Average gold prices in London increased 7.4 per cent in the first half of 2023, and the properties of financial attributes, monetary attributes and risk avoidance will drive the gold price hub to move upwards and corporate performance up. 2) Companies are held by the local State Treasury Board, state companies operate in a stable manner, development paths are clear, home-grown gold production is generally stable and costs are on the left side of the industry.
3) High resource advantage, increasing reserves through a combination of pooling of resources, proactive mergers, and infusion of resources, increasing production and doubling gold production to 80 tons by the target year 2025. • Gold prices are still in the upper cycle: US interest hikes are at an end, and sustained fall in inflation data raises the market for the better.
The Fed’s forecast for swing pigeons is that there is still room for long-term US-debt real returns and dollar indices to fall in the context of currency-cycle swaps. In the face of globalization, central banks have continued to build up gold, and the strategic allocation of gold has increased.
The company is the gold leader of the State Treasury of Shandong Province, and the company’s owner, secure, internal outreach, full-scale creation and clear path to development, except for the security checks that affected production in 2021.
The company’s own annual gold production is maintained at 40 tons, and in 2022 gold sales cost is $222.5/g, a decline of 20.7% from the previous year, on the left side of the industry.
With the consolidation of the resources, it is expected that annual production will increase from 10 to more than 18 tons; the construction of the overseas Katino mine will progress steadily, with an expected increase of 8 to 9 tons of gold in the near future; and the smooth conversion of silver and silver gold, which currently produces more than 7 tons of gold per year, with the Shandong gold group target in 2025.
The company actively explores for an increase in the reserves of gold. During the year, the Western Ridge gold mine discovered an additional 200 tons of resources, the Gansu Bridge gold mine expanded the development of gold resources in the south of the country, and the resource reserve increased the company’s potential for development.
There is scarcity, and valuations have always been the highest in the industry. In the range of p-ntm valuations for the last five years, one mountain east of gold: the old gold company, sustained performance repair of 1.1 industry chain integrity, clear path of development.
The Mainland and Hong Kong have been listed for 20 years and have acquired many mines, both within and outside the country. Shandong Gold Mining Co. Ltd., a listed company controlled by Shandong Gold Group Limited, was founded in January 2000 and traded on 28 August 2003 in the Shanghai Stock Exchange. In December 2008, the company acquired approximately 73.52 per cent of the company's first interest in the Chesseng gold mine.
Mines located outside Shandong Province have achieved the company ' s strategic layout of the gold mines in the Autonomous Region of Inner Mongolia; in October 2012, the Department acquired 80 per cent of the interests of the Fujian Xinjin gold mines and completed the strategic layout of the gold mines in Fujian Province; in 2017, the company acquired 50 per cent of the shares of the Baric gold mines in Belladro to achieve the overseas layout; and on 28 September 2018, the joint transaction was made in Hong Kong.
In 2022, the company ' s new city gold mine, which accumulated 100 tons of gold, became the fourth largest gold mine in Shandong and the sixth in the country, producing over 100 tons of gold. Gold is the main source of gold mining, with deep processing, processing, refining, and marketing of gold products as a whole.
The country’s gold industry is in the lead in terms of gold production, resource reserves, economic efficiency, scientific and technological performance, and human talent.
As of March 31, 2023, the company had a total equity of 4,473,495,000 shares. Of the three former shareholders, Shandong Gold Group Limited owned 37.9% of Shandong gold, while the Shandong People's Government's State Assets Supervisory Council owned only a limited Shandong Gold Group.
70% of the company’s shares, indirectly controlling Shandong gold, also give a background to Shandong’s gold state-owned enterprise. The second largest shareholder, Hong Kong Central Bank (Agent) Limited, owns 19.20% of the shares. The Shandong Gold Resources Development Company Ltd. holds 4.4% and Shandong’s Gold Colored Mining Group 2.6% of the shares, respectively, both fully owned by Shandong Gold Group.
The establishment of several sub-firms, most of which are involved in gold mining, smelting, processing, marketing, etc., has enabled Shandong gold to form a complete gold chain structure.
The company makes full use of the advantages of the industry in terms of gold resources, economic efficiency, technical talent, safety and environmental protection, taking full advantage of the leading role of large-scale gold companies, maintaining a green, innovative and productive development model, accelerating the transformation of new and old dynamic energy into major projects, and responding positively to the nation's “one-way” construction.
During the period of strategic opportunities for integration of gold resources, active participation in the integration of gold resources in Shandong Province has focused on building a world-class gold production base and accelerating the construction of a world-class mining enterprise that is highly competitive in terms of ownership, good corporate governance and high value-creating capabilities.
While steadily raising the level of management of offshore enterprises and gold production, emphasis is placed on the merger of high-quality resource projects within the country and further upgrading of domestic reserves of gold resources.
Environmental protection, and efforts to achieve new breakthroughs and upgrades in various areas. Based on domestic and international dual-cycle development patterns, domestic mining production has steadily increased, foreign mining efficiency has gradually emerged, driving companies’ efforts to move beyond upgrading to real upscaling.
It's done for a long time on the basis of doing well, building up the corporate sector in a comprehensive manner, building the industry's leading edge, building the industry's standard model in all its aspects, and achieving higher-quality, more efficient, fairer, more sustainable and safer development.
The creation of a new, high-quality development landscape with strong mastery and combined power, a radical shift in the development paradigm towards quality efficiency, the creation of a cadre of intelligent gold mines, the advantages of resource reserves and the level of technological development leading to good ecological development, competitiveness, competitiveness, and the development of technologies.
Innovativeness, influence, and resilience to risk have increased significantly, increasing the company ' s critical influence in the global gold domain. 1.2 Outsourcing gold camps have opened their eyes and home-grown gold has led the way.
After a steady upturn in gold prices since 2017, the company’s performance grew year by year, reaching an all-time high in 2020. Security checks and restructuring in Shandong and Henan provinces led to a 46.7 per cent decline in corporate business income and a 109.6 per cent decline in net return profits in 2022.
The resumption of production, the sale and price of self-financed, out-of-pocket, petty gold businesses have increased, performance has been repaired, and a year-round revenue of $50.31 billion has been realized, resulting in a net profit of $1.240 billion to the mother, but there is still a gap compared with 2020. In 2023, as gold prices have continued to rise, corporate revenues have increased by $13.10 billion a quarter and net profit to the mother is $440 million, and profitability has continued to recover.
The company’s main business product is out-of-pocket, self-produced and petty gold. Out-of-pocket gold is the company that uses the surplus processing capacity of its smelting company for processing and processing; investment in small gold bars, which are directed to the lower of the gold industry, is a vertical extension of the consumer market. Over the years, sales of out-of-pocket gold have generated revenues.
First, in 2022, out-of-pocket gold products achieved business income of $20.74 billion, or 41.2 per cent of total operating income; second in rank, 30.2 per cent of operating income from own-owned gold; third in revenue from petty gold, $3.58 billion, or 21.5 per cent.
The gross net rate has improved, and the cost rate has remained stable for the four main periods. After the mine safety accident in 2021, the self-generated gold was sold. Since then, the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate have improved as gold prices have moved up and some mines have gradually resumed production.
Profitability recovered to pre-2021 levels. The company’s four main periods of cost control, with the company’s operating cash flow declining, apart from the 2021 rate, followed by a steady recovery of cash flows as the mines gradually recovered. In 2022, the net assets of the company received 671.7 per cent, a significant increase from 2021, mainly from the company’s mines, which were gradually recommenced, plus the gold price.
With the shift in focus and the increased profitability of the company, 2 resources are the king, with increased reserves advancing simultaneously with 2.1 geographical location and resource endowments, and the Western Ridge gold mines inject a new impetus.
After more than 20 years of development, Shandong gold has become a large mining group in Shandong, Henan, Nemon, Fujian, Qinghai, Hainan, Gansu, Xinjiang 8 provinces (autonomous regions), as well as 16 gold mines in three countries: Argentina, Australia, Ghana.
Mining, mineral extraction, smelting and deep processing of gold products, a complete industrial chain for sale in an integrated manner, and supporting systems such as scientific and technological research and development, engineering design, equipment manufacturing, electricity supply and training of personnel.
The company's resources are excellent, and the gold reserves are very promising. The company's Jiaojia gold mine, Miyama gold mine, Shinjong gold mine, Ling Qing gold mine has been listed for years as the top ten gold-producing mines in China. The accumulated gold is over 100 tons.
Inner mines and two overseas mines, with gold reserves of 1431.4 tons and gold reserves of 565.2 tons. The cost of gold fell, leading the industry.
13.1 per cent. Shandong gold is second in rank compared to the production of key gold companies in the industry. The cost of selling home-grown gold is $222.5/g, a decrease of 20.7 per cent compared to 2021, benefiting from the company ' s geological advantages in mines and the scale effect, and the company ' s gold costs are on the left side of the industry.
The main gold resources of the company are located in Gudong, China’s largest gold-mining area, which has been discovered to contain more than 5,000 tons of gold, or nearly a third of the country’s total resources, the world’s third largest gold-mining concentration area, after Rand and Mulon in South Africa.
In the area where the tiles intersect with the Pacific plates, multi-rotation tectonic movements have led to multiple periods of magma, decomposition, and mineralization. After the medieval collision of the tiles with the tiles, the Pacific plates have also shifted downwards, leading to large-scale gold-rich mining.
At the end of 2022, the company had 13 domestic gold mining rights, with a total of 124.85 tons of funds: 34 territorial prospecting rights and a total of 659.55 tons of recorded resources.
Production capacity continues to expand, and the Western Ridge mines add new resource dynamics. The company has expanded its production of several mines, and the Kaji gold mines are now developing their resources.
It is worth $200 billion, making it the largest single gold deposit found in the country. When the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine is eligible for transfer, the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine will be injected into the eastern part of the country in accordance with the procedure.
2.2 Four mines are on the top ten of China's gold production list, and Belladro's first attempt abroad is 2.2.1 Jor gold mines: single-hull mines producing more than 10 tons of gold a year produce more than 10 tons of gold a year, assuming the company's primary role in gold production.
In the city of Lei, north-west of Gudong Peninsula, Shandong Province. Within a radius of about 60 square kilometres, there are more than 10 medium-sized model gold deposits, which make up the famous “Jojia gold fields”. In 2022, the gold production of the gold mine rose by 10 tons per year, to the top gold-producing mountain in the country. By the end of 2022, the gold resource of the gold mine was 350.5 tons, at 3.4 g/ton; the stock was 3.4 g/ton.
87.2 tons of grade 3.7 g/t; production amounted to 10.0 tons, an increase of 38.8 per cent from 2018. The regional integration project for Lei County has been gradually advanced and the selection has been significantly scaled up. To achieve the mining scale, intensification, recycling and exhibition, the company has consolidated the regional resources of Lei County.
(b) Nine mining rights in the Casinos, Ma Ponds, Ma Pond II, East Seasons, Gold City, Chu Guo Li, Li Jia Kim, and the late Zhao gold mines, as well as a detailed survey of the depths and the south of the peripheral gold mines in the Jia mining area, deep and peripheral gold exploration in the Ma Po II mining area, gold exploration in the late Zhao Norte mining area, gold exploration in the South Lu-Hingi area, gold exploration in the former Chen-Shangjiang mining area, and five prospecting rights in the North sector in the former Chen-Shangjiang mining area.
With a construction period of six years, once integrated, companies will not only reduce the cost of construction, but also achieve control over the cost of mining development, while at the same time leading to an overall increase in the level of management of the various mine support facilities and the overall rationalization of the integrated resources of the Jorjia gold belt.
The gold mine is the first undersea gold mine, an eco-smart model. It is located on the coast of Laizhou, the world's first undersea gold mine, the only undersea gold mine in the country.
As far as the Viet Nam is concerned, prospecting has vast additional storage space, with the largest and largest reserves in single-body mines in the country. The Trisan Island gold mine is the most heavily institutionalized underground gold mine in the country, with gold from Shandong being piloted by the Trisan Island gold mine, creating an “in essence safe, intelligent, green ecology, community harmony, and efficiency lead” of the “international model mine”, which pioneered the “intellectual wisdom” of the mining enterprise.
A new model for the construction and operation of the “Eco-mines” in mines. In 2021, the first-class international gold demonstration mine project was successfully reviewed and evaluated: in 2022, the company developed a programme for the implementation of quality-enhancing projects, optimized the appraisal system, revised and added a management system, strengthened the state-of-the-art management of enterprises, and the three mountain gold mines were successfully incorporated into the State-owned enterprises in Shandong Province.
By the end of 2022, the stock of the three mountain islands ' gold was 146.6 tons, with a reserve of 50.6 tons and a grade of 2.7 g/t in 2022, yielding 5.5 tons, an increase of 104.5 per cent over the previous year.
The exploration of gold in the 55-91 line of the new mine area, the exploration of three prospecting rights in the new village gold mine, which combines three mountain islands with a construction cycle of $1 billion over a seven-year period and is expected to result in 15,000 tons/day of extraction capacity; the construction of the sub-wells in the three islands of the Asian first deep wells, which were 1915 metres in 2022, was officially under way and had accumulated 758 metres by the end of 2022.
2.2.3 New Town gold mines: Old-school mines are stable, stable and easy-to-be. New-city gold mines were built in 1975 as old-fashioned mines of the Shandong Gold Group. The mine is a large-scale, second-tier gold mine with a combined mining, mining and smelting capacity.
The new town gold fields are jointly opened by the main wells + blind wells + slopes, producing 413,000 tonnes/year, ore selection 3000 tonnes/day; the original ore production in the red cloth is 60,000 tonnes/year, ore selection 700 tonnes/day. In 2021, the company proposed a plan to integrate the deep and peripheral parts of the new city gold mining rights.
Exploration, exploration for gold in the Quaker area, mining rights in the red-bureau area, exploration for the deep and peripheral gold deposits, etc., are integrated. 2022 Upon the completion of the integration of the new city gold mine in 2022, 6,000 tons per day were selected for the first phase of the project, with an average annual production of 5.5 tons; 8,000 tons per day were selected for the second phase of the project, up to an average of 7.8 tons per year after delivery.
The gold mine is located in Lo Shandong, located in the middle of the mountain and at the border with the dragons, and is rich in gold and has been mined for a long time.
At the end of the year, after the resumption of the ecological protection red line programme, the Linglong mine area of the Linglong gold mine was licensed to continue in December 2022, but it is still in the process of obtaining a safe production permit and has not resumed production; at the end of the year, after the resumption of mining in the East Wind region in December 2022, the amount of Linglong gold resource was 157.6 tons, with a reserve of 15.0 tons, with a grade of 2.3 g/t and a yield of 1.1 tons in 2022.
2.2.5 Belladro gold mines: the first test of overseas deployment, the largest gold mine in Argentina, developed jointly with Barick.
Ladro gold mine, the largest gold mine in Argentina, located in Iglesia County, San Juan Province, in the eastern part of the Andes. The Belladro gold mine includes two mining rights groups, the Belladero Mining Group and the Ferronut Mining Rights Group, covering an area of 1,927 hectares and 2515.7 hectares, respectively, as of the end of 2022.
The Beiradro gold resource is 188.2 tons, with 119.8 tons of reserves and a grade of 0.7 g/t in 2022, representing an increase of 12.4 per cent compared to 2021. The Beiradro gold mine was operational in 2005 and has been in operation for 17 years to date, owing to the increase in the number of years of operation of the mine and the increase in the number of years of operation of the mine.
Deep mining in the mining areas led to a decline in reserves and grade levels in the Belladro gold mines. In 2022, the total maintenance cost of production was guided by inflation and energy tons at $1550-1630 per ounce. Intra- and out-of-life, the gold was increased on a full scale. The company was steadily moving forward with increased prospecting and the acquisition of high-quality resources to integrate provincial, national, and local governments.
Since it was listed, the company has been actively engaged in resource mergers and acquisitions, in addition to building up the capacity of existing mines, and has acquired a number of high-quality gold sources in Shandong Province and out of the province, as well as offshore gold mines such as Temek Resources and Katino Resources Ghana; and, at the same time, shareholders in the company hold in Shandong.
The Gold Group is committed to channelling qualified and high-quality gold resources into Shandong gold, corporate resource reserves and growing capacity for gold production. 2.3.1 Actively integrate domestic resources, silver and Thai gold to boost new growth, actively integrate provincial resources and further increase competitive advantage.
During the opportunity period, active participation in the integration of gold resources in Shandong Province, optimizing the industrial layout, and laying a solid resource base for the construction of a world-class gold production base in Gudong Region. In February 2021, the company’s controlling subsidiary, Lé State, acquired 100% of the shares in Lé State.
In September 2021, the company-owned company, Lé State, acquired 100% of Tianjong Shan, 100% of the Ludi gold mine, 100% of the cash from Shandong mine and 45% of the Liang mine from Liao County.
In 2022, the company consolidated the mine rights into the gold mine and the gold mine, of which the gold mine completed the consolidation of 14 rights, with an estimated production size of 6.6 million tonnes/year; and the gold mine completed the consolidation of 7 rights, with an estimated production size of 2.64 million tonnes/year.
The company is operating in several large and medium-sized mines, both within and outside the country, such as the New City gold mine, the Kaji gold mine, the Linglong gold mine, the Sansan Island gold mine, and the Shunnan gold mine. With the concept of “source priority” gold, Shandong gold continues to build its core competitive advantage, increasing its exploration efforts and increasing its external reserves.
In addition to ownership of mining rights in Shandong, the company has acquired mining rights in Inner Mongolia, Henan, Xinjiang, Gansu, etc., which has led to a significant increase in the company’s gold reserves. The Red Peaks gold mine is the first gold mine acquired by the company outside the province.
On 24 May 2023, Gansu co-financed the setting up of Gansu Goldstone Mining Co. Ltd., which acquired mining rights in Grand Bridge gold mining. The Grand Bridge gold mine is located in the west and the east of the county bridge in Kannan city, Gansu province. The area is part of the Western Qin Qin mountain belt, where the amount of mineral ore remains 968,000 tons, the amount of gold metal is 3181 kg, and the average grade of gold gold mining rights is 3.3 g/t.
Silver-Thai gold is injected into the company’s reserves. On 19 January 2023, the company signed a contract with the Chinese army of Silver-Thai and Shen.
Once the deal is completed, the company will become the controlling shareholder of silver and gold, the real owner of silver and silver and gold will be changed to the State Property Supervisory Board of the Shandong People’s Government. The silver and gold is owned by five mines, namely, the Yulong Mines, the Black River and the Shiktai, the Jilin Temple, the Qinghai and the Huasin gold mines, and will be removed.
Outside the dragon mines, the remaining four are gold mines. By the end of 2022, the combined amount of silver and Thai gold (including surface deposits) was 1,145.2 million tons of stones, 173.9 tons of gold and metals, and the resource endowments were adequate.
Ghana’s gold mine, which has expanded beyond its borders. The company is committed to a “go-out” strategy that is more inclusive, actively engaged in global resource allocation, and successfully acquired Catino Resources Ltd., which further expands the global resource base. In June 2020, the company issued an announcement that Shandong Gold Limited, a fully-owned subsidiary, was planning to access the resources of Katino.
In March 2021, the acquisition was completed. The three gold and gold projects owned by Katino are the Namdini Development Project, the Bolgatanga Exploration Project and the Subranum Exploration Project, all of which are located in large-scale mining belts.
Catino's core asset is the namdini gold mine in Ghana, north-east of West Africa, with 90% interest. Namdini is an open-air mining project located on the green rock belt in Nangodi, rich in mineral resources and 15 years (expiring in 2035, renewable for up to 30 years).
Acquisition announcement of approximately 203.1 tons of gold from the Namdini project and approximately 157.2 tons of gold reserves. As of the end of 2022, the Namutini gold mining project of Ghana's Katino Resources Company had completed the first phase of the contract for the selection of the plant percm and part of the long-cycle equipment order, and work was under way on the preparation of the previous plan, the bidding documents for the mining works were issued, and the mines were supported.
Annually disclosed researchable reports that total average production maintenance costs are projected at $585 per ounce for the first three years and $895 per ounce for the production period, while total global gold production maintenance costs currently amount to $1,255 per ounce, at 3 gold prices are still in the upper cycle
The Fed’s interest-rate-raising cycle is at the end, and the interest-reduction cycle will be a new driver of gold prices. The Fed will start in March 2022 with an interest-raising event in July, which will be the last, with the Fed’s earliest reduction forecast for April 2024.
The main indicators affecting the financial and monetary attributes of gold are related to the overall negative value of gold. After the start of the interest-raising cycle in 2022, real interest rate hikes led to a fall in gold prices, a slowdown in real interest rate hikes after November 2022, a suspension of real interest rates, and a downward shift in the dollar index center, leading to a sustained rise in gold prices.
After a high degree of convergence between the start of the period or the expectations for interest rates and the dollar, we believe that the US interest rate and the US dollar will continue to go down, with the central bank increasing its gold reserves and increasing its strategic configuration of gold. Since 2022, local conflicts have erupted, geopolitical winds have highlighted the value attributes of gold as a haven, and the strategic configuration of gold in the medium- and long-term has increased.
Countries like China, Russia, Turkey, and India contributed the bulk of their purchases. According to tons, the increase reached 7.4%, and after the start of the interest-raising cycle in 2022, the stdr gold-setf stunk to almost three years low, but stubble began to increase slowly after the slowdown in interest rates in November of the same year, and the need for gold investment began to recover.
Assumption 1: based on the company ' s production guidelines and expansion plan, we assume that the company ' s own gold production for 2023-2025 will be 40, 42, 50 tons, with an average gold price of $435, 450, 450/g, and that the cost of gold sales will be maintained at $230/g per annum at 53 tons/year of gold sales, 30 tons/year of petty gold sales, prices consistent with changes in gold prices, and out-of-money operations
Each year, the Māori rate is 0.5%, and each year the Māori rate for the small gold business is 0.2%.
In the last five years, the value of the company has been between 35 and 65 times higher than the industry average, and when the value of the gold is in the upper cycle, companies tend to show double-click effects that go up in tandem with the valuation. Table 9: Comparable corporate valuation (as at 21 July 2023)
Figure 38: The risk of a significant fall in gold prices for the historical gold valuation of Shandong, the increase in production in forward mines below the expected risk, the acquisition of silver and Thai gold below the expected risk, and the absence of, the absence of, and the absence of any direct or indirect compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.