Metals, gold taps, and the focus on the main gold industry have grown dramatically. The company is pure gold, 1 h2023 gold.
The operational rate was 97.69 per cent and the Māori rate 94.5 per cent. The impact of the accident on the safe production of gold from two local enterprises in Shandong Province gradually faded, and the market value (RMB): $26.03
The company, starting with Shandong Province, has been able to build up its production capacity, starting with the overstocking of internal prospecting and external M & As resource maps, which form the "Nin-Sandong Province"
The deployment of resources for co-development in the provinces - overseas, with the retention of tons of gold and 497.48 tons at the end of 2022, and increased deposits of prospecting continued.
No, the gold-related assets of the group will be put on the list before November 10, 2025.
Ten tons: the expansion of the three mountain islands gold mine and the Linglong gold mine will lead to an increase in storage capacity in the future. As the construction project progresses, the company’s own gold sales will grow year by year, holding silver and gold, and resources and production will rise again.
In recent years, the silver-thai gold industry has gradually turned into a gold business, at a flat price of 1 h2023, with a revenue of $4,572 million, or +14.48 per cent, and a net return of $735 million to the mother.
The US Federal Reserve’s interest rate increases at the end of the period, and the real interest rate will probably rise. Gold supply is stable.
Central bank purchases have contributed to the main real demand for gold in recent years. The current Fed interest-raising cycle is nearing the end, with interest-reduction expectations that real interest rates will gradually revert to the release phase, pushing the gold price up, assuming that the corresponding gains from the acquisition of silver and Thai gold are reflected in the return on investment.
Risk of gold price volatility; project construction less than expected; safe environment management risks; sweep to more services; sweep to more services
Gold from Shandong - 1.1 Industries are well organized and resource-rich.
The company was established in 2000 and co-financed by the Shandong Gold Group and four other sponsors. The company was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2003 and on the Hong Kong United Exchange Board in 2018.
In January 2008, the company acquired exploration and mining rights in the areas of the Linglong Gold Mine, the Sansan Island Gold Mine, the Pingnan Gold Mine and the Qingjia Gold Mine.
Since then, the company has been acquiring gold mines in the provinces of Inner Mongolia, Gansu, Fujian, Xinjiang. On the basis of the gradual improvement of the domestic gold market, the company has been buying gold from abroad, and the wholly-owned subsidiaries of Hong Kong, Shandong, in 2017 and 2021, respectively.
The distribution of resources has been extended overseas with 50 per cent of the Belladro gold mine and 100 per cent of the Catino company. Chart 1: Corporate development history. Corporate equity structure is stable. As of the second half of 2023, the controlling shareholder, Shandong Gold Group, owned the company directly and indirectly.
45.51 per cent of the shares and the actual control of the company over the State Finance Committee of Shandong Province.Santung Gold Group has great potential, with 34 gold mines belonging to China as of 31 December 2022, with a total of about 659,55 tons of gold: 13 gold mining rights located in China have been identified for gold.
According to the further implementation of the commitments of the Shandong Gold Group to compete with their counterparts, the stock of business assets in the territory owned by Shandong Gold Group Limited and its controlled companies that have the same or a similar business as the owner of the listed company, with the conditions for injection into the listed company, will be injected into the listed company and become a rich resource reserve for the company.
By the end of 2022, the company had 16 gold mines, both at sea and abroad, and two smelters, Shandong gold smelting and Shenzhen precious metals, operating as smelting plants in the interior of the country, to achieve a comprehensive distribution of gold resources, selection, smelting and marketing. In July 2023, the company completed a 20.93 per cent share acquisition of silver and Thai gold, in addition to increasing the company ' s share in the secondary market by 6.02 million silver and gold.
Shareholdings, with a combined share of 23.099 per cent of silver and Thai gold, held as shareholders in silver and silver gold. Chart 2: Corporate stock structure chart (biannual report up to 2023) 2021 affected by two local gold production accidents in Shandong Province, an underground non-coal mine in Shandong Province.
As a result of the security checks requested by the government, the company’s key production performance indicators have fallen significantly, with operating income rising steadily in 2021, along with the start-up of gold production, and a significant increase in profitability. In 2022, the production of own-account capital has been close to the normal levels of previous years, generating an increase of between 48.24 and 5030.6 million yuan in business income, resulting in a net gain of 1,246 million yuan to the mother.
During the same period, the net profit from corporate sales and management costs decreased by 58.26 per cent compared to the same rate, the fair value change gains reversed by the same year, and the increase in the value of the compounded gold increased by $880 million, or 58.26 per cent, during the same period.
Gold processing, petty gold processing and other metal production and sale, with a higher share of gold-related operations. In 2021, as a result of security checks in Shandong Province, corporate gold production fell, gold operations recovered and the Māori share fell, and the total share of alloys, home-grown and petty gold operations recovered in the first half of 2023 as the company resumed production.
The company produces mineral gold after selection, smelting, and refining from its own mines, and from resource autonomy, production has a scale effect, and the Māori rate is much higher than the expo alloys and gold bars. As a result of security checks in 2021, the decline in the production of self-produced gold led to a reduction in scale effects, higher unit costs, and lower self-producing Maori.
Slipped. As the above influences faded, the Māori rate of the company ' s own income has been on the rise since 2022, and since the first half of 2023, since comparing the Māori rate of the company with that of other companies in the same industry, there has been some drag on the Māori rate due to the size of the company ' s over-sourcing gold smelting and the thinness of its petty gold business, but the overall Māori rate of the company has been growing steadily.
1.3 The 14th Five-Year Strategic Plan is clear and clear. The 14th Five-Year Strategic Plan of the Shandong Gold Group states that the total profits of the group are planned to reach $8 billion to $10 billion by 2025.
Mineral gold production reached 80 tons, resource reserves reached more than 3,300 tons, asset size and market value of listed companies exceeded 200 billion yuan for “remaking a Shandong gold”: the vision is to produce 155 tons of mineral gold by the end of 2035, with a total profit of 20 billion yuan, leading to a significant increase in the global layout of resources, brand visibility and reputation, corporate management, scientific and technological research
Figure 9: Shandong Gold Group “145” core indicator II. Federal Reserve interest-end period, with the highest relative return on pre-real interest-reduction gold shares
The commodity + financial attributes determine the variety of gold stocks. Gold is a gold extraction that uses a long-standing precious metal and has two important attributes, namely, commodities and finance.
As the economy evolves, the financial attributes of gold have a far greater impact on prices and demand than the commodity properties. Because of the stable chemical properties of gold, once extracted, they remain in some form. As of the end of 2022,
The highest proportion of gold in the form of gold on the ground was at the end of 2022, about 955,000 tons, or 46 per cent. Next to gold, private investment, including gold bars and gold coins and gold etfs, together accounted for 22 per cent, with gold bars and gold coins containing about 430,000 tons, or 20 per cent, and gold in kind supported by gold, about 0.35 million.
In addition, central banks hold about 17 per cent of the total amount of gold, totalling about 357,000 tons. The rest of the stock of gold is used for various industrial purposes or held by other financial institutions, accounting for about 15 per cent of the total. 2.2 Supply distribution is evenly stable, and the share of investment demand has increased significantly.
The supply of gold consists mainly of mineral gold, the producer ' s net hedge and the recovery of gold, which is the main source of gold, accounting for about 76% of the total supply of gold. World Gold Association data show that the global supply of gold is stable, remaining around 4,800 tons in 2016-2022. Global gold production is on the rise each year, according to the World Gold Association.
According to statistics, the volume of gold and minerals increased from 2270 tons in 1992 to 36,649 tons in 2022, accounting for a year-long supply of gold, which shows a gradual trend towards even distribution among regions in terms of the geographical distribution of the supply of mineral gold. In the early 1990s, the global supply of gold was mainly in Africa and North America; then, there was a rapid rise in the volume of gold and minerals in Asia, south of the country.
At present, global gold supply has become widely evenly distributed, ensuring a more stable primary supply of gold and reducing the risk of supply shocks. Global gold demand has remained stable before the epidemic, with around 4,300 tons of demand throughout the year.
In the post-epidemiological period, in addition to the recovery in demand for gold, the value-added function of gold as an investment became increasingly important, and central banks began to scale up their purchases, pushing for a rapid increase in the demand for gold, which recovered in 2022.
The demand structure for gold has changed significantly since 2000, with the proportion of gold made and used for technology falling rapidly, and the impact of commodity attributes on total gold demand has diminished. In contrast, gold is used as an investment in gold bars, gold coins, etc.
Europe is currently one of the largest regional gold investment markets in the world. Europe has experienced two surges in demand for gold and gold over the years, the first of which was the 2008 global financial crisis.
The sovereign debt crisis then engulfed Europe, where investors could use gold assets to protect their wealth, and the 2008 European gold bar and gold dollar demand increased significantly: the second, after the 2020 outbreak, saw once again a significant increase in European gold investment, contributing to the major increase in global demand for gold bars and gold coins in the aftermath of the epidemic.
By the early 1990’s, until 2010, the global central bank had hoped to reduce large amounts of gold reserves after the collapse of the gold standard and the Bretton Woods system. The global financial crisis, however, served as a catalyst for the central bank’s shift in its mindset towards gold reserves, starting in 2010 with the global central bank becoming a net purchaser of gold, from 2010 to 2022.
The pace of central bank purchases increased further in the aftermath of the epidemic, reaching 1078.5 tons in 2022 alone. By the end of 2022, the world’s official gold reserves had reached 35.7 million tons, accounting for 2.3% of the Fed’s stock of gold at the end of the interest-added cycle, with real interest rates or higher prices.
According to our January 2023 report, The Golden Cow will kick in, and the silver will go along, the Fed’s current cycle of interest-added cycles will start with inflation rising globally, and the US-debt yield curve will gradually shift from a positive to a upside-down structure. The fallback began in July 2022, and if based on the inverse duration of the previous rounds, it will last for the longest or the longest time until the third quarter of 2023.
Short-end pce inflation data in the United States have risen significantly since 2020, and medium- and long-end inflation is expected to rise accordingly against the backdrop of the continued rise in global prices of major raw materials. Since 2023, inflation data for major global economies have fallen significantly, and 2023.
Now in reverse structure, inflation is expected to operate at the center of the overall downward trend. Figure 21: United States inflation expected duration structure (in %) Figure 22: United States pce inflation forecast (in %)
The increase is expected, but the rise in unemployment and the downward revision of the front value show a reduction in the labor-market heat and inflation stickyness in the United States, and the market is expected to raise the Fed’s interest rate off again. As of 11 September 2023, cme “Federal Reserve Watch” figures have been recalculated for historical gold prices and real interest rates, showing a significant negative correlation.
The dollar credit system is highly relevant, and if the gold is more like a negative bond, taking into account the interest rate of the gold lease, and if the real interest rate of the United States debt for different periods of time falls in the middle of the trend, some investors find that the opportunity cost of holding gold is lower, choosing to hold gold leads to an increase in gold prices.
Implementation, which is expected to lead to a gradual reversal of the nominal interest-rate curve of the United States debt during the release phase, will lead to a further expansion of the real interest rate spreads and an overall downward shift in interest rates over different periods, which will facilitate further increases in gold prices.
According to our April 2023 report, " The highest relative yield of the pre-real interest reduction gold stock " , the Fed ' s real interest reduction was the most visible period of time for the relative return on the assets of the gold interest, the gold and gold stock are now more time-consuming, and the Fed ' s estimated rate of interest reduction is the most visible stage of the increase in the gold and gold stock, which can be laid ahead of time.
(1) The maximum time period during which gold stocks are allocated is the period between the stoppage of interest increases and the start of the start of the start of the start of the start of interest increases. The best time period for gold stocks is the beginning of the start of the start of the start of the start of the start of the first or second reduction of interest of the Fed, in which the relative return on gold stocks is more pronounced.
(2) The second or third interest rate reduction to the expected marginal liquidity tightening period is the second best time for the allocation of gold stocks. The second or third interest reduction point of the Fed’s interest-reduction cycle begins until the expected tightening of the Fed’s liquidity margin, during which the relative increase in gold prices will be greater than in the previous period.
But relative returns are significantly lower than in the previous period, and are more difficult to capture than they are and require considerable inter-segment fluctuations. Moreover, the demand for stock selection has increased significantly during this period, and if the basics of the choice are generally not, there may be no relative returns, and significant excess gains can be achieved only if the output increases significantly faster than expected in the coming years.
(3) Mobility relaxes when it is easier to handle, and when it tightens, multiple data are required to verify. During the last two rounds of optimal configuration, the Federal Reserve released liquidity at a time when it had a high correlation with major global risk events, and there were related signals before the actual easing.
Exchanges of monetary policy instruments are related, and the tightness of liquidity can only be judged later. (4) The volume and price of liquidity are equally important, and the combination of interest-reduction plus scale monetary policy is more friendly for gold prices and gold stocks. (5) Trading in gold rights has reached the right-hand point, where the relative gains before interest-reduction are most readily available.
A 25bp interest increase is expected in July, but since November 2022, when the Fed reduced its interest increase, gold prices and gold stocks have entered the opportunity to trade on the right, and whether or not the July hike does not affect that judgment. For the Federal Reserve, whether and when interest rates fall during the year, it is the end of the most easy period for gold stocks to reap.
From a historical review, once the Fed has actually reduced its interest rate for the first or second time, it means that the relative returns on gold stocks have become more difficult to obtain since then, and that there is a need to find high growth indicators that have been underestimated in the market.
According to the Ministry of Natural Resources, our gold reserves in 2022 amounted to 317.46 tons, with the top 10 provinces: Shandong, Gansu, Yunnan, Jiangxi, Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia, Henan, Heilongjiang, Tibet and Guizhou, with much more than 967.93 tons of gold in Shandong Province.
According to the Chinese Gold Yearbook 2022, the national production of mineral gold in 2021 was 258.09 tons, of which Shandong, Henan, Nemonggu, Gansu, Yunnan and Xinjiang are producing gold, totalling 95.47 tons, representing 37 per cent of the national production.
The strategic layout of corporate resources is in line with the distribution of our gold resources and helps to take full advantage of the advantages of the resources and achieves economies of scale: the establishment of a gold base in the Togudong gold-mining zone, based on the geographical advantages of gold-rich areas in the Togudong gold-mining zone; and the construction of a gold-resource bridgehead for the Gansu region, with the aim of building a gold base in the Gansu region, using the Western and Central Bo and bridge-based gold mines.
3.1 The deployment of gold resources, both within and outside the country, and the continued advancement of the increased reserves of prospecting Since its inception, the company has developed a resource layout for the collaborative development of “Ni-Ni-Ni-Sandong Province-Oversea” with yellow as of the end of 2022, starting from within Shandong Province, through increased storage and external M & As.
Total gold resources are 143.4 tons, gold reserves 565.18 tons, equity resources 1318.56 tons, and equity reserves 1318.56 tons, respectively.
The company has continued to build on existing mining resources to increase its reserves of prospecting. All three mines, the Red Peaks, the Returnes, and the Source Gold, are engaged in prospecting to find a mine, laying the foundation for a stronger company’s resource base.
Figure 28: The company currently has three prospecting projects, 3.2 on the back of the Shandong Gold Group, which has great resource potential.
In addition to the discovery of 659.55 tons of gold and 124.85 tons of gold metal in mining rights and 12 rights of prospecting that have not yet been identified, the amount of resources has not been identified as a result of the exploration rights of Qinghai Mountain Mining Co. Ltd., Hainan Mountain Gold Mining Co. Ltd., Shandong Gold Gene Group Co. Ltd., Chenzhou County Hill
In cases where there are resource reserves in companies such as Gold Mining Ltd., Kyushu Mining Co. Ltd. and Shandong Gold Mining Co. Ltd., which have not yet been identified, the prospects for profit are unclear or the principal asset certificates are yet to be regulated, the Shandong Gold Group Ltd. and Shandong Gold Color Mining Group Ltd. were unable to complete the disposal of the said business as scheduled.
A Board of Directors and Supervisory Board was convened on 10 October to consider the adoption of the Bill on the Further Implementation of Peer Competition-Related Commitments by the Shandong Gold Group Limited, the Shandong Gold Group and the Shandong Gold Color Mining Group, which committed assets related to the gold business mentioned above to be injected into Shandong Yellow on a priority basis by 10 November 2025
Gold, which is a fully-owned subsidiary of the Shandong Gold Group, has continued to explore the scope of the right to prospecting, including by obtaining the prior consent of Shandong gold to be sold to unrelated third parties if the above-mentioned conditions relating to the injection of gold into Shandong are not met or if Shandong gold is unwilling to acquire gold.
Work. In May 2023, the Sandong Province Natural Resources Agency conducted an expert review of the mineral resource reserves organized by the Western Ridge Gold Exploration Project. It was initially determined that the amount of additional gold metals within the Western Ridge prospecting rights was approximately 200 tons, and that the cumulative amount of gold metal was about 580 tons, the largest single gold deposits detected in the country to date, which was a world-class single gold mine, for the further consolidation of the Eastern Province.
The size of the country’s largest gold production base is significant. The increase in the volume of resources within the West Ridge gold mining rights has led to an increase in the amount of gold and metals identified under the North East gold group’s prospecting rights to 856.97 tons.
The contesting commitment that, when the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge Goldmines is eligible for transfer, the Shandong Gold Group will, in accordance with the commitment, urge Shandong Gold Surveys to inject the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge Goldmines into the company in accordance with the procedure, will further strengthen the company's resources and provide a resource guarantee for the growth of the company's gold production.
In August 2023, the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, the Punlai Mining Company, proposed to cash the assets and liabilities associated with the mining area of the Kono Mine in the Punyi district of the City of Poiyo, including the limited mining rights of the company Yungshan Mine Group, the prospecting rights of the gold mine in the Magnetic Mine in the Punglai district of the province of Shandong, the province of Shandong Pongtai, and the city of Pingtai in the province of Shandong.
Three mining rights and related assets, liabilities, and people are examined in the depth of the gold mines in Lei. The mining rights are located in the gold-rich area of Punyi, Shandong Province, close to and adjacent to the existing mining rights in Pun Lei, which will allow for geographical concentration and integration of mining rights.
Overall synergies to achieve intensive mining and reduce the cost of mining using existing mineral extraction capacity, and to increase corporate profitability.
In order to expand the new gold resource development base and promote high-quality development of mineral resources, in January 2023, the company proposed to co-finance a joint venture with Gansu Asset Management Ltd. as the main source of the integration and development of Gansu's high-quality gold mineral resources in the billions of yuan, or 40 per cent of the registered capital.
In May 2023, the company, along with the aforementioned holding subsidiary, Kim Soon Mine, participated in a competition for mining rights in fish caves in the western part of Gansu province and in the county town of Grand Bridge, the village gold mine, which culminated in the company holding a holding subsidiary, Kim Soon Mine, running for 86,569,000 yuan in gold from the bridge gold mine, which is located in the western and county bridge areas of Kannan city, Gansu province, and is located in the eastern part of the western Qin Qin mountain belt in the region.
Viet Nam. Total ore reserves and low-grade mineral body resources on the base date of the estimated reserves (30 November 2010). Regular production in July of 29.132 million tons of industrial minerals, including 9.85 tons of gold and 21.30 tons of silver with no low-grade deposits, ceased production in August 2020 due to a landslide in the tailings deposit.
The gold mine, with 42.40 tons of gold and 116.33 tons of silver and silver accompanying it, is located near the company ' s western and central gold mines, and the successful acquisition of the mining rights has facilitated the company ' s building of a new base for the development of the gold resources in Sannan, the strengthening of the resource reserve and the further strengthening of the company ' s overall strength and influence.
Figure 30: It is estimated that the bridge gold mine currently holds 42.4 tons of gold, while the priority gold mine is under construction, the growth in production is expected to lead to a gradual recovery of 4.1 mineral gold production, which is among the top gold companies in the country.
The company’s main gold products are home-grown gold, out-of-pocket gold and gold bars.
With high-quality gold mine resources, the company produces about 38 tons of gold per year in its normal state of production. In 2021, as a result of safety checks on mines in Shandong Province, the company ' s operations in mines in Shandong Province were significantly hit, while regional mine production also led to a shortage of raw materials for alloys, so in 2021, the company ' s own and out-of-pocket gold production fell and produced itself.
Gold production fell by 36.06 per cent to 24.78 tons, and out-of-pocket gold production fell by 74.24 per cent to 30.99 tons. And small gold was priced. With the resumption of work on mines in Shandong Province and the resumption of supply of raw materials from regional mines, the company ' s own and out-of-pocket gold production grew resiliently in 2022, increasing production from 56.06 per cent to 38.67 tons, among the country ' s leading gold companies.
The second-largest mining, followed only by the purple gold mine, out-of-pocket gold production grew by 71.18 per cent to 53.05 tons. In 2022, 50.12 per cent of mineral gold production was from large gold companies (groups), of which 32.62 tons, or 13.98 per cent of the country ' s mineral gold, continued to be a leader in the domestic gold industry.
Figure 32: The company ' s gold production in 2022 ranked second among the leading companies in the country in 4.2. Planning for expansion of production capacity under the Mining Development and Expansion Project.
(a) A range of mining construction projects, such as the Production Resources Development (Extension) Project, the East Wind Mine Expansion Project for the Linglong Gold Mine, and the New Town Gold Selection and Expansion Project. (1) The Jia gold mine
As part of its programme to integrate gold and mineral resources at all levels of government in Shandong Province and Smoking City, the company invested $8,273 million in full funding for the implementation of the company ' s priority gold-producing mine, which retained 350.52 tons of gold resources by the end of 2022 and achieved 10.04 tons of annual gold as the country ' s first single-hull mining enterprise producing more than 10 tons of gold annually.
The subsidiary, Lé State, is responsible for the integration of resources and the integrated development of 14 mining rights, such as the Jiao family gold mine. The integration covers an area of 18.507 square kilometres, with a high mining depth from +150 m ~ 1,880 m, and covers gold mines such as Cari, Hoshiyama, East Season, Pond, 12,611.45 million tons of resources and 442.24 tons of gold metals.
As of June 2023, the company had obtained 14 mining licences for integrated mining rights, including the Jock gold mine, and the remaining 13 integrated mining rights-related assets, with the exception of the gold mine, had been attributed to the company in Lei County.
Lease agreement with Rudi on mining rights in gold mines in gold city. 6 years of construction of a gold resource development project in the Jia Mine (integrated) area, based on a feasibility analysis of the project, the post-natal capacity is expected to reach 20,000 tons/day, 6.6 million tons/year, with an average grade of 3.04 g/ton.
The mining capacity of the mine area, the company's proposed construction of a new Chu Guo Li mine, combined with an existing Kao gold mining plant capacity of 8,000 tons/day, ensures that the production lines of the two mining plants listed above together amount to 20,000 tons/day after the birth of the mine, and that an average of 2906 million tons of gold concentrate are produced annually, containing 18.85 tons of gold, which represents a significant increase in gold production before integration.
The Department has prepared funding for an additional project to raise funds for resource development in the Jia Mine, which in 2022, after obtaining a mining licence for resource consolidation, produced 10.04 tons of gold throughout the year, an increase of about 2.5 tons compared to the average production during the normal production period of previous years.
(ii) Three mountain islands gold mines, one of the largest underground gold mines in Asia, which, through a digital transition, drive innovative development, have gradually developed smart mining structures that integrate technology such as 5g, network of goods, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, and produce gold in 2022
In 2020, the company planned a project for the exploitation of the mineral resources of the Trisan Island gold mine (exploitation of the boundary), which is planned to expand its gold extraction capacity from 8,000 tons/day to 15,000 tons/day through seven years of construction. In 2022, work began on the construction of the Trisan Island sub-weller, which reached a depth of 1915 metres, Asia's first deep well, and as of the year and a half of 2023, it reported that the borehole had been drilled cumulatively.
Completion of 1035 metres and completion of 54% of the depth of the borehole design (1915 m). The right to prospecting for the Western Ridge gold mine owned by the Shandong Gold Group is adjacent to the Santao Island gold mine, which, according to the results of the exploration, holds 580 tons of gold resources.
The gold mine is one of the company’s main mining sites in the Far-Lay region of Shandong, and in 2017 it became the country’s first single gold mine to break 100 tons of gold.
Following the resumption of the new round of ecological protection red line programmes in Shandong Province, the Linglong gold mine was granted the "first" extension of mining licences in the province, the eastern wind mine resumed production in January 2023 with a renewed mining licence and a safe production permit in December 2022: the Linglong mine area obtained a renewed mining licence in December 2022 and the optimized production system was completed in May 2023
The project’s security facility design review, which was approved in June, is currently being re-engineered, and has not yet been resumed. The company plans to invest $1,227 million in the expansion of the Liming Gold Mine East Wind Mining Project, which is now halfway through the construction process, which will enhance gold production and resource efficiency in the Linglingue Gold Mine.
(4) The New City gold mines, as pioneers in the construction of green mines, are committed to the path of green, environmentally sound and sustainable eco-mining, and are the first to be selected as a pilot unit for “green mines at the national level”.
The new mining licence, which was successfully obtained by the Japan-New Town gold mine after the consolidation of resources, amounts to 13.75km2, mining rights to a depth of 1835 m, and production has increased from 41.25 million tonnes/year to 2.64 million tonnes/year.
Qingdao City Development Commission agreed to build a project for the expansion of the capacity of the Tandong Gold Mining Company Limited in the area of 7.0473km2, with a high mining mark of +34.1m to -170.0m, and an increase in the size of mining production from 330 million t/a
To 8.25 million t/a. (6) Red Peak wood gold mine.
Gold resources amounting to 7.43 tons, or 1727.95 kg in 2022. The current capacity for the extraction of wood from Akak Peaks is 1250 tons per day, the environmental impact report for the approval of the 2,000-ton/day expansion project and the extension of the auxiliary tailings bank has been approved, and the construction of the sub-wellers began at the end of 2022.
4.3 At the end of March 2021, the company completed its offer to the Australian and Canadian listed company, Catino Limited, and the Catino resource became a fully-owned subsidiary of Golden Hong Kong in Shandong, with significant economic benefits.
The core assets of the Katino resources are the Namdini Development Project and the Bolgatanga Exploration Project, located in the mining belt of Bole-nangodi in north-eastern Ghana, and the Subranum Exploration Project, located in the sefwi mineral belt in south-western Ghana.
An average grade of 1.12 g/t, extrapolated resource volume of 460,000 ounces of gold (approximately 14.3 tons), an average grade of 1.20 g/t, and resource volume ranked second in the company's mine, with good economic prospects.
The construction of projects such as the visual drawings, equipment selections, etc.; in the field, community relocation work has been largely completed, and work on mining roads, power lines, camp construction, water well works, telecommunications works, etc., is proceeding in an orderly manner. According to the report, the construction cycle for the namdini project is 27 months, and we expect to start production after 2025, with a smooth postnatal phase.
Average annual gold production of 8.9 tons will significantly enhance the company ' s gold production and market position. 4.4 Smelting capacity is sufficient, and the expansion of the mine will result in structural optimization.
By the end of 2022, the company ' s mining plant had designed a total capacity of 53,650 tons per day, pending the completion of the above-mentioned project, and the capacity to do so was further enhanced to protect the company ' s continued growth in mineral production.
The company’s subsidiary, Shandong Gold Smelter and Shenzhen Precious Metals, are the company’s main smelters, and the company’s gold mine is acquired from the company’s gold mines, where it concentrates on smelting, refining and smelting. Shenzhen Precious Metals is a subsidiary of Lei State Mining Holdings, which is currently being run by Shandong Gold Smelting Company as the company’s processing plant in Shenzhen.
Outgoing gold clients entered into an out-of-pocket gold purchase and sale contract with the smelting company, customers around Shenzhen sent out gold raw materials to Shenzhen valuables, and shenzhen precious metals entered into a commission-processing contract with the smelting company for gold raw materials sent from the client to be processed into standard or non-marked gold on the Shanghai gold exchange in accordance with the Smelting Company ' s instructions.
At present, Tandong Gold Smelter has a standard gold capacity of 200 tons/year, 100 tons silver/year, and 54 tons/year for Shenzhen Precious Metal Smelting. Due to the company’s current limit on the amount of gold concentrate, Shandong Gold Smelter needs to buy alloys to digest refined production capacity, but the rate of Maori in the pure smelting business is low.
Smelting can absorb new gold concentrates, while also increasing the share of Māori self-generated gold, optimizing the structure of corporate production, maximizing the advantages of centralized smelting and increasing corporate overall profitability.
On 9 December 2022, the company signed an agreement on the transfer of shares with Silver Thai Investments Ltd. of China and Mr. Shen Guofang Jun, to which the company would be entitled to 20,93 per cent of the shares of Silver Thai Gold Co. Ltd., which were held by Mr. Shen Guofang and Silver Thai Investment Co. of China. On 20 July 2023, the company was granted the said shares and the transfer was completed.
The company became a controlling shareholder in silver and gold, and the real owner of silver and gold changed to high-quality mining resources in silver and gold in Shandong Province, with significant cost advantages.
In 2016, after the acquisition of some of the gold exploration and selection companies in Canada, the company Ellado Gold gradually leaned towards the gold plate by mining and selling the original silver, lead and zinc mines. Current products include alloy gold, lead powder and zinc concentrate.
In the second half of the year, the milling tubes were replaced and deactivated, and the Gilling Temple was cut by the disease. The above-mentioned uncontrollable factors affected silver and gold sales by the same amount of gold and silver were reduced throughout the year. In 2022, operating income fell by $7.29 to $8.382 billion, and the price of raw materials was increased to compressed profit space and returned to the mother in 2022.
1h2023 Silver-Thai gold production returned to normal in the same period, when gold prices went up, the unit price of corporate alloy sales increased by about 10.67 per cent over the same period the previous year, the volume of alloy sales increased by about 14.68 per cent over the same period the previous year, and the value of major products.
Ten thousand tons of zinc, 1058,600 tons of copper, 6.35 million tons of copper and 18.2 million tons of tin, and with the acquisition of external mineral resources and the release of production scale, the production of silver and Thai gold alloys increased steadily, producing 7.06 tons of alloys in 2022.
The precious metal mines under the silver-thai gold flag are large and high-grade mines, of which the Black-Thai-Thai-An-Tung gold mine is one of the high-grade, most easy-to-melt gold mines in the country. The highest mineral-rich mining company in the country depends on its high-quality mineral resources, silver-Thai gold. In 2022, under adverse influence, the rate of gold-rich operations in silver-Thai remained as high as 57.37 per cent.
In the first half of 2023, the Māori rate of the silver-thai gold alloy business rose further to 60.52%. Silver-thai gold production will increase mainly from the Chinese gold mine in the coming years.
The company plans to increase its production capacity to 1.2 million tons per year. The process of changing the size of the production of the gold mine is currently under way, with an expected additional 50,000 tons of annual production capacity after the end of the postnatal period, and the implementation of the 2021 silver-tale gold initiative by 2 to 3 years.
The target of doubling resource retention and production of major products (equivalent to about 12 tons of production) by 2020 is 5.2 shares of silver and Thai gold, which is further enhanced by synergy.
6.02 million shares, with a combined share of 23.099% of silver and Thai gold, are held as shareholders in silver and Thai gold holdings.
Figure 47: Post-merger announcement of change of control by the division to become a shareholder in silver and silver gold, semi-annual report of silver and gold 2023, semi-annual report of the company 2023, and stock and gold held by the State and securities company will effectively leverage the potential of silver and gold prospecting to further boost the reserves and boost the capital.
Source access, expanding the size of corporate assets, and concentrating gold resources on headlines. High-quality mining resources, company precious metals and non-ferrous metal products, depending on silver and Thai gold, will significantly increase production, reduce the average cost of production of corporate own-owned gold, and improve product competitiveness and resilience to risk.
Based on the geographical distribution of the corporate and controlling shareholders, the Shandong Gold Group, and the Silver Thai gold assets, there will be a strong regional synergy and industrial synergy: (1) the Great Zaydan gold mine is located in Qinghaixi County under the silver-hai gold flag and is located in Qinghai with the Shandong Gold Group.
Regional synergies and complementarities can be achieved between mines, smelters and mapping units. (2) Alloys, lead concentrates (with silver) and zinc concentrates (with silver) produced by silver and Thai gold can be smelted at smelters close to the Shandong gold group flag, resulting in a synergy between gold and non-ferrous metals production, smelters and smelters, lower smelting costs and reduce metal losses.
(3) The silver and silver industry in the region can work together to develop a coloured mining base in the interior.
(4) Silver-Thai Gold Supply Chain Management Co. Ltd. is located in Shanghai, where regional synergies can be created by complementarities with Shandong Gold Trading Centre and the company's Shandong Gold Trading Company. 5.3 and Shandong Gold Group are committed to resolving competition between their counterparts.
There are significant differences between the company’s main products, sales patterns and major customers of silver and Thai gold, and the mining rights held by both parties cover an autonomous mine with no cross-covering. It is therefore not expected that this transaction will raise significant competition issues among practitioners.
The company's controlling shareholder, the Shandong Gold Group and some of its controlled enterprises, have a certain cross-cutting nature with the silver-thai gold sector, and the Shandong Gold Group plans to inject high-quality non-ferrous metal plate assets under the flag when the quality of assets meets the requirements of the CSRC, after the company has taken control of the silver-thai gold sector and while maintaining the stability of its existing production and operation of silver-taire gold.
The company and the Shandong Gold Group have committed themselves, within five years from the date of taking control of silver and silver gold, to pursue sound business integration by means of asset reorganization, industry restructuring, commissioning and so on to address the problems of inter- and potential inter-industry competition with silver and Thai gold.
VI. Profit projection & recommended investment price assumption: gold averaged 392/g in 2022. The global central bank purchases the gold heat, with the Fed ' s interest-raising cycle close to $448/460/465/g, respectively. (Golds averaged $440/g at the beginning of 2023 to date)
Self-generated gold sales: The company’s gold collection and Māori share of the company’s gold business exceed 90% in 2023-2025, and the company’s gold prices are affected by the expansion of its capacity to plan production in mines such as the Jiaojia gold mine, the Santao gold mine and the Linglong gold mine, which are expected to increase year after year as projects are released and the company’s own gold sales are expected to increase year after year.
Global supply and demand, macro-political economic factors, etc., which combine to cause greater volatility in gold prices, have an impact on the size of the company’s revenues and profits. Projects are not built as expected.
Risks of safe and environmentally sound management. External controls are becoming more stringent, and while the safety and environmental situation of companies continues to be stable, there is some uncertainty about the internal and external conditions in the production process, which poses a risk to the company’s safe and environmentally sound production.
In less than one month, in less than two months, in less than three months.