In 2023, the company realized a net profit from its collection/return to its mother.
\triangleright \triangleright \twilighted growth in self-employment, capital management income, and significant growth in the wealth management client base.
\triangleright \triangleright
Practice No.: $150052304001. Business is customer-centred and continuously optimizes the wealth management system “customer classification, classification, service classification, product diversity, technology support”.
15.5 million households, out of which companies ranked first in the number of eligible investors in the North Exchange, grew by 156 per cent at the end of the year, with high-net clients signing up net assets in excess of 160 billion yuan, compared to 2) in the form of investment operations, which in 2023 were deployed under the development plan for the new three-year period.
In 2023, the company set up a new institutional operating line to coordinate institutional investment payments.
There have been positive developments with regard to off-site operations, market operations, hosting and fund services, and research operations.
In the core region of South-East Asia, brokering continues to have an advantage: investment banking has grown against the market, with 15 single-port ipo projects completed in 2023.
In 2023, Galaxy International Holdings completed Galaxy and Galaxy Holdings, cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
The second purchase of shares, with 100 per cent shareholding, will help the company to remain at the forefront of the core market in South-East Asia.
(5) In the area of investment transactions, in 2023 the firm solidified the growth of its investment operations, equity investments, tight risk exposures, while at the same time vigorously expanding its innovative, demand-based investment transactional operations, and continuously improving its capacity for customer asset allocation and risk management.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: In 2023, the company formally implemented a new round of strategic development planning, defining the strategic mission of “financial reporting countries, customer supremacy” and the strategic objective of “making a home-class, international, leading, and modern” and advancing the “five-one” strategy in depth.
It is hoped that there will be a stronger headhold. We expect 2024-2026e to return to the mother-to-child financial profession, to be the Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Department, and to be the General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Operations Department, and to have been employed in China-Cin-Kin-Kin, China-Change securities. In November 2019, we joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
In 2022, he joined the Sunda securities for research in the small and medium-market sector, and in 2019, he was a “new analyst in the Sino-Girl sector.” P. M.A., Bachelor of Economics, University of Shandong; Master of Economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France; three years of non-banking financial research experience, formerly.
Served in the Tianfeng securities, joined the Sunda securities in August 2022 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Zhang Kaijing, Master ' s degree in economics, Wuhan University, Master ' s degree in actuarial sciences, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials industry, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
Investing in logic, financial management, financial management, asset liabilities, wind control, and related external environments. Liao Yih-chung, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, and a pilot course in financial science.
In November 2022, he joined the CSVC to carry out banking research. The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.