Selectable car and auto parts - March stock evaluation - Autonomous joint ventures continue to outpace high industry growth events: companies publish March sales data, with 226,000 sales per business unit combined, compared to the same amount
A 62 per cent increase, with a cumulative sales volume of 640,000 during the quarter, an increase of 111 per cent over the same period.1 Autonomous brands continued to grow strongly: sales of autonomous brands reached 121,000 in March, an increase of 57 per cent over the same period, a cumulative increase of 123 per cent between January and March, with an overall increase far exceeding the industry.
2. Optimizing the structure of autonomous brand sales: due to the continuing upwards of the gravitational series ... the trend towards an optimal overall structure of long-term autonomous sales over the past year is evident, and the ratio of low-priced cars is decreasing, favouring increased profitability.
Total equity/flow (million shares)3 and Chang Anfort continue to recover robustly: 23,000 sales in Long Anfort in March, a year-on-year increase in total market value/flow (million yuan)
Long Angkor (000625) The first month of sales was a welcome start, and the growing number of long Anjudas was better than that of a joint venture: 11,000 vehicles were sold in March.
Overall outbreak - 62 per cent increase in the same year and cumulatively 69 per cent increase in the quarter as a result of a small joint venture brand performance.
Chang An's car (000625) continues to be strong on the ground.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the information in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.