Investment rating: Purchases (maintenance) Companies publish the first quarterly report 2021, with companies earning $32 billion in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of 178 per cent, net return to mothers of $850 million, an increase of 35 per cent, and net deductions
• Business performance has lost the same balance, joint ventures have lost both energy and liquidity (millions of shares) and the autonomous portion of 2021q1 has achieved a profit of about $580 million, and the same level of business performance has lost significantly.
On the cost side of the period, management costs increased by 212 per cent over the same period, mainly because of the increase in the cost of fuel and new energy components and salaries of employees.
Investment returns from joint ventures and joint ventures amount to $280 million, which represents a reversal of the odds, mainly the optimization of the joint venture’s marketing structure and an increase in profit levels. • Positively pushing for change, electricization is expected to yield results.
Companies drive change in a variety of ways: organization, marketing, development, etc., and actively embrace electricization and intelligence. The company’s ark architecture will be greatly upgraded in terms of precipitation, R & D progress.
With respect to electricization, the company actively promoted the Shangri-La project, based on a new, pure power platform model, which is expected to be marketed in 2022, while Chang-Ann and Ningde, and the high-end brands of China, working together, will complement the company's short plates in the field of electrodynamics. In the joint venture, Chang-Amford benefited.
The introduction of a heavy-pound national product would bring back sales and brands, while the first electric model would come closer and hope that the main force, Annford, would open up in the field of electricization. Car sales would fall short of expectations; new models would not be on the market as much as they were expected.
3. Chang-Ang: The year 2020 was a year of high performance, 2. Chang-Ang: a quarter of business performance was similar to that of the previous year. 3. Chang-Ang: the sales of March continued to grow at a very high rate.
The research area covers passenger cars, commercial cars, car parts, and new energy vehicles, and traditional vehicles. Don’t worry: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, USA, six years of lithium research, covering the lithium electricity chain.
Teen Fei: Four years of research experience in industrial design and voucher industry, Master of Commerce, Kedge, France, and a complex background in electrical engineering and finance, covering the lithium electricity industry chain. Shen Si: three years of research experience in buyer industry, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering wind and light voltage; use of information on legal compliance, independent and objective production of this report, using data and information from the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.