The company published its annual report for 2020, which generated $84.6 billion in revenue for the entire year, an increase of 19.8 per cent over the same year, resulting in a net return to the mother of $3.3 billion.
In 2020, the company ' s Māori ratio was 20.3%, an increase of 0.5 percentage points from the previous year. The cost for the period was 12.6%, a decrease of 1.4 percentage points from the previous year.
Not to mention the changes - 2.5%, +1.1%, and 0%, the significant increase in management costs is due to the increase of about $1.1 billion in new energy, mainly to the elimination of old-age lines. The joint venture brand is expected to become a new growth point.
In 2020, the company’s investment earnings from joint ventures amounted to $570 million, of which the company’s net profit was about $1.5 billion, the company’s projected loss was $1.5 billion, and the net profit from new energy technologies was -1.1 billion.
The cycle, Lincoln and Ford high-end domestication, is expected to lead to a reversal of the long Anfort.
In the case of electricization, Chang An and Ningde, and the Chinese, working together, will supplement the company's short lines in the field of electricization. In the case of joint ventures, Chang Ann Ford will benefit from the nationalization of heavy-pound vehicles, which will bring back sales and brands, while the first electric vehicle will come closer.
The main force, Anfort, has opened up in the field of electrodynamics. Car sales have fallen short of expectations; new models are not on the market as expected; and there are risks.
3. Chang-Ang: high sales, high sales, new cars worth a lot of money.
Som Wai Jian: Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master’s degree in research at Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts, and new energy vehicles, and traditional vehicles. Don’t let Igda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, with a national scholarship and study at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States, six years of lithium research experience, covering the lithium electricity chain.
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of this information or that the information and recommendations contained in it will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.