Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) %2021 of young people in position, operating at a loss of value in a single quarter. Net profit – 1160 million yuan, of which a single-quarter large bad debt charge and the cost of paying for the new energy component
After removing the above-mentioned factors, we expect the business performance of 2020q4 to be around $200 million in investment returns from the joint venture block, self-employment, company prices compared to 300 deep.
• Autonomy breakthroughs and electricizations are steadily moving forward. The company's unik number 2 series has remained high since its appearance, with a cumulative order of 9108 in March, promising to become another long-ann vehicle.
The ship structure, which will be significantly upgraded in terms of precipitation, R & D progress, is currently being built only in the unie series, based on the ark structure, and is expected to become more widespread, providing more space for company landings, and the company will be in cs55 replacement in the second half of 2021.
The high-end electric brands working with Ninder and Wah will complement the company’s short-boards in the field of electricization. In the case of co-financing, Chang Anford will benefit from the national production of heavy-pound vehicles, which will bring back sales and brands, while the first electric model will come closer and hopefully lead to the expansion of the power of Anford in the field of electrodynamics.
Car sales are below expectations; new models are not on the market as well as the risks are expected.
3. Chang-An automobile: high sales on schedule, industry. Hua-Ann ' s new energy and automobile research team: covering electricity and motor industry. Song Wei-jin: five years of experience in the automobile industry, Master ' s degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and new energy vehicles and traditional vehicles.
Beyonda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States, six years of experience in lithium electricity research, covering the lithium electricity industry. Teen Fei: four years of experience in industrial design and voucher industry research, Master of Technology in Kedge, France, and a complex background in electrical engineering and finance, covering the lithium electricity industry.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.