The reason for the report is: annual reports, sales lead industries, high performance growth.
On April 20, 20, 20, 2021, the market opportunities are being pursued, with high annual performance growth. In 2020, the new coronary pneumonia epidemic increased the car \triangleright \triangleright
Under pressure from the industry, following the improvement in the control of the epidemic in the country, the resumption of work has steadily advanced, the overall recovery of the industry has improved, the company has seized opportunities for market recovery after the outbreak, actively coordinates the production of materials, works together, resumes production, returns to the market, and the major beneficiary companies have continued to grow at a high rate of automobile sales, and the company has been able to do so in a single season.
By 2020, the company had a design capacity of 2.05 million vehicles with a capacity utilization rate of 60%; the company ' s revenue, net return to the mother had increased at a rate of 19.79%, and the company ' s share of the profits had increased at a rate of 19.79%.
In April-November 2020, the company ' s monthly vehicle sales increased by more than 20 per cent on a year-by-year basis and continued to lead the way.
Market value (billions): cs55plus, Oshanx5, for example, continuously enhancing classic products and further refining the product matrix.
According to the joint venture brand, a new model of Ford Explorer, Lincoln Adventurer, etc., has been realized throughout the year with a basic per share gain (in dollar/equity): 253,000 vehicles sold, i.e. 37.7 per cent of the year, with an increase in the city ' s share + 0.41 pt; and the Chang Amada generation.
Mazda3 Oncelax pressurized glory, mazdacx-30x pressurized glory is officially listed, with a net asset return rate (%): a continuation of the specialty. This is followed by a sustained recovery in the industry, and corporate ownership of the multi-valued vehicle model.
Increased marketing efforts and improved marketing systems. Companies, on the one hand, implement differentiated shop strategies, accelerate the downswing of channels, on the other hand, increase the capacity of the channels and accelerate the digital transformation of marketing.
By the end of 2020, the company had 1617 distributors and 70 per cent of the city ' s automobiles, along with the company ' s marketing canal system.
Building on research and development capabilities, it is hoped that the core competitiveness of companies will continue to improve. In recent years, public \triangleright has become more competitive.
In Taiwon city city, Trade Center, 69 West Street, 28th floor, the division is actively developing new industries such as car intelligence and light quantification, and is accelerating the promotion of the "Bei Doe Teng", "Hung Kong China, 28 West and Peace Lixi Street in Beijing City."
Grilla. In 2020, the company invested $4,142 million in product and technology project development and, on the 7th floor of the inter-centre, completed the country's first volume-I3 production technology release and a new electronic electrical structure in auto domain controllers and seats.
Samsai Securities Co. Ltd. Integrator of domain controller, first carbon fibre-aluminium alloy mix car body successfully tested down, first high-performance four-drive suv successfully tested down, fuel cell system control software set up autonomously
As high-tech companies accelerate their landings, it is expected that they will increase their technological advantages as a whole, optimize their product structure, and thus contribute to the continuous improvement of their core competitiveness. Investment advice: companies will continue to build classic models and actively break through automobile intelligence, new energy, lightweight, and light.
This report is presented in an independent and objective manner. I am not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for any of the recommendations or ideas in this report. I promise not to use my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.