In March, sales grew steadily and unik opened a new high-end chapter Investment rating: buying (maintaining) the company announced sales in March 2021, with 226,000 vehicles sold in March.
In March, the company showed excellent sales, influenced by the industry’s low base, the new cycle, and so on. In terms of autonomous branding, Chongqing’s + Fatty + + + + + + + + + + + + + – 109,000 vehicles were sold, up from 109,000.
56% of them. The sales in the cs75 series were 31461, a 71% increase over the same period. Unit sales were 7050, which kept the heat on. On the joint venture side, Long Anfort sales were 23350, 11% more than the same, benefiting from the release of Ford and Lincoln new cars.
The company’s prices compare to the 300-percent trend – the unik order is very strong, and the new platform is fully active. The Autonomous branding of the new series of uni enters the product cycle, and the first model, un-t, has been sold since it was marketed.
And at the same time, the company's ark architecture will be significantly upgraded in terms of dropbooks, R & D progress, and now only a series of unie series.
Based on the ark architecture, it is expected that more cars will be made available and that more space will be made available to companies. In joint ventures, Chang Annford benefits from the nationalization of the heavy-pound car, which will bring back sales and brands, while the first electric vehicle will come closer, and it is hoped that the main force, Mr. Anford, will be in the field of electricization.
Car sales are not as high as expected; new models are not on the market as they are expected.
The research area covers passenger cars, commercial cars, car parts, and new energy vehicles, and traditional vehicles. Don’t worry: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, USA, six years of lithium research, covering the lithium electricity chain.
Teen Fei: Four years of research experience in industrial design and voucher industry, Master of Commerce, Kedge, France, and a complex background in electrical engineering and finance, covering the lithium electricity industry chain. Shen Si: three years of research experience in buyer industry, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering wind and light voltage; use of information on legal compliance, independent and objective production of this report, using data and information from the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.