Autonomous brands remain strong, and new energy sales are excellent investment ratings: buying (maintenance) Autonomous brands are still strong, and new energy sources are excellent.
According to FMC data, domestic car sales fell by 2% on the same date in May, and corporate sales continued to win the industry. According to branding, the company’s own brand kept strong, and Chongqing’s sales of 73,000 vehicles grew by 52%, with un, Oshan, V and other heavy-pound models continuing to work together.
At the same time, the company’s new sources of vehicles have sold more than 10,000 cars per month. In terms of joint branding, both Chang Anford and Chang Anma al-Daïda are now falling to varying degrees, mainly due to chip shortages.
Companies drive change in a variety of organizational, marketing, development, etc., and embrace electric and intellectual energy.
The previous ununi series, built on ark-based architecture, is expected to be more vehicle-typed, and the company’s pure power platform model is expected to shine this year. At the same time, the company, together with China and Ninder, is building a new energy high-end brand, which will be based on high-end brands, with all Aveta's subsidiaries.
The new model is not on the market as well as the risks.
3. Chang-Ang: Quarter performance versus year-on-quarter new energy and automobile research group: coverage of the electricity and automobile industry
Som Wai Jian: Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master’s degree in research at Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts, and new energy vehicles, and traditional vehicles. Don’t let Igda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States, six years of lithium research experience, covering the lithium electricity chain.
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of this information or that the information and recommendations contained in it will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.