Lithium at all latitudes increases profitability and speeds up the flow of batteries.
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forengrishsummary) billion-latitude lithium can release q3 performances in 2023: 23q1-q3 yielding $35.529 billion.
RMB, 46.3 per cent increase in the same year; the net return to the mother is RMB 3,424 million, 28.5 per cent increase in the same year; of this, 23q3 earned RMB 12,553 million, 34.2 per cent increase in the same year, the ring growth is mainly due to the steady release of the productive capacity of the company and an increase in the rate of excellence.
The output of mobile batteries has grown rapidly, and the share of domestic and foreign cities has continued to rise. 23q3 companies have moved to store batteries about 15gwhh, an increase of 20% over the ring, of which the power ring is equal; storage is 80%. According to China ' s Automotive Battery Industry Innovation Alliance, January-September, corporate power cells.
Domestic cities accounted for 4.3 per cent of the increase in year-on-year growth of 2.0 pct, ranking fourth, with far higher loads and higher industry averages. According to sneresearch, in January-August, the company ' s global power capacity reached 9.2gwhh, an increase of 142.8 per cent in year-on-year growth and a global market of 2.1 per cent in year-on-year growth.
Growth of 0.8 pct. We expect the company to deliver about 58gwh a year, faster than the previous year, and to have achieved the strategic layout of globalization in Europe, North America, and South-East Asia.
Paccar established a joint venture in the United States to invest in battery capacity, which is expected to start out in 26. In the same month, the billion-latitude power acquired fixed-point cooperation with two Euro-American companies, General and Rimac. 23h1 generated $7,424 million abroad, an increase of 35.2 per cent.
In terms of technological innovation, large cylindrical batteries have been commercialized in domestic vehicles, producing lines.
The company is expected to start production by the end of 2024, and the business investment proposal: taking into account the downside of battery prices due to increased competition in the industry, we expect the company to have a high degree of elasticity in the storage of batteries, which is expected to be boosted by an increase in overseas market and volume production rates.
Yang Binbinyang