I'm reporting the reasons for this: the annual report.
Business multi-point layout, new energy and smart business continues to advance performance continues to improve, with significant improvements in profitability of 2018 \triangleright.
The management cost rates were 1.42 per cent and 8.46 per cent, respectively, an increase of 0.06 pct, 0.12 pct, multi-point layout of R & D, and an increase in technological excellence. On the one hand, the company ' s R & D costs increased significantly, mainly as a result of the integration of Chinese vision into the combined financial statements and increased R & D inputs, in 2018.
R & D costs of $5.133 billion, an increase of 21.95 per cent over the same period, while, at the end of the year, companies and associated enterprises had 355 R & D, manufacturing and service bases throughout the country, with over 5,000 exclusive profits, 74 enterprises with the title of a high-technology enterprise and 3 business owners.
They found that the Enterprise Technology Centre (ETC) was qualified, that 25 enterprises had a reputation for municipal technology in Shanghai, and that 18 companies had obtained a national accreditation laboratory certificate for the Iso/iec 17025.The small family lights in Shanghai were acquired to provide a performance growth point for the company.
A 50% share in the Chinese visuals (formerly Shanghai Lights Ltd.) was purchased and formally incorporated into the consolidated financial statements. In 2018 performance, the Chinese visual car lighting business grew rapidly, providing a performance growth point for the company's lighting business, and the company's lights were sold cumulatively this year.
The amount of 7028, 6882 thousand, an increase of 6.04 per cent and 6.25 per cent, respectively, is expected to continue steadily to provide companies with performance growth points, while the Chinese vision is a leader in the domestic car-light industry, with a strong client base and a technological advantage.
The new energy sector has been very effective, and the intelligent interconnection area continues to advance.
Motion Systems Ltd. has provided power-driven electrical products for a number of pure electric models, such as Eunway, mg, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
Mass global pure electric vehicle platform (meb) supply requirements, orderly advancement of the development of power-driven systems and production preparations; third, companies with limited subsidiaries of long-line car smart security systems, investing in the development of car crew safety systems; and fourth, corporate technology centres and electronic sub-firms
Twenty-four ghz back to millimetre-wave radar for bulk delivery. Overall, motor motorization, intelligence, and networking are important directions for the future of the automobile industry, while companies have made layouts at several key nodes, and research and development and industrial inputs continue to grow, with active deployment of related operations and technological advantages.
There's a steady increase in the number of industrial chains working together, both at home and abroad, with a well-structured client base.
Car companies have established good long-term partnerships with high-quality whole-car companies like Volkswagen, Volkswagen General, Volkswagen, Chang Anfort and East Wind, which account not only for the company's operating income, but also for the country's entire fleet of cars (in 2018, at the Autobot Market).
About 25.1% provides a higher security margin for the company’s performance. From abroad, some of the company’s niches and products, such as casting aluminium, oil tank systems and car electronics, have entered regional markets in Europe, the United States, Korea, Australia, and South-East Asia, where the company’s subsidiary, Yap Car Inner Systems, Ltd., is located.
The global car interior market has maintained a high rate of ownership, covering, inter alia, Mercedes, BMW, Ford, the general public, the global whole. \triangleright \triangleright
The automotive industry continues to experience a downward trend; product-backed model sales are below expectations; macroeconomics