The company released a quarterly report in 2019, which generated business income of $35.570 billion, down 11.6 per cent from the previous year.
The net profit of shareholders in listed companies was $1.85 billion, a 36.6 per cent decline over the same period; the net return of $1.8 billion was the return on investment, resulting in a faster year-on-year decline in the corporate performance base over the same period, which was largely in line with the volume of sales in the automobile industry and the decline in corporate revenue.
Performance bottoms. Performance is expected to improve as automobile sales return. Companies are large domestic spare parts, and the value of long-term configurations is high. Companies have perfect layouts in new energy sources, smart drivers, etc., walking in the direction of faster performance and higher Māori rates as a result of the acquisition of Chinese visual q1 shares over the same period.
As the company’s top customer, the share of revenue is more than 50%, and the industry has fallen by the same amount as the upper ones in the past quarter. The average prices of the main raw materials, aluminium, hot rollers, plastics have been lower during the quarter than in the same period last year, and the prices of raw materials have fallen and the product has been restructured, with the company’s overall Māori ratio at 14.3%.
1.2 percentage points increase. Sales costs are the same as -12.6 per cent, which is broadly consistent with the drop in revenue; management costs are the same as -3.1 per cent, which is mainly relatively rigid; small sum is the same as continued investment in research and development in the fields of intelligence, electricization, and R & D costs are the same as +29.2 per cent; higher interest costs result in higher financial costs
Completing the small-light acquisition and renaming of the Chinese domain visualization table, confirming a one-time equity premium of $926 million for investment returns, leading to a significant decline in the net profit ratio of the parent, and, after deducting non-recurrent gains and losses, actively promoting the development and industrialization of research and development in the fields of intelligence, electricization, etc., with wide scope for development.
The country ' s first autonomous R & D volume millimetre Wave Radar supplier produced 16,922 rear 24ghz rear millimetre radars in 2018 and accelerated the development of products such as 77/79ghz; W.W. Magnus power-driven systems acquired mass meb platform fixed points and are advancing development and production preparations; H.S. electricity
Motivated domestic leadership in the production of power-driven copper-line technology, multi-car-type packages have been acquired for the upper-air vehicle fleet, and the upper-air utility, meb platform has been fixed. Companies have mastered the smart-power core technology, leading the autonomous auto parts and components industry, and have started the process of industrialization, with wide scope for the future.
The outlook for future development is good with the growing parts and components. In 2018, China’s visual attainment was 13.3 billion yuan, an increase of 15% over the same period, and the expansion of a number of new customers, such as Hiroshima Honda, was accompanied by a gradual development of traffic lights from halogens, thorium gas lamps to led lamps, smart lights, with a marked increase in value and expectation.
Companies are large domestic parts and components, which are expected to outperform the industry as a whole. The company promotes the strategic orientation of “zero classization, neutralization, internationalization” and actively expands beyond the upper steam.
The rate of dividends was 4.4 per cent, which was lower than the domestic and foreign headlines of car parts, and the smart electric field, “The Domain Motors — Performances meet Expectations, and the Smart Electric Spaces Authority is expected to take the lead in improving valuations.
– Strong growth in performance, industry pressure, “Handover cars — rapid growth in performance, accelerated smart electric power 1) increased competition in the market, declining automobile sales and profit margins; and (2) higher costs, such as raw materials.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.