Sunshine Power (300274.sz) Shen Jia company issues equity incentive schemes and buy-back programmes that are expected to grow steadily and suggest “buy-in”
On 14 May, the company released a draft restrictive equity incentive scheme for 2022, which provides for the granting of a limited stock of 6.5 million shares, or about 0.44 per cent of the total equity of the company, with no more than 468 participants, or 6.96 per cent of the total number of companies, mainly core and cadre workers.
At the same time, the company issues a repurchase plan, which is used as an equity incentive to repurchase, amounting to between $5 billion and $1 billion, and calculates the expected repurchase of shares at the upper and lower limits, respectively. In the context of the accelerated transformation of the global energy structure, the company's photovoltaic reverse transformers and storage systems are delivering goods.
In addition, the company has stepped up the construction of offshore pipelines, with a steady increase in the city’s share rate. In view of the draft Epidemic Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme, it is planned to award a restrictive stock of 6.5 million shares, or about 6.96% of the company’s population, mainly the company’s core and cadre workforce.
The incentive scheme will help to strengthen corporate cohesion and achieve more robust growth. Since the incentive scheme will be issued through targeted distribution or buy-back, the company will also issue the same day.
The Repurchase Equity Program was set up. The amount of money spent on the Repurchase is $5 billion, the repurchase price is not as good as expected, and the company has a year-round delivery time: the company achieved a Māori harvest of 29.5% in q1 in 2022, a marked recovery from 21q4, which is almost equal to the net profit increase.
The percentage points, on the one hand, are part of the cost line to cover the cost of sales, and on the other hand, are the company ' s continuous addition of investment in the construction of the Greater Overseas Sales Pipeline; the financial cost rate has increased by 2.3 percentage points over the year, mainly because the depreciation of the euro has increased the loss on exchange and interest payments.
Foreign sales pipelines have been built, and the share of overseas revenues has risen to 38%. With the pace of new energy construction overseas, we expect a strong demand for corporate products throughout the year, a year-round deficit of 70gw and a rapid devaluation of the renminbi since the second quarter, which is expected to increase the competitiveness of companies in pricing.
We're going to be able to increase the exchange rate of the company.