Short-term difficulties have passed, and the Reverse King is expected to continue to grow through the cycle.
• Delays in performance, such as the cost of the period, and the prospect of a gradual reversal of future profits
The company realized operating income of $4.568 billion in the first quarter of 2022, resulting from an increase in sales costs, an increase in asset impairments as a result of the loss of credit impairments, an increase in overseas sales channels in 2021 and an increase in the loss of receivables due to the postponement of some overseas power stations and the impact of the epidemic.
Looking forward to 2022, we believe that the company’s forward investment will provide a solid basis for the unfinished development, and that the company’s cost rate is expected to return to normal. We are expected to adjust the PV business to maintain a high increase, and the cost pressure is expected to ease.
Corporate reversible business maintained high growth and cost pressures are expected to ease over time. In 2021, the company achieved a photovoltaic transformer delivery of 47gw, an increase of 34 per cent over the same year, with global cities accounting for more than 23 per cent. Photorevert business revenue was $9.05 billion, an increase of 20.44 per cent over the same period, subject to an increase in the cost of raw materials and a decrease of 1.23 pct in the Maori rate.
The rise, coupled with the gradual release of the igbt supply, is expected to ease the cost-side pressure, and the Māori rate of corporate reversible business is expected to pick up steadily.
Corporate Information Updates - Reverser City Holdings Rapid Growth of Company Repository Operations, which is expected to open up new profit growth points for companies.
The total volume of goods delivered amounted to 3gwhh, an increase of 275% over the same year, and the amount of revenues generated by the storage operations was 3,138 million yuan, an increase of 168.51% over the same year, representing a 13% share. The storage market maintained a high profile, and the company’s storage system was the first city in a series of years, with the prospect of fully benefiting from the rapid growth of the industry in the future.