Events: company reports issued in the first quarter of 2025, yielding $6,792 million in battalion 2025, compared to \triangleright.
\triangleright Both the net profit from the parent and the net profit from the deduction from the parent have increased significantly over the same period; 3) the cost side: the increase in sales and management costs of 2025q1 is mainly due to the expansion of the company ' s size during the current period.
Three major business fission upgrades deepen the intelligent layout of cars. The company’s core business has grown robustly, not \triangleright billions of dollars, +15.36% of the year, with new orders selling more than $16 billion a year.
Nearly $10 billion. The company ' s high-calculation platform has now successfully achieved volume-based production, providing complementary support to ideals, pelicans, kryptonium, the Great Wall, Guangmian, Lutes, etc. 3) Network services operations: 2024 corporate intelligence 2. Desehway (0029220.sz) series II: 24q
The driving industry has achieved $7,714 million, or +27.99%. The company has launched a large model voice solution to meet customization needs; the “Blue Whale” ecosystem has completed a major breakthrough to achieve large model deployments on both sides of the cloud.
The process of internationalization is accelerating the deployment of production capacity to the global biosphere. In 2024, the company’s overseas orders outpaced \triangleright’s active promotion of production capacity, which is now operating normally in German factories, which have been launched in Mexico.
Started supplying customers with products such as smart cabins, smart driving, etc. Investment advice: smart cabin products benefit multiple screen trends and new customer outreach, smart driving product \triangleright
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.