Performance of 25q1 exceeded expectations, deepening upstream and downstream industrial cooperation Investment rating: Increase (maintenance) Events: 24 April 2025, first quarter of 2025, released by Desai Siwi (0029220.sz)
Reported operating income of $6,792 million, compared to the year of +20.26 per cent, ring ratio of 21.42 per cent; increased size of business, profitability rehabilitation, increased cost of company size, and low-seasonization of the automobile industry during the quarter
The net interest rate is 8.57%. The increase in profitability is partly attributable to the disposal of equity shares of participating companies, which brings about $96.8 million in investment returns. At the same time, the net cash flow generated by operating activities amounts to $607 million, a significant increase of 205.60% for companies.
• Create a rich matrix of products, deepen upstream and downstream industrial cooperation, diversify the product mix of the company's smart cabins, work in the field of smart driving to provide a full-scale solution, and work with Chirí in parallel with the large-scale production of high-calculus platforms
During the exhibition, the company announced that it would work with the HDR to upgrade and further focus on the functional integration of the airspace control and the physical domain control of the new generation of local ai and the entire area control of the vehicle.
It was announced that a series of combination-driving support solutions would be launched in close cooperation with Hightower, using a unified hardware platform, with models of local and high-profile universal algorithms for Desai Siwei in China and the international market, respectively, to meet the suitability of customized products.
The firm’s depth is focused on efficient integration of car intelligence, deployment of smart pods, intelligent driving, smart web connections, leading companies in the electronics sector of cars, with a scale effect, benefiting from the incremental market opportunities offered by intellectual parity. We expect the company to realize a net return to the mother in 2025-2027.
The year 2024 was marked by an increase in intellectual and intellectual performance, with lower than expected sales of cars; lower than expected production of spot-based models; lower profitability; and less than expected.
Ma, Swe, who holds positions in the strategic, market, product and research core sectors, has many years of experience in primary and secondary markets, has a multilatitude research perspective and deep insight into electronic + automobile/industry + finance, and has full coverage in the automobile industry, using information on legal compliance, and has produced the present report independently and objectively, using data and information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.