21H1 performance growth robustly, with new stock available for the second half of the year - high-quality mid-2021, performance growth robustly and high stock readiness to catch up with the season.
\triangleright Ring + 29%. Companies diversify to take full advantage of vertical integration and synergy of products and processes, with good growth in each business in the first half of the year and income from computer/car/communication/consumptive electronics.
Short-term Māori rates have declined as a result of the lack of core effects, higher prices of upstream raw materials, and corporate cost pressures, combined with the impact of airpods ' off-loading on profitability. Larger clients released new items in the second half of the year, companies' new products entering the production phase, revenue unit compared to depth of 300.
The volume of goods reached $15.8 billion, compared to +20 per cent, mainly due to higher demand for orders in the second half of the year, pre-positioning. Multi-grades continue to evolve, and future growth is dynamic.
(a) Sustained growth in the share + expansion category, $2.63 billion in R & D expenditure in the first half of the year, sustained progress in multi-product products: 1) further improvement in the share of watch assembly and increased opportunities for the sip break-up with the import of new airtag products; 2) sustained expansion of the module operations, with an increase in the share added to the number of customers in Africaa and a strong future growth momentum; 3) iPhone surrogates
Business is progressing well, with the future share expected to rise in the second half of the year, when the supply of new products will be the main engine; 4) The car business has reached 38.99% Māori in the first half of the year, increasing profitability. 44 times the latest tttm valuation in sw, 2021/8/25, and we believe that the company underestimates and maintains a “recommended” rating.
The volume of products sold by large clients is not as high as expected, new business imports are not as fast as expected, industry competition increases the risk, etc.
Long logic remains clear. Company financial statement data projections aggregate Wang Fang, chief of the electronics industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Ltd., and acquired the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.