Performance growth is as expected. Internet platform layout is beginning to work. 10/04/ 2018 strongly recommended (maintenance)
The company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 18 and expected to return to the mother ' s net profit zone in the first quarter of 2018, from agent taps to research, with performance growth in line with the expected transformation of the business model of 2017 from pure generation to integration, with the company issuing paragraphs 1, 2 and 2, respectively, in 2014-2016.
The rate of fluidity between agent and self-research operations was 9:1 in 2015 and self-researched for the first time more than 50%, with profits of more than 75%. Although the pace of self-research production slowed in 2017 and the number of proxy products decreased, the growth in corporate performance slowed somewhat, but as a result of the release of products
The company's performance is largely in line with expectations, such as the performance of the Holy Land, Hope for a New World, and the Taiwan Agency's Dragon Valley. Therefore, we believe that, as the company's business strategy moves from being an agent to being one, the fine-tuning of the agent's product and the gradual upscaling of the self-researched product will make the public aware.
In 2018, the company had a rich stock of products, and the priority products were now being developed in the following projects: Rocky, Death, The Stars of September, The Sword, and so forth.
South Asia is on the line, and Hope for a New World is on the way to the mainland. Meanwhile, in February 2018, the company and the Great Game launched the Dragon Valley on the line in Hong Kong, China.
Top 10, top-to-sum top-market and top-market-to-play-top 3. We believe that companies performed as the Dragon Valley went online in South-East Asia (The Dragon Valley is the first ip in the South-East Asian end market) and the company self-researched product Death (the current pre-test is good).
Diversified expansion focuses on vertical users, and extended investment increases the company’s performance are currently expanding vertical user groups and segmenting markets, in addition to self-researching and proxy trips, by buying and buying leisure time to enter the chess world, by investing in the development of the gay social market at Opra (a 10,000 share of the global market for browsers). In addition, companies also develop vertical user groups and segment markets.
We believe that, as the Internet industry’s vast incremental space becomes available, companies will continue to reap the benefits of vertical users and sub-sectors of development and excavation, and the huge returns from outward investment will greatly increase company performance.
Questions and assessments: idleness and table-driven performance growth, hand-by-hand, enhanced investment visibility - 20170426