The short-term pressure on domestic operations, the continuation of high growth in overseas operations and innovation, the short-term pressure on domestic operations and the high growth in overseas operations. Corporate growth slowed during the reporting period due to repeated domestic epidemics, which limited the movement of people and logistics and weakened downstream demand.
Some improvement, led by policies of digital society and digital governance, will result in a rapid recovery of tog end operations with total market value/flow (millions of dollars). The demand of firms has significant structural features, such as energy industries, medicine, etc.
The need for a digital transition in the therapeutic health sector is even more pressing, and traditional construction, business, etc., is under pressure. Therefore, companies will rely on their mature products and solutions, focusing on China’s share (002236).
Business opportunities in such fields as new smart cities, energy, industrial manufacturing, medical care, pre-Canadian shares (002236), Pacific Securities-Canadian Shares-Solution Enhancement, R & D start-up
With regard to overseas operations, $6,791 million was collected in the first half of the year, an increase of 18.56 per cent. Overseas operations have been growing faster, not only because of the early return to normal production from the epidemic control, but also because of the high rate of production of the Pacific Stock Exchange (002236).
And movement of people; more intensive farming with the company for many years, sustained new business openings, new client secrets - three-quarter reviews: three-quarter performance meets expectations, with the company ' s overseas operations increasing by about 6 percentage points in comparison to the total revenue.
Sales are getting deeper and upgraded, moving from small projects to cooperation with integrated players, integrating business 2017/10/31 models of business cooperation as both a challenge and an opportunity for companies. At the same time, companies are putting professional teams abroad.
With new business expansion and continued deepening of home-based business strategies, the growth of overseas operations is expected, and innovative operations are expected to grow significantly and become sustainable in the future. Innovative operations include, inter alia, mobile robots, oranges, household use, car electronics, smart security, intellectual storage, smart fire protection, etc., during the reporting period.
Corporate innovation generated revenues of $1.686 billion, an increase of 40.84 per cent, or 11.97 per cent, of total revenue, an increase of almost 3 percentage points. Of this, the Lemon household grew by more than 50 per cent during the reporting period: Wieswich made a big breakthrough in the automotive, screen and lithium industries: Waqing.
The project is expected to be delivered in the second half of the year. While the business of innovation as a whole is small, its growth momentum is strong, and it is expected to continue to open up incremental space for companies.
In the reporting period, the company's Māori rate and interest rate were about 2.3% lower than in the previous reporting period (changes in the accounting standards for freight costs included in operating costs);
Research in core areas such as energy, video clouds, machine vision, etc., provides a solid foundation for sustainable and robust development in the future. In addition, the company plans to raise a loss of about $209 million in petty investment in the first half of the year, if the future falls in the company’s share as it moves to the market.
The challenge is for companies to build on the full sense, full intelligence, full connectivity, full computing and ecological “five-size” capabilities, focusing on the business opportunities offered by energy generation and manufacturing upgrading, and continuously strengthening channels, expanding the coverage of integrated customers, while actively promoting the development of innovative business.
As a result, the company’s overseas and innovative operations will maintain a high growth trend, while domestic operations are expected to recover rapidly as the domestic epidemic improves, leading to year-round performance repair. In the long run, the overall public sector is gaining strength, the boundaries of the industry are widening, and the intellectuals are allied.
Development is not as good as expected: (3) overseas markets, new customers are not expanding as expected.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.