21st of 2022 Deepening Quality Development Strategy with the sustained growth of innovative business
- The semi-annual report for 2022 (002236.sz) assesses the impact of the epidemic on operating revenues in the country and the steady growth of overseas operations. In the first half of 2022, companies achieved operating revenues of $14,087 million, an increase of 4.31 per cent, compared with 4.31 per cent;
18.56%. In overseas markets, companies continue to deepen their localized business strategies, continue to sink the distribution network, and are constantly loading more non-video new business and product solutions, with professional teams for new offshore business expansion.
Software, on the other hand, focuses on priority industries and upgrades the overall share of software operations in overseas operations.
Of this amount, software operations generated revenues of $602 million, an increase of 9.25 per cent over the same period; and innovation generated revenues of $1,686 million, an increase of 40.84 per cent over the same year, representing 11.97 per cent of operating income. Companies placed a high priority on the nurturing and development of innovative business, building on the company ' s technological accumulation in the audiovisual conglomerate industry and the supply
Reciprocal chain integration and market capabilities, with significant innovation, continue to expand new areas of high-speed growth.
A series of innovative operations, such as fire fighting, which, under a unified corporate governance structure, are evaluated in terms of performance reporting: steady growth throughout the year and rapid growth of innovative operations, operate independently and thus adapt to the rapidly changing demands of the market and have become an important dynamic for the growth of companies.
Continue to strengthen investment in core technology and software capacity-building, industrialization in several directions
In the first half of the year, the company invested 1,563 million yuan in research and development, accounting for business income.
In the study of the core technologies of algorithms, the company's algorithms have proactively explored the path to industrial development, with weak monitoring of learning, self-learning, semi-automated models.
The army has achieved remarkable results in several areas, such as search, federal learning, and credible ai, and has gradually brought the industry to the ground. The company's artificial intelligence open platform, jnnstudio, has a cloud of wisdom and a private company cloud.
And with the scale of technology, such as the one, the video capability has been extended to a wide range of business applications.
The market space in the industry has expanded further, and companies are expected to benefit fully. Combined with the business situation of the first half of the year, there is a risk of a new coronary pneumonia epidemic recurring: the demand for digitized transformation of firms has not released as much as expected: the overseas market has expanded as expected; the innovation business has not developed as expected; and market competition has increased the risk.
Figure 1: The author of the P-band shares in China for the last three years, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment to the report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.