On 21 August 2023, high growth in mr/xr products, robust overseas operations (+25.46%) and more than 30% more than the same increase in the volume of tri-a-hospital deliveries.
Over 100 per cent increase, more than 50 per cent more than the same year in thousands of county engineering hospitals; companies have achieved overseas revenues of $718 million (+32.29 per cent), with revenues of 13.62 per cent, the number of overseas installed users has increased by close to 30 per cent, and the number of overseas mi orders has increased by nearly 60 per cent.
There has been steady progress in both Korea and South Korea. Digital Pete/ct system miipanorama is officially admitted to Huntsmancancerinstitute (hci) hospial in one of the top cancer centres in the United States; 640 layers of ct-ut 960+ in one of the top emergency medical services in Korea.
The Institute’s video technology will be upgraded; the European top oncology centre mariacurie nationalinstituteofoncology has also introduced the company’s digital light-conducted pet/ct umi 780. The company’s cumulative 41 products are certified through fda; and the cumulative 39 products are acquired.
In the first half of 2023, 44 products grew rapidly in 21 countries and regions, with high growth in mr/xr products and a high market share. By sub-product, the ct line earns 2,094 million yuan.
By caliber, companies rank first in the industry in all product lines, of which mi, xr and rt are ranked first in the market, ct, mr, rt are ranked third in the market. Firms continue to invest heavily in R & D, and the R & D output is very strong: the company invested in R & D in the first half of the year.
915 million yuan (+56.96 per cent) was much higher than the increase in income, with 17.37 per cent of R & D inputs. 492 products were obtained. Companies owned a large product pipeline and accumulated more than 90 products to the market, including the first 5.0t full-body imaging with a high MRI of umrjupiter 5t and uaifi.
Platform, pet/ct system miipanorama, new high-sensitivity high-resolution brain Pete system: neuroexporer (nx). Corporations release equity incentive schemes to release confidence in corporate stability: August 14th.
The Department issued its first equity incentive scheme since it was listed, proposing to award $4 million in equity shares to the incentive audience, and the plan to award 1,595 incentives for the first time, which will facilitate the establishment and soundness of the Galaxy company review _ 22 years and one quarter of 23 years.
Review: Continuing breakthroughs in high-end products, promising medical equipment, long-term incentives to attract and retain high-quality personnel, and full mobilization of company staff; in addition, corporate shareholders and senior executives have voluntarily extended locks for a period of time, with commitments made since August 2023
Investment proposals: As a leader in the manufacture of home-grown medical imaging equipment, joint video medicine has a wealth of comprehensive product lines and advanced product performance. The policy of liberalization of short- and long-term domestic market allocation has been catalyzed, bottom-up national production has been replaced in the medium to long term, performance has grown robustly, and medium- and high-end products have increased significantly.
By product line, the ct line earned $2,094 million, an increase of 7.30 per cent over the same period; mr line earned $1,501 million because of seasonal fluctuations and, as the policy of increasing the index for the deployment of therapeutic equipment is in place, it is expected that during the second half of the year it will be at the forefront of the operations, of which mi, xr and rt are ranked first in the market and ct, mr, rt in the market.
The current revenue from services is 498 million yuan, an increase of 40.50 per cent over the previous year, and 9.45 per cent for services. The company is shifting from a simple equipment vendor to a full-scale solution provider, driven by a diversified income structure.
Figure 22,023h1 The share of revenues from the joint medical operations is, in second place, a small increase in the cost rate, with the sales of medium- and high-end products leading to an increase in the Māori ratio of R & D by $1 billion, with a management cost of 4.69%, and the increase in management costs is mainly due to increases in manpower costs and consultancy fees.
885 million yuan, a 75 per cent increase in the same year, R & D costs at 16.79 per cent, the rise in R & D costs is mainly due to the rising cost of R & D materials and manpower as companies increase their R & D inputs, the sales of end-products rose faster and companies achieved net interest rates of 17.83 per cent, which remained stable.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.