Medium-term performance supermarket expectations and continued increase in profitability
During the first half of the year, the company achieved a business income of 2,373 million yuan, a 23 per cent increase in the same year, and an increase in the return, mainly in the rapid release of high-profit storage Reversers operations.
2022h1, the company ' s reverse agent product was sold for a total of 3934,000 units, generating operating income of 1149 million yuan, an increase of 198.42 per cent over the same year, raising its share of total operating income to 48.91 per cent, becoming the company ' s top operating block.
The sales volume increased by 462.02 per cent over the same period, the storage capacity by 78.5 million and sales by 241.63 per cent over the same period, and the chain-to-net sales by 114,000 and sales by 91.1 per cent over the same period.
The revenue from the sale of storage-reversers products has increased exponentially, with a certain substitution of microreverse reversible groups, and future reverse-reverse product marketing structures are expected to be optimized and the Māori rate has increased further.
Overseas expansion has been successful, rich in product categories, ample space for expansion, and corporate reversible products have opened up rapidly in recent years, from the original Indian and American markets to more than 110 countries and territories today, in order to “autonomous brand + sticker”
The form of card production is a positive increase in market share. 2022h1, the company's inverters are sold mainly to overseas markets such as Brazil, the United States, and South Africa, while at the same time, the company has set up a Singapore subsidiary, Deyeinverter, which is radiating markets such as South-East Asia, the Middle East, and Australia.
The company is actively engaged in research and development, enriching the product categories, adding a new list of storage reversors with a low pressure of 16 kw series, a 3-high pressure of 15 kw series and a 3-high pressure of 50 kw series, and expanding the chain-based reversive power segment to 120 kw-150kw, forming a set of strings.
In terms of production capacity, the Tzu Creek Production Base has been built and is being used, and the company plans to invest $1.5 billion in construction clusters in the Sea Salt Economic Development Area of Zhejiang Province.
Industrial layout is expected to be further improved; competition increases risks; downstream photovoltaics, risks of fluctuations in storage demand; international trade walls; and international trade walls.
The University of Shanghai Transport has four years of experience in financial research, which is directed towards the storage of new energy sources.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.