Silicon operations remain high and high prices are expected throughout the year Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 1) 2020 report: corporate revenues of $44.2 billion in 2020, +17.69 per cent, parentage
+4.06%, net interest rate for motherhood is 8.16%, corresponding to +1.15 pcts.
In April 2020, real companies benefited from rising downstream demand, tight supply of high-purity silicon, and rising prices; at the same time, solar cell output increased considerably over the same period last year.
• Silicon prices have continued to rise, silicon operations have maintained a high level of Maori, battery operations are under pressure, silicon exports reached 866 million tons in 2020, an increase of 35.8 per cent over the same period, and battery shipments, 22.16gw, an increase of 66.2 per cent over the previous quarter, have benefited from the continued increase in silicon prices since last quarter.
According to pvinfo, the price of 20q4/21q1 is RMB 7.7.860 billion/tonne, respectively, and silicon is expected to correspond to the Māori rate of 48-53%. Battery tablets have increased costs as a result of rising prices of silicon tablets, resulting in less than expected gross demand and higher prices; recommenced overseas work is less than expected; and the impact of the epidemic has increased.
2. " Hua An Xinian Energy _ Industry Weekly _ Price Game " , which is at the bottom stage, popular, popular Chinese, Thai electronics.
Contact person: Sheng Yi, three years of buyer's industry research experience, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering wind and light voltage plates, new energy vehicles and traditional vehicles. Contact person: Beyeda, Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, National Scholarship and Work at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States of America, six years of lithium electricity.
Research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain. The information and information used in this report, using legal compliance information, is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in it will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.