This year, the silicon is expected to rise by 44.2 billion yuan a year, an increase of 17.69 per cent a year, a net profit of 3,608 million yuan a year, a decline of 88.16 per cent in the ring, in line with market expectations. Q1 net profits are projected for 2021.
Silicon material, battery fragments, significant growth, asset impairment, 2020 performance: in 2020, company multi-crystal silicon achieved 866 million tons (+35.79 per cent year-on-year) and battery and assembly 22.16gw (+66.23 per cent year-on-year).
1. Strategic Co-operation next city, where the employee shares are tied up for impairment losses, resulting in a significant drop in the four-quarter performance ring and the removal of impairment effects, is expected to result in the company ' s IV.2. Integrated Co-operation landing, with silicon silicon locked out.
Silicon supply and demand constraints continue to evolve, the average sales price of q2 is expected to move upwards, and next year supply and demand patterns will continue to be difficult to reverse: prices of silicon, which benefited from supply shortages, have continued to rise in early 2021 (q1 up to 3. " Battery Profiting Co-Operator " , q4 silicon.
At the beginning of April, the price of q2 silicon is expected to remain high as more and more silicons are released.
In 2022, according to our calculations, the effective production capacity of silicon material was about 710,000 tons (a 30% increase in comparison with the corresponding component 5.
Production is about 245gw, far below the release rate of silicon demand, and is matched to the expected increase in the end demand. The tight supply of silicon is expected to continue in 2022.
In the context of a tight balance, it is expected that the release of new capacity will significantly increase the company’s performance next year. Photovoltaic glass drops are expected to be higher than expected, end demand or accelerated recovery, and battery profit is expected to be restored: in March, under the double pressure of upstream price increases and lower downstream start-up rates, battery profit was severely squeezed,
The production line has begun to reduce production, and the short-term profit base has been largely confirmed. At the beginning of April, the price of 3.2/2.0 mm photovoltaic platinum was significantly reduced by 12/10 yuan per flat and the corresponding tax-bearing cost of the individual/double-bond components was reduced by 0.06.0.1 yuan per w. We expect that the cost will be passed to the component end, thereby facilitating accelerated recovery of the end demand.
As the output of the q2 component improves, the profitability of the company’s battery is expected to be restored. Uwentien scores, and then the average calculation of the final score is calculated as the market’s average investment.