Silicon performance has erupted and still falls short of expectations, with a full upward profit forecast that the price of silicon has risen faster since May and significantly more than anticipated at the beginning of the year, while companies are in Leysan, the bag.
At this point, we believe that there is a need to make an upward adjustment to the company’s profitability projections. Silicon price hikes drive a significant increase in profitability, and q2 performance is expected to increase in three digits on the same scale as the ring: this year, in the US.
With the combination of high light-voltage demand growth and large-scale expansion of silicon silicon, the supply and demand of the silicon chain has continued to increase, with the price of secret materials rising from RMB 85,000 per ton to RMB 210,000 per ton at the beginning of the year, driving companies to increase their profitability in the silicon industry, with net profits of q2 expected to grow by more than three digits per ring.
In the second half of the year, silicon prices were higher than expected. As a result of the project completion date, 1. Silicon drops and expansion speeds were released in the high climate. Recent end demand rigidity was reduced, silicon prices were stable and the market was generally expected to be silicon.
A sharp fall in prices is a necessary precondition for the release of the demand in the second half of the year. However, given the past two, 2. "Depreciation of assets has delayed performance, silicon picks up next year. "
3. "Strategic cooperation to the next city, with a clear period of stock-holding approval, we expect the price of silicon to fall or be very limited before the release of the new capacity at the end of the year.
The price of silicon is shown to be more profitable than the market would have expected.
Total annual supply of silicon 7-0.8 million tonnes, corresponding to silicon/cells, based on different thin slender progress assumptions 5. Battery plate profit lead, q4 silicon output 240-280gw, compared to the 2022 200gw+ expected additions (taking into account the compatibility ratio)
The supply-demand relationship is between a tight balance and a small excess. Considering the storage of silicon, and the degree of production elasticity that can be achieved through overhaul, with silicon production still having a high degree of certainty as compared to silicon, we anticipate that although the release of new energy will inevitably drive silicon prices back to a reasonable level, we anticipate that
Three things are expected: medium carbon and, in the context of this year, long-term expansion of the silicon chain is still limited. A large increase in production in the recent past has caused the market to worry about medium- and long-term silicon patterns, and we do not deny that the silicon chain has long life and supply.
The rigidity will be more cyclical, but it will also be characterized by high technical & financial barriers, and the difficulty of obtaining energy consumption indicators in carbon neutrals and settings will increase further, especially in areas with low electricity prices across borders.
Large-scale production capacity and expansion planning in Mon, Kawa, and Fifi is a full demonstration of forward-looking and pre-emptive advantage. Since the price of silicon in the second quarter has increased more than we had anticipated, based on our current rating of future silicon prices, the final score is then calculated on average and built as an average investment in the market.