Good growth in production and sales and continuous improvement in q3 performance - 3-quarter review of the company ' s third quarter report for 2020, with corporate gross operating income from the beginning of the year to the end of the reporting period
The Guangzhou Auto-Industry Group has won, 21.04 per cent increase in the same year, net profits attributable to shareholders of listed companies after deducting non-recurrent gains and losses Increases in revenue and net profits, q3 performance slightly exceeding expectations: the company achieved revenue in three quarters
Increases in both interest rates were higher than in the second quarter, with slightly higher performance than expected in the second half of the year. On the one hand, there was a marked recovery in domestic passenger vehicles, a significant increase in sales by companies in the third quarter, and a relative depth of 300 indicators.
This led to an increase in the size of the company, with a total of 58.26 million vehicles sold by the group, which was 14.6 per cent larger than the previous year, with Hiroshima, Hiroshima, Toyota and Hiroshima performing well, with lower sales resulting in a further increase in net profits at 10.4 per cent for the three-quarter period.
-3.63 pct/-1.97%, with sales rates falling by 0.54 pct, management costs falling, wide-broad-broad-broad-broad-broad-broad-broad-breathing new energy sources are expected to grow at a high rate: for the last two years, under the influence of the industry and the age of the core car, the wide-breed-breathing brand was losing in 2019.
Autonomous brands are expected to lose $2.7 billion in January-September 2020, and there are still pressures to actively adjust brand strategies in the face of pressure and challenge companies, to build a new gpma platform and to launch new models, and to develop new energy sources and smart network cars, and to boost new energy sales.
_aaa_Board group (601238) covering the first report, with the continuous innovation of the brand and the high energy growth of the brand, ownership brand _aaa_Bomb group (601238)
Stable growth of the solar system, and steady cash flow from alliances and joint ventures: solar brands rely on good product performance, high value preservation, and Cho Chunlin as domestic competitions intensify and growth slow.
The advantages of a good fuel economy are widely appreciated in the country, and the rate of increase in the production and sale of Honda, Honda, Honda and Toyota has kept the industry ahead of schedule. In January-September 2020, with the contribution of a strong solar-coupled enterprise, group investment returns amounted to $7.66 billion, compared to $7.6 billion.
Growth of 2.06 per cent. In the short term, the abundance of the Honda, Toyota Toyota product is expected to be protected 1. Growth in revenue collection and net profit growth has increased, with a slightly higher than expected q3 performance.
One billion yuan, a 0.27 per cent increase in the same year, the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $5.02 billion, a 21.04 per cent increase in the same year, and slightly out-performing market expectations. On the one hand, there was a marked recovery in domestic passenger vehicles in the second half of the year, and a marked increase in corporate sales in the third quarter, which led to an increase in the size of corporate collections, with total group sales of 58.26 million vehicles, a 14.6 per cent increase in the same year.
Of these, Hiroshima, Hiroshima Toyota and Hiroshima were performing well, with sales of 23.21, 22.26 and 98.9 million vehicles, respectively, representing an increase of 29.8 per cent, 20.3 per cent and 9.5 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year; on the other hand, companies controlled costs and the cost rate for the period was further reduced, resulting in a further increase in net profit, with a rate of 10.4 per cent for the three-quarter period.
-3.63 pct/-1.97%, with sales rates down by 0.54 pct, management costs down by 2.33 pcct, finance costs, wide gas autonomy and the prospect of a high rate of growth of new energy sources.
In 2020, the q1-q3 autonomous brand is expected to lose $2.7 billion, and there are still pressures on the pressure and challenge companies to actively adjust their branding strategies, build a new gpma platform and launch new models, and make significant efforts to develop new energy sources and smart networks, with new energy sales of more than 5,000 vehicles and rising monthly sales starting in the second half of 2020.
Autonomous brands are expected to lose their potential as a result of the continuous innovation of the brand and the high energy growth power of the popular brand.3, the steady growth of the solar system, the contribution of alliances and joint ventures to stabilize cash flows. During the increasing competition in domestic cars and the slowing down of the growth rate, solar brands are based on good product performance and high value-added.
The advantages of a good fuel economy are widely appreciated in the country, and the growth rate in the production and sale of Honda, Honda, Honda and Honda has remained industry leader in the industrial cycle. In January-September 2020, the group, thanks to the positive results of the Japanese joint venture, earned up to $7.66 billion, an increase of 2.06 per cent. In the short run, Honda, Honda and Honda Toyotov products.
Wealth is expected to guarantee the stability of its sales; in the medium and long term, as capacity continues to expand, it is expected that its share of the market will increase further, as automobile sales fall short of expectations, as autonomous brands develop below expectations, and as new energy cars sell below expectations.