tclTechnology: Focus Panel, tclTechnology series 0217 tclTechnology: lcd cycle invertable with oled growth period, tclTechnology for Focus Panel, King of PV in China - New Age Electronics Group, for the first time covered with a `strongly recommended' rating.
tclT accomplishes brain terminal and accompaniment re-diversion, focusing on the semiconductor display and materials industry, and develops industry finance and investment operations with industrial pull. Currently, the lcd industry benefits from the exit of Korean capacity, the reversal of the cycle is set, and it is expected that tclT, as a leading firm in the domestic panel industry, will share industrial concentration after the winter.
• lcd: tv-lcd has a booming price cycle in which the world’s global lead in PV efficiency will fully benefit. Continental manufacturers have continued to expand their production of high-generation lcd production lines, the output of lcd has generally outpaced demand, prices of lcd have been falling steadily in recent years, the production lines of three stars, lg, etc., have continued to lose, and some of the lcd production lines have been shut down.
In the long run, we believe that, with the gradual phasing out of the high-generation lcd production line of mainland producers, and the gradual phasing out of sub-nationals or regions, the industry will be phased out and the competition pattern is expected to be significantly optimized.
Leading firms, leading the world in terms of efficiency, and the only company with a sustained profit in the industry since 2017 in the bottom-down cycle, are expected to benefit fully from the price hike of lcd. led: smartphones have continued to increase their penetration, and HPV has accelerated catch-up.
Compared to lcd, which shows a clear technological advantage, Led has become a high-end machine labeled under the lead of large factories like Apple and Samsung. We believe that the oled penetration rate will continue to rise as the 5g switch arrives, ihsmarkit predicts that soft aoled will reach 335.7 million in 2020, exceeding the hardened oed panel of 315.9 million, which will be in 2018.
We believe that domestic manufacturers are actively expanding their capacity, technology is improving, and the gap with Korean manufacturers will gradually narrow. At present, the company Wuhanled has come into production, and the amoled screen has entered the Mi10 supply chain, and we judge the company’s future delivery.
The prices of lcd did not rise as much as expected; the capacity of oled to climb less than expected and the risk of poor customer development.1 The prices of lcd continue to rise, as we expect;2 the capacity of company t6 to climb well;3 and the capacity of company t4 to climb well.
We differ from the market view: 1; the market has doubts about the price increase of lcd; and the sustainability.
We believe that the 2020 price of lcd will be higher than expected, and that the price increase of lcd will accelerate as a result of the Wuhan epidemic and the exit of South Korea’s productive capacity; with regard to sustainability, we judge that the price increase of lcd is not short-term, and that there will be a continuing cycle of increase.
We believe that the current build-up of the production capacity of the lcd is the last release of the panel industry and that, with the gradual realization of the high-generation production line of the continental manufacturer, and the gradual withdrawal of some countries or regions, the industry shuffling will be gradually completed, the pattern of competition is expected to be significantly optimized, and the cycle of the lcd later will be significantly reduced.
• Catalysing factors for stock price increases: 1; lcd prices continue to rise; 2; corporate amoled clients are recognized by large customers; lcd prices are not as high as expected; and oled production is not as high as expected and client development is at risk.
(1) lcd: Industry stoppages have arrived, and lcd is on the rise.
4 Profit Forecasts and Investment Proposal lcd: The industry stoppage has come, and lcd is the liquid crystal display. lcd is still the main material for display panels around the world and is constructed in two glass panels.
Liquid crystals, base plate glass with tft (film transistor tubes) and top plate glass with colour filters to control the direction of the fluid crystal molecules by changing signals and voltage on tft, thus reaching the tft-lcd liquid crystal panel manufacturing process, which controls the bias of each pixel point, with three segments: the array process in the front (array) and the box process in the middle (cell)
The array is designed to make millions of tfts, including film sedimentation and light engraved formations on the glass base; the box is a combination of array glass with colour filtered glass base plates, and the two base plates are injected into liquid crystals (lc); the assembly is a process of assembly and testing of boxes of panels with circuits, outer frames, back panels, etc.
Figure 1: lcd Basic Structures lcd: The industry turning point has arrived, and the lcd upscaling cycle lcd panels can be divided into a-si, igzo, ltps, etc. a-si is non-crystal silicon technology with high maturity, low cost, etc.
The point is that the brightness is not high and 90% of the global high-generation liquid crystal panel project is currently using a-si technology; gzo is a high-resolution, low-power, strong bending energy relative to a-si, but has a relatively short life and is sensitive to water, oxygen, etc.; ltps is a low-temperature multi-silica, which is superior to a-si technology, and has an advantage over ultra-minus, light weight, low-consumption power.
The disadvantage of higher resolution, faster response speed and brightness is that it is not yet possible to get a better view of the large-scale panel with more downstream applications, with tv accounting for the largest share of demand in downstream application subdivisions, 67 per cent of demand for lcd panels, followed by displays of 13 per cent, mobile phones of 3 per cent, 7 per cent, and others, according to ihs.
On the other hand, commercial displays accounted for 3 per cent, pen power for 5 per cent and vehicle for 1 per cent.
Large-scaleization is an initiative to increase demand on the tv panel. Global sales of tv have been maintained at 2.2 to 230 million in recent years, but the average size has continued to rise, rising by about one inch per year over the past few years, and this trend is expected to continue in the future. Meanwhile, the landscape of the network continues to improve, and we believe that the future smart screen and interactive screen series will grow rapidly, and that the hot sales of large screen products will be on the television panel.
In the next few years, the ratio of 55 inches to 65 inches will continue to rise. According to ihs projections, the ratio of 55/65 inches is expected to rise. Figure 4: Large size tv continues to rise.
The market for smart phones, tablets, and pc is saturated, and demand is slowing down. According to idc data, in 2019, the global fleet of smart hands is estimated to be 1,385 million, down slightly from 2018, and is expected to stabilize in the future at around 1.4 billion. In the short term, full screen penetration gives some room for growth in the demand for mobile lcd panels, with a full screen size of about 12.5% larger than conventional smartphone screens.
In the medium-to-long term, mobile panels are expected to be more than 90% more than 90% more than 2021. With the release of old capacity and the increase in market penetration, the demand for the ecclesiastical panels will be suppressed.
Stabilized at 13-16 inches. Flattops strategyanalytics are expected to drop in sales, about 130 million this year.
According to Ovieun, the total market size in 2018 will be 76.6 billion yuan, a 39% increase over the same period. Over the next three years, commercial aggregate growth will remain at around 29%, and other emerging markets, such as access to goods, medical care, transport, etc., will also have a large number of new business opportunities, according to ihs.
The office display, represented by the whiteboard, is growing rapidly, with about 650,000 deliveries this year, ihs projected to reach 2.6 million by 2020, with a compound growth rate of up to 92 per cent.
lcd: The industry has come, the lcd is on the rise, the manufacturing capacity: Korean manufacturers have continued to cut production, and the country's high-generation production line has continued to grow. The mainland manufacturer, lcd, has developed the process, Korean manufacturers have no advantage, and the lg and Samsung are pushing the product line from lcd to led and closing off part of the lcd production line.
In the face of the continent’s expansion, the company’s capitalists avoided the fierce competition of the tv large-sized panels and shifted their focus to areas such as commercial displays, vehicles, etc. The continent’s accelerated rise in the panel industry and continued global upgrading. In the future, as more 10.5 generations became operational, the production capacity of the mainland’s producers would increase.
According to corporate consulting data, China’s continental panel plant is expected to have more than 40% capacity in 2019 in the global LCD panel market, and is expected to have more than 50% in 2021. Figure 10: The continent’s lcd capacity ratio is rising gradually
lcd: The industry has come to the corner, and the large size of the lcd will mean efficiency. And for panel cutting, the number of cutlets will vary from base to base, and cutting is the best economic value. For example, given the 7- and 10.5-generation lines, the 7-generation line can only be cut if the two products are the same 65-inch cut.
Three panels were cut and the base was only about 64%, while the 10.5 line was able to cut eight panels and the base plate was used more than would be needed in the coming years. The increase in demand for the liquid crystal panel would be mainly due to an increase in the size of tv. The 8.5 generation line was cut 55 inches, and the 65 inch was made uneconomic. According to the current plans of the various manufacturers, by 2022 the tablets such as Tokyo East, China Star, lg, and Fujikan would become uneconomical.
The large plants will build seven new 10.5-generation plants in various locations, which will form the backbone of the additional production capacity of large-scale panels in the coming years. Table 3: Vendors competing for 10.5-generation lcd supply and demand: lcd price reversals, with price increases approaching
Large-scale supply continues to increase and prices continue to fall: the expansion of mainland producers has led to a sustained increase in product production above 55 inches since 2017, while demand has been weak and demand and demand has been significantly mismatched; 32 and 39-45 inches of product supply and demand are now falling to cash costs and short-term prices are expected to be stable: the continued decline in panel prices has led to major size tv panel prices
In terms of period, panel prices have been reversed, and in the medium to long term, considering the impact of increased domestic production and the exit of Korean capacity, we judge that the price of lcd is on the rise. Figure 13: Oversupply of large-scale products
Figure 14 Average price of large-scale liquid crystaltv panels - cash cost Icd projected future supply and demand ratio to increase by about one dimension per year, taking into account that the next few years will be a concentrated release period for large-scale panel production and a collection of large-scale panel production
On the basis of this scenario, we assume three scenarios for future growth in demand: the average size of the tv panel is increased by 1.0 inches per year, and the average size of the tv panel is increased by steady growth in emerging markets, such as commercial reality, vehicle load, etc., on the basis of which we raise the average size of the tv panel by 1.3 inches per year, and the average growth of emerging markets, such as commercial reality, vehicle load etc., on the basis of which we maintain steady growth.
• The average size of the tv panel is increased by 1.5 inches per year, while emerging markets, such as commercial realities, vehicles and so on, maintain a steady growth rate, which is the basis for table 4: Global panel demand area projections for lcd future supply-demand projections
Some of the producers changed their production plans and launched their restructuring plans under constant downward price pressures: because panel prices were already generally close to cash, the losses of the panelers continued to expand, some of the new production lines decided to delay production, while those in the existing production lines, including the regions of South Korea and Taiwan, began to seek to reduce their losses by reducing production or stopping production.
lcd Future supply and demand relationship projections Scenario 1 (formerly planned): assuming that all the manufacturers were in production according to their original plans, i.e., all of the seven new 10.5-ode panel panels were in production, with a total investment of approximately 7.35 million glass panels per month, resulting in a total panel supply of more than 87.3868 million square metres per year
Future supply scenario 2 (real situation): due to the current significant decline in panel prices, which has delayed or reduced some of the manufacturers ' investments in high-generation production lines, Shapquan State planned to produce production in September this year, but has delayed and spread the possibility of subsequent sale, while Sharp ' s investments in American plants have continued to shrink, with projected floor supply being reduced by 21.4 million square metres per year compared to the original plan
Future supply scenario 3 (consideration of implementation of a production reduction restructuring plan): previous discussion of industry losses in general due to large price declines, or further consideration of product line restructuring plans (tristar 7-2, l8-2-2 and gradual conversion to qd-led; lgp7 and p8 plant closure and gradual conversion to qd-led), if, according to our calculations,
Two manufacturers are on schedule, with a projected reduction of approximately 12 million m2 capacity/year in the 2020/2011 panel supply. lcd Future Supply and Demand Relationship Forecasts glut = Effective Supply Area/Scope of Demand-1, where supply oversupply is generally indicated by a supply demand index of more than 10 per cent, and supply shortfalls
In the future, the size of the tv panel will increase by 1 inch per year: it is expected that the supply and demand situation will improve significantly in the next two years only when Korean manufacturers restructure the lcd line. In the future, the tv panel size will increase by 1.3 inches per year: according to a realistic capacity adjustment plan, the industry will return to a level of demand and supply in 2020.
By the end of the year, however, the industry will again be oversupplying if the South Korean manufacturer continues to restructure the lcd according to the plan, and the supply and demand situation will improve significantly. With the 1.5-inch annual growth in the size of the future tv panel: the industry will grow further in 2020 according to a realistic capacity adjustment plan.
Lowering, the industry will return to a balance of supply and demand, and if Korean manufacturers continue to restructure, the supply and demand situation will result from a 1.3 inch increase. Figure 17: glut value under three different supply scenarios with a size increase of 1/1.3/1.5 in size of tv: industry turning points have arrived and lcd is on a price increase cycle
U.S.A.: Korea's manufacturer-led, mainlander-rapided catch-up with the PVE King, tcl Tech Launching > Profit Forecasts and Investment Proposals
The basic structure of the oled is to create a layer of millimeter thick light material on the too glass, the toto transparent electrodes and the metal electrodes as the anodes and the cathodes of the device, under certain voltage, from the cathodes and the caves, respectively.
The electrons and cave transport layers are moved to the luminous zone, where the encounter creates a luminescence and triggers the luminous molecules. The oleds are sorted by driver and can be divided into amoled and pmoled. The pmoleds are scanned to highlight pixels in the arrays, each of which is operated in pulse mode and glows for instantaneous heights, with the advantage that the process is simple and less costly.
The disadvantage is that it is not suitable for application on large size and high resolution panels and is not in line with development trends; amoled uses a stand-alone tft to control every pixel, each of which is capable of continuous and independent light, which has the advantage of driving low voltage, long-lived luminous components, and the disadvantage is that the process is complicated and the cost is not easy to control.
: The manufacturing process led by the Korean manufacturer, and accelerated by the mainland manufacturer, includes the back section, the front section, and the three-track process of the module segment. The back section process is driven by the formation of an ltps-driven circuit through film formation, exposure, etching of film layers with different materials from different graphics.
Lightware provides a light signal and a stable power input. The front-stage process protects organic luminous materials, such as cathode, through a high-precision metal mask (fmm), by plating them on the backboard, forming luminators in combination with a drive circuit, and then sealing them in an anaerobic environments.
The module segment process cuts off the enclosed panels into the actual product size, followed by processes such as radiative patching, control lines and chip matching, an ageing test and product packaging, and eventually presents the product in the hands of the client.
The advantage of Korea's manufacturer-in-chief and mainlander-in-time is clear. Instead of backlighting, it saves more power by spontaneous light. At the same time, it has every single color led to create a rich color. The brightness of every led pixel is controlled by the current.
Source filter blockers and filters. The oled screen has a better color reduction and a higher contrast than lcd. These features allow amoled to gradually replace the lcd screen. The oled displays new collars such as full screen phones, vr head displays, fold screen phones, curve displays, wearable devices, high-end vehicles, etc.
The area is growing rapidly. The main application is currently in small and medium size, and large-sized panels are only lig-efficient, high-end electricity, and the cost of achieving large dimensions is high at this stage. Table 6: The advantage of large-sized panels is clear.
It's not only lighter, lighter, bright, bright, bright, black, and bending, but also now.
The best solution to these fingerprints is that amoled is gradually replacing his cellular lcd screen. At the same time, limited to the size of the cell, smart phones have been the largest market for the cellular phone, 82% of the current year, market patterns, $28.7 billion, and are expected to expand further in the future.
The fee-payers agree, and as the process matures and costs decrease, the penetration rate for amoled has increased from 28% in 2017 to 41% this year, and according to the counterpoint forecast, the penetration rate will increase further next year, with more than 600 million mobile phone deliveries.
The flexible screens can be divided into "Foldable" and "Foldable" on the soft screens. The curved screens can be bended from a fixed angle, such as the three-star edge series of phones, with excellent visual effects.
ihsmarkit predicts that soft-aoled will reach 335.7 million by 2020, and that the volume of deliveries over the rigid-led panel will rise from 38.9 per cent in 2018 to 52 per cent. • Samsung, Huatsu and Zoo-Tech have successively released folded mobile phones, while the core technology behind the folding screen is the soft-led panel.
Above, given the current small number of energy-producing folders, only about 1.1 million have been delivered this year, so the penetration rate is low, with more panels joining in the future, and Witsview predicts that the penetration rate will reach 3.4 per cent by 2022. Table 7: Collapse screen phones or future trends
Figure 25: The share of flexible amoleds is gradually increasing.
There is a better reduction in the colour of television, which is currently expected to increase by 28 per cent in 2019, to 3.6 million in 2019, owing to the low rate of good and high cost, and the very low penetration of the market because of the large size of the board, which has only one lig. The main factor contributing to the decline in the annual rate of growth is projected to be 2.9 million pieces of television in 2018, based on group wisdom consultations.
lg has limited prenatal delivery capacity on the g8.5 generation line in Guangzhou. By 2020, the size of the global oed television panel will have risen to 4 million. The penetration rate will have risen to 3 per cent, the market value of the oed TV will have reached $10.5 billion in 2023, and the composite growth from 2018 to 2023 will have been higher.
The smart watch has been growing at a high rate in recent years, and this year's delivery is expected to be 626.3 million, with idc projected to grow by more than 20% per year by 2022.
8.9 million, an increase of 54.1% over the same period, and idc projected a breakthrough of 68.6 million and a composite growth rate of 66.7%, with a higher demand for fov (observation field) as a result of vr’s immersion experience, a greater need for the entire screen and a high resolution requirement.
Lighting has already taken the lead on BMW and Odys. Idtechex predicts that the global market will grow to $1.3 billion in 2023 and will grow by 40-50% per year.
Figure 28: Global smart watch and ar/vr head show rapid market growth
Commercial, soft-appled small-scale smartphones are in short supply, and 90% of the market is now supplied by the three stars. Television is supplied mainly by large-scale olids, and the large-scale olids in the east of Kyoto are already operational, and it is expected that future and ligd will continue to actively expand and upgrade production technology.
Set up, expected to produce up to 180,000 to 270,000 base plates per month in three years. The lgd Guangzhou Oed plant started work in 2017 and is now in the commissioning phase of quality, good quality, etc. energy production is expected to take place in the first quarter of next year.
The South Korean manufacturer led, the mainlander accelerated the catch-up, and the domestic manufacturer was very active in doing so. The year 2018, 2019 was the time when the domestic manufacturer was concentrated, and in 2019 alone, the country had 10 lines of production, most of which were flexible screen lines, with a total investment of more than $400 billion, and was expected to be full over the next two years.
80% of the additional capacity of the ball’s soft-led oled comes from mainland producers, and ihs expect China to be the second-largest supplier in the world after Korea by 2020, with a total capacity ratio of 28%.
In the lcd era, the share of Taiwan, Japan, and Japan was much lower, but the producers actively introduced new technologies on the oled panels, Japan, and Taiwan, expanding production capacity, and narrowing the gap with South Korean manufacturers. Sharp, Yoda, and Fujikang produced eight lines in 2018 and 2019. Japanese manufacturers wanted to move beyond the technological advantage.
Joled has achieved its first print-based oled in the fourth quarter of this year, which represents a significant increase in efficiency relative to traditional plating, and is expected to produce up to 20,000 units per month in the coming year.
The excellent visual effects of amoled in 2017 and 2018 allowed it to penetrate rapidly, but the lack of process maturity and the high cost of the same period kept the market in a state of supply and demand. In 2019, mobile phones were still dominated by three-star supply, with production projected at around 2.4 million pieces, with the market accounting for about 85%.
If, according to the manufacturer ' s plan, the China Commercial Industry Institute expects to complete production of these six-generation soft-led panels in 2021, at a good rate of 60 per cent of the active production level, with a total output of about 6 inches of amoled screens with a total capacity of 650 to 700 million pieces, similar to the 720 million amoled mobile phones projected by ihs.
In fact, because the domestic manufacturer's soft-led panel is still climbing at a good rate, by 2021, the actual volume of shipments may still be far from planning production capacity. And, with the rise of new areas such as flexible apparel equipment, vehicle displays, etc., it is expected that the supply and demand situation will improve gradually.
Icd: The industry has come, and it's about to rise the price cycle.
>Profit Forecasts and Investment Proposal 3.1 Strategic Reorganization, with a focus on semiconductor tcl, which was established in 1981 and started with a home power business, with the former company owning four listed companies: PVW, tcl
On April 15, tcl technology received the full value of major asset restructurings, smart terminals and accompanying operations, and companies completed their official statements.
After restructuring, the company was transformed into a high-tech production group, while capital structure was optimized, net assets increased and asset-liability rates dropped to 60.3%; restructuring brought operating cash up to $7.610 billion and capacity for sustainable development.
Figure 32: The pre-reorganization of the tcl group ' s main structure (Report 2018) 3.1 Strategic Reorganization, with a focus on semiconductors, shows that the company ' s semiconductor business industry is well structured. The company ' s deep-cultivated televisions have been in business for many years, with extensive panel production and research and development experience
At the same time, companies are showing good business industry chain layouts, ranging from upstream oled material development and display module development to manufacturing end-of-end PV, to concentrated technology focused on advanced technology research to ensure that essential links are not entirely dependent on external suppliers for supply, which is very conducive to ensuring industry competitiveness and the ability to counter risks.
The tcl group built on the lcd/oled panel of Chinese PV. The Chinese PV achieved 15.3 million square metres in 2018, selling 118 million pieces, an increase of 106 per cent in comparison, and sales revenue of $24.560 billion, an increase of 28.7 per cent, and achieved figure 34: tcl focuses on semiconductors showing operations after reorganisation.
Table 11: China Star PV 208, semiconductor display and materials, HPV
Fluorescent PV tft-lcd/ctp display module for printing oled materials development
PV printing and flexible display technology oled/lcd display panel
3.1 Strategic reorganisation, with a focus on semiconductor displaying the business Company semiconductor business industry chain layout: X-ray power, X-ray light power (00334.hk) provides an lcd display module mainly for Chinese star photovoltaics, mainly for small and medium size display modules.
In the first half of 2019, the Chinese model manufacturer was ranked fifth in terms of sales of the Chinese module, with major products including non-fixed modules, on-cells, in-cells and other appliance models, which are now dominated by light high end in-cell matches, while in the first half of 2019, the lcd module produced 49.6 million pieces, representing an increase of 182.3 per cent, of which the in-cell module accounted for 62 per cent and generated a total of 3.52 billion yuan.
Hwa Hsing and Hsing together form a panel odm model, which has been aligned with Samsung, Hsiao, Mi, vivo and oppo, and Hsi Hsi Hsiung is actively developing amoled calibration module processes, with a new module growth point expected as a result of the mass production of the Hsiung amoled production lines. As the core device of the last ring of the panel production process displays modules, Hsi Hsi is the tcl display.
An important part of the industrial chain also ensures the self-sufficiency of the supply of key products. 3.1 Strategic restructuring, with a focus on semiconductors, shows the industry chain layout of the company's semiconductor business: luminous photovoltaic.
Fluorescent photovoltaics are dedicated to the autonomous development and application of the source luminous materials, including general plating and advanced printed small-molecular materials. Over 500 new materials have been developed, more than 110 patents have been accumulated, and 75 international pct patents have been patented.
Using fluorescent materials, red light uses phosphorous light materials [1]. Of this, the lifetime of the sane green-light main body and red-light passenger material has been achieved industry leads and is expected to produce at the same time as the t4 of the star in 2019. oled luminous materials are important end materials. Market size reached $560 million in 2018, an increase of 38.6 per cent compared to the 38.6 per cent increase in the number of luminous materials produced by oled.
In this context, Wigeny, which has not yet supplied a large quantity of materials, can ensure that its research and development capacity can provide some of the alternatives to tcl’s key materials in times of bad external environment.
Industrial finance and tcl capital have been retained since the company's reorganization. tcl capital includes tcl innovating, new and emerging, group in direct investment and Chung Harbour.
China and Hong Kong have more than 110 listed companies. Hong Kong's capital provides financial services to Hong Kong-owned enterprises that operate and service Hong Kong, and can support the group's overseas business expansion, merger and restructuring.
Group finance provides financial support and risk management around the semiconductor chain of core business and upstream and downstream industries, improves asset efficiency, and minimizes financial costs. Supply chain finance can provide financing services to companies’ core supply chain enterprises, effectively reducing financing costs, and mitigating supply chain risks.
Figure 39: tcl capital investment path 3.3 Productive capacity continues to strengthen market position Restructured tcl technology is based on the production of oled/lcd panels of PV, which is growing rapidly.
With six production lines, currently dominated by large-size panels, the tft-lcd project, with 8.5 generations of t1 and t2, mainly produces 32-65 inches of display panels; and the t6 and t7 11 generations of tft-lcd/oled project, which is also the current production line for the highest generation of liquid crystal panels, t6 is now produced in volume and the main product is still mainly a television panel, but its size will increase further to 75. t7
Large-scale panel capacity grew rapidly. t1 was expanded from 120k/day in 2011 to 160k/month this year to become the largest g8.5 line in the world. In 2013-2018, large-scale capacity grew from 650,000 m2 to 1.7 million m2, with a 21% composite growth rate and 3.3 productive capacity continued, consolidating market position.
The market is strong in the area of large-sized panels, which are different from those located in the east of Kyoto. The panel industry is the leading firm in the area of size, from size to size, from lcd to old, and the tcl product is focused on segmenting the market, making great strides in the area of segmentation. It is currently ranked second in the 55-inch television panel, second in the field of the 86-inch whiteboard, and second in the field of 32-inch electric competition.
With consumer demand for screens, 55 inches and above, the projected global volume of shipments of 55 inches and 65 inches in 2019 was 61 million, or more than 27, and ihs projected 44 per cent of the 55 inches and above in 2023, of which 55 inches and 65 inches would be 35 per cent by virtue of their higher cutting efficiency, thus maintaining stability in the area of this high breakdown.
3.3 Productive capacity continues to strengthen market position, small-sized panels produce and harvest rapidly. China's small-sized panels produced 87.7 million pieces in 2018, a 200% increase in the same year.
It is expected to produce 1.6 million m2 this year, and it is expected that by 2023, small-scale production will be the 6-generation flexible ltps-appled panel production line for the country’s first major folding screen. The first highlight of June 2019, with production in December, is expected to reach the first production plan of 15k/month in March.
Quarterly production of the third phase, with capacity of 45 k/month, will result in annual output of nearly 1.16 million m2moled smartphone display panels that will meet the global total demand for 5 per cent of the amoled smartphone screen.
To date, t3 screens have entered the supply chains of five of the top six brands of global export volume, fully productive, and have become the basis for generating profits. In the first half of 2019, the t3 project became the world’s largest smartphone, ltps, with the second largest market share of the world’s smartphone, ltps-lcd.
The blind-hole technology for real-scale screens is now 90% or more of the t3 product. T3 is not only efficient at cutting, but also capable of producing high-end displays, such as super-scrambed border alien screens, and of showing good performance features that match the needs of future vehicle traffic displays.
The vehicle vehicle at ltps shows the world's number one. Figure 44: Chinastar PVlps-lcd smartphone panel output up to the world's second figure 45:ltps-lcd blind technology and the Chinese PVlcd vehicle screen 3.4 maintains high levels of research and development inputs, maintaining technology leadership
Corporate investment in R & D continues to grow. The panel industry is a highly industrial barrier-intensive and technology-intensive industry, with R & D investment of R & D of R & D of R €3.28 billion in the three quarters of 2019, accounting for 13.3% of revenues, and tcl science and technology now has nearly 8,000 R & D and more than 10 joint laboratories in 26 developing countries worldwide.
The tcl Polytechnic is the central research institute of the group, with more than 5,000 sets of internationally advanced development software, instruments and equipment; three cnal national product certification laboratories; six joint laboratories with internationally recognized companies; one postdoctoral workstation; and the number of external experts introduced in recent years has increased year by year, doubling this year to 33 compared to last year, including national-level talent such as the “One Thousand People Project”.
As of the third quarter of 2019, tcl had 61,234 global patent applications, 39,011 domestic, 11067 foreign patents, and 9788 international patent applications. In particular, 822 public patents in the area of quantum dots luminescent, the second largest in the world. Figure 46: Sustained growth in corporate R & D inputs
tcl shows clear technical planning on the panel: first, the application scene will be further expanded in the more mature ltps-lcd technology, including the icd hex screens, blind-hole technology, medium-sized vehicle/pentocular technology, and continuous optimization of hva technology on large scales; second, the oled will be used to speed up the t4 production line.
In addition, in the area of emerging technology, the company has produced its miniled television product in 2019, planning to produce it by 2022; and in the field of printing under the company’s banner, the g4.5 printing of technology in Guangdong Juhua shows a public open platform for technology integration and R & D.
It has been set up and is expected to produce output by 2023; in addition, in quantum point technology, the number of corporate patents is the second highest in the world and the number of world leaders living with Samsung is the number one; the company plans qled printing and direct transmission on tft in 2024 and beyond will achieve capacity.
Figure 48: A road map for PV technology in China High migration rate deep-energy-grade vehicle transfer material — electro-luminous device film interface analysis technology
Soluble electronic transfer layer material thin-film high-transparent conductor material 3.4 continuously improves R & D inputs and maintains technology leadership
Itps-lcd continues to broaden its application: itps-lcd is a more mature technology, both large and small, and therefore, in mature areas, it seeks to expand its applications in more emerging areas. In small screens, it is directed primarily at three areas: real full screens, touch recognition and dynamic frame frequency.
Power. And it will be layoutd in the area of high frame-rate pen displays. Hva technology is used on large-scale panels. hva is a verticalignment multi-tension vertically-oriented screen, compared to normal ips screens, contrasts, penetration rates are all up, while hva technology is able to achieve a narrower border.
The advantage is that it is very suitable for high-end television screens, which are mounted on Samsung's flagship and high-end television products. In addition, Hva technology is used to achieve a higher frame-up rate of over 240hz, which is suitable for electronic screen products.
Figure 50: The advantage of hva vis-à-vis ips is evident in 3.4.
Amoled's penetration rate will increase gradually in the future, ihs are expected to reach 600 million next year, and China Star is actively developing new technologies while accelerating t4 production capacity. With 1,161 pct technologies in the field of oled, the softness of the old screens in the areas of borders, pixels, and cameras under screen, the edges are now the narrowest in the industry.
Meanwhile, 2019 is the year of folding screens, where ihs expect to deliver 50 million mobile phones in 2021. With many soft folding screen products on the market in 2020, the flexibility of Chinese optics will contain static and dynamic bends, and support applications such as inward folding or outward flipping, which can be held in one hand. With innovative folding structures, it will be possible to achieve both the outer radius and the outer radius.
Figure 51: Company-related patents 3.4. Continuously increasing R & D inputs and maintaining technology leadership
The mini-led backlight covers directly mixed with a reloaded miniled chip, without the need for a lens to perform a secondary optical design.
The first 75-inch 8-kminiled screen was released in August 2019, creating many industry records, and using glass-based panels for the first time.
The replacement of the pcb board as a led backboard significantly reduces the number of driveics on the backboard and reduces the cost of manufacturing; for the first time, the active matrix (activematrix/am) driver is matched with tens of thousands to tens of thousands of backlight partitions, resulting in better image performance. The tclstar premiere miniled product has reached its level of production and is expected to achieve full production by the second quarter of 2020.
3.4 Continuously improve R & D inputs, maintain technological leadership, and actively present the next generation of advanced technology and materials: the print oled is perfected up and down. The company produces a print oled below Guangdong to show technology integration and public openness to R & D.
On the basis of the above-mentioned luminous photovoltaic research and development of print-led materials, downstream investment in print-led equipment company Kateeva, the US technology firm, has created a closed link between R & D and production. Currently, the world and Japan are two-dimensionally capable of producing printed-led panels, and the world’s first 31-inch uhd top launching/mixing device structure has been developed to show qled.
The print-based manufacturing process is that the liquid luminous material, like a printer, is carefully painted on the base plate. The print-based oled does not need a sophisticated mask, so it can be printed randomly; the material is very well used, at 95%, with the remaining 5% adjusted; the test avoids a great deal of waste and lower costs, while the plating process uses up to 20% of the material; printing is also easy and soft.
The foundations are combined with light, thin and soft features. 3.5 Efficient management, tcl technology continues to be profitable, and the company with the global leading industry management level and the global efficiency lead. Of these, the optic power ebitda has a profit margin of 28 consecutive seasons.
In the first three quarters of 2019, tcl's overall profits remained profitable since 2017 in the downward cycle of the panel.
Figure 57: China Star photovoltaics remain profitable. lcd: industry has come, lcd is on the rise.
"3" PVE Master, tcl technology giants, "4" profit predictions and investment proposals, slightly restructured to focus on the semiconductor display and materials industry, and industry-driven development of industry finance and investment.
Currently, the lcd industry benefits from the exit of South Korea’s productive capacity, and the cycle has been reversed and will be on the rise, and we believe that tcl technology, as a leading firm in the domestic panel industry, is expected to share the long-term profit dividend of increased concentration and cyclical weakening after the winter. For the first time, it covers, and gives, “a strong recommendation” rating.
>lcd: Industry stoppage has arrived and lcd is on the rise.
4 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations lcd price increases below expected risk; oled capacity climbs below expectations and client development risks. tclTechnology: summary financial projections
tclTechnology: summary financial projections