The yellow chicken price has risen, three seasons have warmed up.
Winch shares issued performance forecasts for the first three quarters of 2017, and the company expects to realize a net profit of $4.43 billion attributable to shareholders in listed companies by the third quarter of 2017, down by the same year.
During the first half of the year, the company was affected by the closure of the H7n9 live poultry market, and the poultry industry as a whole was depressed, and the chicken plate lost. Since the beginning of the third quarter, the pre-h7n9 impact has largely subsided, with environmental stress and industry losses leading to a clean production and consumption season.
The demand growth has led to a marked improvement in the supply-demand relationship between the market and the market. The current selling price of yellow chicken is $8.00, which represents a significant increase in market prices of $4.5.00 in the first half of the year.
The size of the pig has expanded and contributed to the steady return The size of the pig-breeding plate of the company has increased steadily over the last three quarters, and the prices of the pig have rebounded slightly. The company has sold 465,47,000 meat pigs in the third quarter, an increase of 10.73 per cent over the same period.
1. Bi-annual review of Winch Shares (300498): 14.43 yuan for livestock contributions of $7,869 million, with an average weight of 117.16 kg in the column, in line with 2 and 300,498 for " Winch " : farming giants, industry.
The company's business is growing steadily, mainly in the form of a light asset development model called “Corporate + Shopkeeper” and some of the direct shops are playing a major role as models. This year, the business has expanded to Guangzhou, East and East.
In cities such as Xiangqing and Zhaoqing, more than 100 live-in shops are now operating, owners are largely profitable, with an average Māori of around 20%, and the number of shops is expected to reach 200 throughout the year.
Wen’s share (300,498): yellow chicken prices are warming, three seasons are up, corporate chains are expanding downstream, helping to contain livestock price volatility, internalize profits, and further enhance teamwork and corporate profitability. The continued warming of yellow chickens’ performance leads to better performance rings, piglets contribute steady returns, and we watch the company’s industrial chains go downstream.
The source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the share of Wen: yellow chicken prices are warming and three seasons of performance are rising.
Master ' s degree in accounting, studies in agriculture and food and beverages in 2008 in all acceding countries, in 2011 in Anshin securities, in food and beverages, in 2013 in East Hing securities, and in nine years in food and beverages.
Xing Poetry Month, University of Maryland, USA, Master of Finance, in 2017, joined the East Hing Portfolio for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.