Shanghai Airport: Main business growth, good performance growth trends, good growth trends, performance growth trends.
In the first half of 2019, the company achieved operating income of $5.455 billion, an increase of 21.11 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $2.700 billion attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 33.54 per cent in the same year, and a positive growth in the performance of the company per share.
In the first half of 2019, the Pudong Airport completed 255,576 aircraft landings, compared to market performance at higher stock prices (nearly 12 months)
The civil aviation industry will continue to maintain a good atmosphere for some time to come.
The central hub airport, Pudong Airport, will be in a state of high activity and resource scarcity, and the commercial value of the flow, and the profitability of non-air operations, will open up greater market space for enhancing the profitability of the airport ' s non-air operations.
The Division achieved non-aeronautical income of $3.43 billion, or 62.90 per cent, an increase of 35 per cent over the same period, of which: Shanghai Airport [on-line]: high revenue from commercial rentals 2.770 billion dollars, or 50.85 per cent, or 46 per cent, from the same year, the tax-free shop project
This increase, which is seen as a positive development for the A.S.A.A.A., has effectively contributed to the growth of the airport ' s A.A.A. revenue as a percentage of the A.A.A. revenue has continued to rise.
Shanghai Airport [online]: stable volume of business, higher percentage of non-international and transit passengers, better development of non-air operations, faster growth of commercial operations expected for companies. 2018-10-30
The "System Forwarding" hub has a strong value, a business uplift, a business uplifting company with long-term development space and good growth potential as an international aviation hub.
However, while the new facility will be operationalized with additional costs, the increased profitability of the non-aerial business will cover the additional costs, making the company’s performance constantly rising. It is expected that the company will be in a better position to make profits in the period 2018-2020 and after 2021. Given the high quality of the company’s assets, it can do so.
The company has been given a large moat, with steady and steady growth in aviation operations, good growth and profitability in non-air operations, and the maintenance of the company’s “increasing” investment rating.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.