Phillipcapital Shanghai Airport (6000009.ch) with excellent non-aerial performance, more than 30% in six months.
In the first half of the year 2019, the Shanghai airport released a report on the company's current operating income of $5.455 billion, which is 21.11 per cent more than the previous year.
Target price: rmb93 (+10%) General stockholders (million shares): The production of Shanghai Airports in the first half of the year was well-directed, with aviation revenues of $2,024 million, a year-on-year increase.
Highest/minimum 52 weeks (in Hong Kong dollars): 3.0 per cent, of which 879 million yuan, or 2.1 per cent more than the previous year, benefited mainly from an increase of 1.92 per cent in aircraft movements and landings, and 1,145 million yuan in passenger and mail revenues, or 3.77 per cent more than the previous year, benefiting mainly from the same rate of passenger absconding.
In the first half of the year, the number of passengers in China rose by 4.2%, with international and regional arrivals continuing to be the country’s number one. In the light of the increasing size of the broad-body system, we predict that aviation revenues will remain low at the same rate as in the Shanghai Airport Limited.
In the first half of 2019, the company ' s non-avigational income increased by 35.1 per cent, representing a significant share of total revenue.
62.9% of this amount was recorded in commercial catering revenues of $2.77 billion, which rose by 46.0% annually, and other non-aerial revenues of $660 million, which grew by 2.7% annually, starting in the first quarter of 2019, the Pudongt 2 terminal started using a new rate of 42.5%, a significant increase of 17.5 percent from 25% in 2018, compared to the tax-free sales of Shanghai Airports in the first half of the year.
At about $7 billion, about 27% of the same increase, the increase in the rate of deductions and sales greatly boosted the profitability of non-aerial businesses at Shanghai Airports, which is the main driving force behind the increase in performance. Tax-free stores will be opened and t2 will enter the country in the fourth quarter of this year. Tax-exempt businesses will continue to expand, and tax-exempt revenues from Shanghai Airport will continue to grow.
Source: alastock, phillipsecurities(hk)research has fallen, and the Māori rate has continued to grow. Total business costs have increased by the same 9.3 per cent in the first half of the year, down from 11.9 percentage points of income growth, the overall Māori rate being raised over the same period last year.
The cost of the sale of the old was reduced by 11% from 5.0 to 56.4%, as part of the fixed capital fell due to the expiration of the old age limit, and the cost of the depreciation fell by the same amount.
The three-phased expansion of the Pudong airport s1s2 is expected to be launched in September this year, with an additional 9062 square metres of tax-free space, and a new 1,000 square metres of tax-free space at the t1, t2 terminal, which is also expected to increase passenger shopping experience and fully release the company as a valuation premium for the Dragon Head New airport.
In addition, the recent Shanghai Trade Zone New Zone General Program has offered to support the construction of a world-class airline at the Pudong International Airport, and to build a regional aviation base and a regional aviation express international hub to serve as a new Shanghai aircraft for air traffic.
On the basis of the robust non-aerial revenue growth forecast, we adjusted each share of the ebitda forecast for Shanghai airport in 2019-2020 to raise the target price by 93 yuan, with a split value of 23/22 times the value, maintaining an “upscaling” rating.
We're going to have to do this, and we're going to have to do it, and we're going to have to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we's.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Only. philipsecuriteshasnotverifiednorsinformationandnorepresentationorwarranty, expressorimplied, Ismathatsuchinformationorresearchacurate, completeorverifieorsouldbelieduponsuch.anissuchinformationorresearchorcontainmentandpublicispubissuespubjecttochange.indoevenevential
philipsecritiesbeliableforanyspecial, indirect, incidentalconsequentialdamageswhoichmaybeurredfuseoftheinformationorresearchmade available, evenifithasbeenadvisefthepossibilityofsuchdamages.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
2019 philipsecurities (longkong) limited companynameinatingcoverage containing company
♪ Singapore malaysia japan ♪
philipcapicalmanagesdnbhd philipsecuritiesjapan, ltd phillipsecuritiespted
250thbridgeroad, #06-00rafflescitytower, b-3-6blockblevel3, meganavenueii, 4-2nihonbashikabutocho, Chuo-ku
No.12, jalanyapkwanseng, 50450kualumpur indonesia china
India ptphillipsecuitsindonesia phillipfinancialadvisory (shanghai)co.ltd.
philipcapital (india) privatelemited anztøwerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a, no.1, 18thbroor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg,
Jakarta 10220, indonesia
I'm sorry, I didn't tell you, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
king and shaxsonltd. 15thbroor, vorawatbuilding, 849silomroad, 3rdfloor, 35ruedelabienfaisance
6thloor, candlewickhouse, 120 cannonstreet silom, bangrak, bangkok 10500thailand 75008parisfrance
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, srilanka phillipfuturesinc.
Ashaphillipsecuritiesmited level10, 330 collinsstreet level4, millenniumhouse, 46/58 naavamawatha,
The chicagoboardoftradebuilding colombo2, srilanka chicago, l606004usa
Longkong phillipsecurities(hk)ltd 11/fedcentre95queenswayhongkong