In the second half of the year, the satellite agency became operational, and in the first half of 2019, the company achieved a business income of $5.46 billion, an increase of 21 per cent in the first half of 2019; the net return to the mother was $2.70 billion.
Thirty-four per cent increase over the same year; net gains of $2.65 billion increased by 31 per cent over the same year. In the first half of the year, 25.60 million guaranteed aircraft flights were flown and landed, representing an increase of 1.9 per cent over the same period; passenger traffic increased by 3.82 million, or 4.2 per cent over the same period.
Aerial revenues grew steadily, and production data for q2 slowed down. In the first half of the year, companies achieved aviation revenues of $2 billion/+3 per cent, a relatively smooth increase. Of this, 255,000 flights/+1.9 per cent were flown from January to June, and low-digit growth was maintained.
This represents a 4.2 per cent increase in volume q2 alone and a deceleration in overall production and business data due to the downside of the domestic macroeconomics: q2 landings/passenger throughputs slowed down to 1.4 per cent/3.4 per cent, respectively, in terms of passenger structure, and the international + geographical area saw an increase of 0.2 pct over the same year.
Increased efficiency of duty-free operations + the implementation of new withholding contracts accelerates the growth of non-air revenue. Benefited from the increase of more than 30% in the first half of the year in duty-free sales at the Pudong Airport and the increase in the proportion of sales deductions after the implementation of the new tax-free contract, the airport achieved revenue of 2.77 billion yuan/+46% of commercial catering revenue at Shanghai, raising the share of total revenue by 5 pct and driving the company Māori
The rate rises by 5 pct. According to our previous in-depth reports, we expect a rapid increase in duty-free sales at Shanghai Airport in the first half of this year, mainly as a result of an increase in passenger tax-free shopping conversion rates, which are now estimated to be 20-30% for Pudong Airport passengers, and 40-50% for Hong Kong airport arrivals.
With the opening of the Pudong Satellite Hall in the fourth quarter of this year, tax-free operations have been expanded, the commodity structure has been optimized, and there is still room for further improvement in the rate of tax-free shopping conversion of passengers at Shanghai Airport. The advertising business has grown rapidly, with investment returns contributing about 16% of its performance.
Oil company revenues and profits grew robustly by 2/3 per cent each over the same period; De Götgöhung growth was strong, income/profit costs as a whole stabilized and operating and labour costs increased faster: business costs increased by 9.3 per cent in the first half of the year, with a higher share of labour costs, operating maintenance costs and the same ratio
1. Shanghai Airport (60009): q1 performance growth is tax-free 11/15 per cent and amortization costs are reduced by the same amount due to depreciation of part of the fixed assets due to depreciation years and lower depreciation costs
2. Shanghai Airport (60009): Tax-exempt-driven income growth, exemption from the opening of tax-free shops in Shanghai, limited short-term impact, long-term prospect of becoming a tax-free market in Shanghai
At present, the off-shore duty-free shop in Shanghai has opened and, according to previous grass-roots studies, only foreign travellers are supported to make duty-free purchases at the shop, and the prices are consistent with the airport, with fewer brands/goods than the airport. From the point of view of shopping patterns and processes, the city will be free from duty-free shopping in the city before it is completely liberalized.
Inner shops will be able to support the “shopping patterns of domestic reservation, airport payments,” but since the passenger payment chain is at the airport, we expect that the revenue will continue to be credited to the airport, with no substantial impact on the tax-exempt rent at Shanghai airport. In the long run, as duty-free shopping penetration in the country is still low, the future will be expected.
In the context of reasonable planning by operators, the overall increase in duty-free shopping penetration is expected to provide the impetus for a common increase in duty-free sales at airports and within the city. As the country’s best hub airport, the far-reaching Shanghai airport, provides a significant level of duty-free retailing, and we expect that Pudong airport will be exempted within the foreseeable time frame.
Revenue from tax sales is expected to reach more than $30 billion (detailed by participation in our previous airport exemption depth report), corresponding to a net profit of nearly $10 billion if, by reference, tax-exempt sales are not as high as expected; growth is not always as expected; tax-exempt airport sales are hit after tax-free opening in the city.
The analysis logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.