Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) of potassium fertilizer: further digestion of stocks to secure sales, measuring the contribution of potassium fertilizer to the performance of $6.8 billion
Volume: In the first half of the year, 2.96 million tons of potassium fertilizer were sold, or 2.64 million tons, and stocks fell from 476,000 tons at the beginning of the year to 156,000 tons; q2 tons of potassium fertilizer was sold to 1.51 million tons. In response to this year’s shortage of copious potassium, the company has steadily expanded potassium fertility to cover a steady price. This year, potassium fertilizer is planned to produce 5.7 million tons.
Company prices compared to the trend of 300 depths: first half of the year the price of potassium fertilizer was on the way, the price of the country's large potassium fertilizer contract was $590, and 95% of the public's current price of potassium chloride was $4,480 per ton.
Lit: Assuming a single ton of full costs of $1,300 and a single ton price of $3,600, potassium fertilizer in the first half of the year contributed $6.8 billion. Lithium salt: high prices, 30,000 tons of production in the blues, releasing higher profits
Volume: Lithium salt sales in the first half of the year, 1.53 tons of production, increased from 3435 tons at the beginning of the year to 3684 tons; q2 lithium salt sales, 0.82 million tons. With 20,000 tons of electric carbon, the company ' s carbon and lithium acid production capacity reached 30,000 tons, and 20,000 tons of project products have been powered since mid-June.
Pool-level standard, the current company ' s daily production of lithium carbonate is stable at over 100 tons, with a projected price of lithium carbonate for the entire year: the company currently sells lithium carbonate at a price of 460,000 yuan per tonne, based on the average sales price for the first half of the year, assuming a full cost of 45,000 yuan per ton and a price of 34.4 million yuan per ton for the first half of the year.
Lithium salt operations contributed $2.3 billion. • Stabilization of potassium, expansion of lithium, development of a clear strategy for sodium and steady progress in the construction of a world-class salt lake industrial base
As a result of the combined effect of the stock engineering and incremental engineering, the first half of the year saw an increase of 50 million cubic metres over the original halogen collection during the same period last year and an increase in potassium chloride from 1.2 per cent to 1.4 per cent.
The investment of $7 billion to build 40,000 tons of lithium per year of basic lithium salt will further consolidate the industry's leadership of halowater lithium and accelerate its becoming a “facilitator” of new energy sources.
2. Potassium fertilizer prices have risen and lithium salt levels have risen, sodium has been developed: a sodium resource development workshop has been set up to further clarify how sodium resources are to be exploited, to increase technological and market research efforts, to plan ahead and to expand sodium salt lake resources.
The titanium-dithium leader returns to grow, grow and grow the industrial chain, nurture the company's new profit growth point, benefitting from the high level of potassium-dithium, which builds on the high quality of the resources of Charkhan and matures for many years.
In this process, the price of potassium lithium rises. In 2022-2024, the company is expected to achieve lower than expected prices for potassium fertilizer and lithium carbonate, respectively; the planned expansion of lithium carbonate does not meet the expected risks; policy risks such as ecological environmental protection; and the inefficient operation of the company is not as high as the expected risks.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.