Salt lake shares (000792.sz) - semi-annual pre-enlargement announcement points High growth driven by the increase in the price of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate
The significant increase in corporate profits in the first half of the year over the same period was mainly due to the increase in the price of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate, in the amount of tons, in the amount of about 1.5 million tons sold, and the continued increase in market prices for potassium chloride and lithium carbonate products in the first half of the year, which drove companies to achieve a significant increase in profits in the first half of the year over the same period.
The production ring ratio for the second quarter has increased significantly, but the sales of the ring for the second quarter have continued to raise the price of potassium chloride due to stock support during the first quarter. According to the data, potassium salt lake potassium fertilization in April/June was estimated at $3500/3980/4480/t, respectively.
Tens of tons of lithium carbonate were sold evenly and did not digest stocks; the company stock of lithium carbonate was approximately 3,500 tons by the end of the six-month period. On the price side, the price of lithium carbonate at the national battery level was adjusted in April and remained almost flat in May, at an average price of 42.22/47.25 million yuan per ton, with an increase of about 12 per cent in the average ring price for the second quarter.
Both core business plates are in a high-growth cycle: the company currently produces 5 million tonnes of potassium chloride per year and is the largest producer of potassium chloride in the country, accounting for more than 60% of total domestic production; it currently supplies high-force majeure and boosts global potassium fertilizer prices. The company currently produces 30,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate per year.
It is the largest producer of lithium from salt lakes in the country and has a relatively high cost advantage; in addition, the controlling subsidiary Salt Lake Biadi plans to build 30,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate production capacity, plus the newly planned 40,000 tonnes/year base lithium salt. Salt Lake Shares (000792.sz): an additional 40,000 tonnes of lithium salt project, Salt Lake Lithium Year
Production capacity, with a total planned capacity of 100,000 tonnes/year to date for the company salt lake lithium production, which is expected to continue with Salt Lake Stock (000792.sz): a two-nucleic booster performance of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate, growing rapidly and maintaining its position as the leader in the domestic salt lake lithium industry; and the current supply and demand of lithium industry.
Patterns, lithium carbonate prices are at an all-time high; Chinese lithium reserves are abundant and in salt lake resources.
Mainly, the company is expected to fully benefit from the strategic dividends of the Great Salt Lake Development in the Qinghai Sea. Salt Lake Shares-000792-Indepth Report: National Potassium Fathead, Salt Lake Lithium Incoming Investment Proposal: Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
It should be 9.8/9.8/9.2x. Given the company’s unique resource advantage in the salt lake of Totchar Khan, the country is in absolute leadership in the areas of potassium fertilizer and lithium salt lakes, especially in the area of lithium in salt lakes, where the company’s future capacity is expected to expand rapidly and to fully enjoy the high-growth cycle in the lithium industry.
The company’s profits in the second quarter largely realized the higher profits that resulted from the increase in the price of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate. The company’s profits in the first half of the year increased significantly over the same period, mainly because of the increase in the price of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate.
The production of potassium chloride in the first half of the year was about 2.64 million tons, or 2.96 million tons; the production of lithium carbonate was about 15.2 million tons, or 1.5 million tons; and the market prices for potassium chloride and lithium carbonate products continued to rise in the first half of the year, driving companies to achieve a significant increase in profits in the first half of the year.
Lithium carbonate production was about 227,000 tons, sales were about 19,300 tons, and stocks were about 3435 tons.The yield ring ratio increased markedly, but the second-quarter ring was only about 4 per cent as a result of stock support in the first quarter; the company ' s inventory of potassium chloride was about 400,000 tons as of the end of the six-month period.
In a continuous upswing, Djolla data show that potassium salt lake potassium fertilization in April/May/June was valued at $3500/3980/4480 per ton, plus a certain freight charge to the price of the plant. Lithium carbonate production was distributed evenly and did not digest stocks; as of the end of the six-month period, the company ' s lithium carbonate inventory was estimated to be 3,500 tons.
On the other hand, the price of lithium carbonate at the national battery level was adjusted in April, almost flat in May and rebounded in June. Data from the Asian Metal Network show that the average price of lithium 2201/q2 for the national battery level was 42.22/47.25 million yuan per ton, and the average price of the ring was raised by about 12% in the second quarter.
“Growing lithium” is an important initiative of companies to build a world-class salt lake industry base in Qinghai. After many years of exploration and innovation, companies with mature salt lake lithium technology have been scaled up and efficient.
“Extension of lithium” is an important initiative of the company to implement the Qinghai Programme of Action for the Construction of a World Class Salt Lake Industry Base (2021-2035) with regard to the expansion of lithium industry, which meets the national “double carbon” target. The company has a capacity of 30,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate, which can be produced in the controlled subsidiary, the Blue Lithium Industries.
In March 2007, the leading joint venture managed to overcome the worldwide technical challenge of “sorting from ultra-high lithium to halogic water.” The first 10,000-ton industrial-grade lithium carbonate device began to be produced in 2012.
In addition, in late 2017, the Blue Lithium industry launched an expansion plan to expand the 20,000 tonnes/year battery-grade lithium carbonate project, with a total investment of $3.13 billion; the additional 20,000 tons project, with the exception of the lithium sink device, has been completed since March 2021 and continues to be in the condition of the drop-in test vehicle; and on 26 June 2022, the lithium-sinking device.
This year, it is expected to produce more than 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate. The Salt Lake Biadi project, which produces 30,000 tons of battery-grade lithium per year, will be ready for early construction.
In October, Salt Lake shares co-invested with Biadi, Cheukland Investment Inc. in the formation of Biade Resources Ltd., Salt Lake shares 49.5%, Biade shares 49%, Cheukland Investments shares 1.5%, and the company plans to build a 30,000-ton battery-grade lithium project with a total projected investment of $4.85 billion.
The company planned a new 40,000-ton/year base lithium salt production capability. The company issued a public announcement on 26 May 2022: To speed up the construction process, the company announced:
Construction of a world-class salt lake industry base, implementation of the strategic deployment of the company's 14th Ecological Salt Lake Industry Development Plan “Extension of Lithium”, extension of the lithium industry chain, and proposed investment in a new 40,000-ton/year basic lithium salt integration project.
To sum up, the company’s salt lake lithium capacity is currently planned to total 100,000 tonnes/year. The salt lake Biadi company’s capacity of 30,000 tonnes/year and the new planned annual capacity of 40,000 tonnes/year is expected to start construction this year. Based on the 24 months of the construction week, the two projects are expected to start production gradually in 2024, so the company is in Salt Lake.
The lithium sector is expected to continue to grow rapidly and to maintain its position as the leader of the domestic lithium industry in salt lakes. Of the new planned capacity of 40,000 tons per year, there are 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate and 20,000 tons of chlorinated lithium per year.
The company, a State-owned company owned by the Qinghai State Investment Commission, relies on the unique strategic capital of the Salt Lake of Qing Haichae, and has a very important strategic position in the development of the resources of Salt Lake, making it a national potassium fertilizer and lithium salt lake.
The company ' s potassium chloride and lithium carbonate are currently highly industrial panels, and the company ' s business performance is expected to increase across the board throughout the year.
Food security, resource security, eco-safety, stabilization of potassium, expansion of lithium, breakthroughs in magnesium, development of sodium, development of scattered elements, development of high-end high-energy, high-value-added industries
We're going to be able to move the saline lake resources in an orderly manner, optimize the structure of the saline lake industry, and expand the financial, brigade, ladder development.
One nuclear wing, multiple support, ecological priority, new materials, lithium power, photovoltaics, equipment, etc.
Resources + Capital + Technology + Market. The company has 5 million tonnes/year of chlorinated potassium design capacity, the largest producer of potassium chloride in the country, accounting for more than 60% of the country's total production capacity.
Safe “barrelstones”. Currently, potassium chloride overseas is supplied with force majeure, with Belarus and Russia providing about 38% of the world's potassium fertilizer, which is restricted by sanctions and geopolitical conflicts; and global potassium fertilizer prices are on the rise as prices of food, commodities, etc.
The company’s current capacity of 30,000 tons/year of lithium carbonate is the country’s largest producer of lithium from salt lakes, with obvious cost advantages and significant potential for expansion. The lithium industry as a whole is now characterized by a mixed supply and demand pattern, with lithium mines and lithium.
Global policies to support the development of new energy vehicles, predominantly in China, Europe, and the United States, have been added up; global trends in motor motorization have become clear, and have become the driving force behind lithium consumption. But, at the same time, lithium resources have been developed over a long period of time, with supply-side increases or less than demand-side increases, with lithium industries.
China’s vast reserves of lithium resources, dominated by salt lake resources, provide security and stability for the supply of lithium reserves, and accelerate the development of domestic lithium salt lake resources. The Qinghai will soon build a world-class salt lake industry base, and the company is expected to reap the strategic dividends of the Great Salt Lake Development.
It is 9.8/9.8/9.2x. Given the company's unique resource advantage in the Salt Lake of Totchar Khan, it is in an absolute position to lead the country in the areas of potassium fertilizer and lithium salt lakes, in particular the company's future profitability projections in the area of lithium in salt lakes and the maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them