Quick q3 ring speed up event: company reports: $5.51 billion in revenue in the first half of 2019.
In our view, this is a semi-annual report of higher quality overall, and while there is no specific split of income for each operation, we can see an increase of 19.3 per cent to $6,243 million in cash on a year-on-year basis (exceeding the rate of income growth) from sales of goods and the provision of labour.
The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) is 32%, well above the industry average, and we think the company's water reservoirs are deeper at the end of the income line. Since the company has not given the channel-based rate of fragmentation, we estimate that H1 is the same business for the same year.
By breaking down 6.5 per cent (large business contribution) + 4.2 per cent (distribution + direct camp) + 3 per cent (dressing operations + direct camp) we estimate that the revenue from container business h1 has increased by about 3.5 per cent over the same period, the retail end of the container q2 is equal to the Euroland Home (603833).
Q1 is a significant improvement, with q2 opening 51 new shops, and 630 cabinets (including the clothing complex) as a result of China's comprehensive strategic cooperation, occupying 2330 smart businesses, including 305/653/372 in the cities of category A/b/c.
In our view, the increase in retail sales revenue in the Europa cabinets is significantly higher than that of the intra-industry competitor, the core of 2019/08/11.
The reasons for this are threefold: 1. In terms of channels, while deep-ploughing the former retail channels, comprehensive Europoles (603833), which promote the “all-channel marketing” strategy, old cook renovations, power suppliers, communities, communities, retail works, etc.
1hfy19 pre-performance series: Homes in Europe
Home, effective front-end interdiction of second-hand rooms, old-fashioned customers and more market share; 2. Marketing strategy: deepening the “seller+” strategy, working on spatial extension and cooking power, overall upscaling of retail customers' guest manifests, which we estimate to be 19H1 containers with an increase in retail passenger manifests.
In terms of marketing tools, 7%. 3%. In terms of marketing instruments, we insist on a 15,800-package package as a guide, to compete for market share, and to further raise the market share during the industry’s low profile.
It is also mentioned that we consider this to be a “triple-win” initiative 1. Distributors may have their own resources, contacts or operating advantages in terms of financial strength, or in areas not covered by suburban, shopingmall, etc.
First-level agents have their own advantages in the back end, so that they can combine strongly to release more energy. On the other hand, in the case of the former-level agents, when the overall industry has gone down in the last two years, the willingness to open is reduced and distributors are introduced.
In the case of distributors, the Europeans could be joined in such a way as to increase the local influence of brands and raise their own end-of-year rankings, although Māori is less than a first-level agent.