Europa light manufacturing has been growing at a faster pace, and the leading position continues to be the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Summary of performance: the company published its semi-annual report for 2019. In the first half of the year, $5.51 billion was collected, an increase of 13.7 per cent over the same year, resulting in a net return to the mother of $630 million, an increase of 15 per cent over the same year; of this, $3.31 billion, an increase of 12.5 per cent over the same period, q2 was collected; $540 million, an increase of 13.4 per cent over the same period, was realized; and deductions were realized
The company’s growth rate in the first half of the year was higher than the average in the industry, which we believe is largely due to the company’s ability to attract passenger flows and raise the price of one of its customers in a variety of ways. In the first half of the year, the company signed a strategic partnership with the country’s 100 top estates, reaching 47 countries, with the advantage of a European front.
In the first half of the year, engineering cabinets and doors were expanded. In retail, companies made full use of manufacturing advantages to meet the demands of different consumer groups and channels.
In addition, subsidies and support have been increased for distributors in the form of shop openings, displays, promotions, training, etc. to enable companies to market their products quickly and quickly.
The concept of “one-size-fits-all custom” raises the value of the terminal manifest by over 30 per cent over the last four years. • Cost controls are sound and cash flows are improving markedly. The company's overall Māori ratio for the first half of the year was 37.6 per cent (+0.4 pp), as a result of a 33.0 per cent increase in the same cost, a financial cost rate of 0.1 per cent (+0.1 pp) and proper cost control.
The cash flow reached $1.02 billion, a marked improvement over the same period last year (+86.6%), indicating that corporate cash flow controls are sound, and that large operations have less impact on cash flows. Focusing on the change of channels, overall push for full distribution.
Homes, 589 Bains (+30), 982 Orphelias (+47), and 210 canals, which show a diversity. At the same time, they sink further into new distribution channels: microshops, communities, shopping malls, etc.
Retailers shift to suppliers, further increasing end-of-service coverage and providing better service to end-users. 3) Capturing: Euro-based, Euro-based, Euro-based (603833): excellent performance, dragons.
The three major business modules for large clients, 210 in front of the shop, 43 in large clients, and a strong head position (2019-04-30) focus on new business changes and raise performance growth points.
2. Europa residence (603833): Reciprocal, counter-flowing, and successful regional orientation pilot projects, such as Chongqing, to form a nation dominated by Skycat (2019-04-10)
The launch platform and the regional localization orientation promote two flow models, which initially explore a suitable home for Euro-River 3. Euro-based households (603833): income growth pressure, no gain, no gain, and no direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.