Medium-term performance meets expectations, long-term growth paths are clear Research Assistant Fu Jia Sung increased by 13.48 per cent on a year-on-year basis. (2) The company issued a public announcement on the issue of convertable bonds the previous day.
On the basis of a high base for the same period (the Europeans achieved a growth rate of 25.05 per cent and a profit rate of 32.83 per cent over the same period last year), income and profits have grown steadily and performance has been as expected; and I have continued to deepen, with multi-purpose, multi-channel models operating, with clear growth paths.
At the end of the day, the company's closets are rich in caricatures, and at the present time the front line of the closets and closets has been established, with the introduction of a younger and more expensive sub-brand, O'Hara, which expands the crowd; at the end of the channel, the company's traditional single retail distributors have a high-quality channel (good pedigree, fine management), which is designed to enable everyone to increase and gradually move to the stage of their release through the successful development of their contribution channels.
In addition, companies are actively promoting information-based development and long-term efficiency improvements in the supply chain.
The entry projects include the construction of a remote production base (phase II), a tin-free production base (phase II), and a construction project for an intellectual home of the Chengdu-Eurasian over a two-year period, which is expected to result in an increase in the capacity of the company in a total of 25.80 million cabinets, 1.98 million closets, and 950,000 wooden doors (currently the overall cabinets/research cabinets/wood doors).
The combined strength of companies and the scale of their sales are expected to increase further in the future with the completion of production bases such as clearing (phase II), tin-free (phase II) and Chengdu, respectively, to guarantee their sustainable development capacity.
Year after year, the exclusive kitchen furniture began to grow, accompanied by the growth of Korean real estate gold, and became the first-largest member of the Korean cabinet in 1986 to break down its share of the track, now having a market share of nearly 40% in South Korea and nearly 20% in the home market.
The division opened up the idea of diversifying its operations by creating interiors to enter the military room and to market the cabinets, 1 of which is "East Wu Light Worker's" Eu: Big, leading in the production of furniture such as bedrooms, study rooms, children's rooms, etc., which has occupied Korea since 2001
The household strategy has continued, with performance growth exceeding indoor household leadership. Since 2006, companies have introduced multi-brand coverage to a more comprehensive group of customers, and have expanded the multiplicity of channels such as dressing, online, and bulk to achieve reverse growth: 2010-2016 Hansen
Income, profits and profits amounted to 21 per cent and 28 per cent, which is much higher than the increase in the furniture industry during the same period. In our view, 2, Euro-Home (603833): Multi-Purpose Euro-Home has the most similar growth path.
• A long-term view of Euro-based households to raise their market share: summing up Hansen's growth patterns, we believe the core is long!
The expansion of the successful product class based on the advantages of the cabinets into the common domain and the sinking of the traditional channels3 and the Europa Homes (603833): harvests while opening up the plastic model cooperative companies, the 2b cooperative estates and the line-to-line lines.
Growth ups and profits are good. The Europas have a similar growth plan: (1) the model of a company-to-house model that integrates the dominant firms into their own distribution channels: (2) the multi-producer is well developed and the closets are well developed.
IKEA integrates a rich product matrix; (3) 18 years of business with a 12 per cent increase, close to 50 per cent growth, without straining corporate profits and cash flows; (4) traditional distribution channels are strong and useful in bridging the industry gap; (5) active efforts are made to fill information-based short boards to upgrade supply chain management capacity and livelihoods
In the long run, Europoles have a combination of goods, channels, management executives, supply chains, etc., and are expected to consolidate their market share on a continuous basis. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board.