The profits from light labour are expected, and the medium- and long-term competitive advantage is evident.
The income end is basically what was expected, and the profit end is more under pressure. On the basis of the performance of 1q19fy, q2 companies were able to collect 3,307 million, an increase of 12.51%, and the net profit of the mother was 541 million.
With the profit margin increasing by 13.48 per cent, we mentioned in the previous 1h19fypreview that the increase in the company's sales enders was due to an increase in the volume of construction work on the company's books, and that the increase in depreciation and amortization would result in both a reduction in the Māori rate and a reduction in the management of the company's share of the increase in depreciation and amortization once it was converted to fixed assets.
Increase in the rate of adjustment; 3. The level of net interest rates in the pre-extension phase of the fit-out operation is significantly lower than the line
At present, the revenue-side company has not yet announced the breakdown data for specific sub-operations, and the growth rate of the q2 end-of-income and bulk business will be reduced to about 40 per cent (80 per cent growth in a large volume of q1).
In the short term, the Bureau of Statistics today publishes the January-July data on real estate sales and completion, and the overall strategic high point in the home area.
-2019/08/11 According to all expectations, the completion point is to restore to zero growth from about 20 per cent of the previous decline and to eliminate the Europa Home (603833) Core Target.
The sales end also turned negative, and we believe that the completion of the project may well be a start, exceeding the 1hfy19 performance foresight series: the Europa Homes, and that the two-year sales and the completion of the workday's scissors will eventually narrow down, leading to the post-natal cycle industry.
The sales end data is too long to know, and we don't have easy access to the city partnership model, the traditional retail channels.
In the medium-to-long term, the company has expanded well in its new business (woodgates, whole baths), new channels (dressing, household) as of 630, and the company's recruitment of the fitter agents, as well as the opening of shops, are in line with our previous expectations, and we estimate that the whole business in the first half of the year is in the form of statements.
At the end, the income elasticity is around 3%. The company has started piloting the city group on traditional channels, and we recognize the company's attempts and innovations in the reform of the channel and believe that such attempts are a win-win outcome for listed companies, first-level agents and second-tier agents.
In terms of outreach, wooden doors and baths are gradually on the right track, and have been growing faster since this year, while the integration of supply chain products through the knitting channels is gradually moving forward. At this point, we are not adjusting our expectations for the company’s income and profits for the year.
Income profits as a whole meet expectations, with clear medium- and long-term competitive advantages in the categories, supply chain integration, etc., leading industries, considering that companies may become the future champions of 2 trillion households/homedressing, the current market value of $43.4 billion is significantly undervalued and “buy-in” is maintained.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report