Europa (603833) 2019 annual performance report and issuance of a debt-transferable rating report largely matched expectations, raising funds to improve competitiveness Wei Hong Mei
In addition, on 14 August, the company issued an announcement that its performance would increase substantially in the first half of 2019, s0340513040022019. In the first half of 2019, the company achieved a total business growth rate of 16.9 per cent.
Revenue of $5,510 million, an increase of 13.72 per cent over the previous year, and net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies
The net profit on gains and losses of $601 million, an increase of 16.9 per cent over the same period, shows that operating income, net profit on returns and net profit on deductions on non-return in the second quarter of 2019 increased by 12.51 per cent and 13.48 per cent, respectively, and that the steady increase in the share of consummated houses has led to channel structures and bargaining.
This year, companies face some growth pressures, pushing marketing channels to dig deep, full-scale production, effecting downs, supporting end-market competition, and robustly stabilizing corporate performance growth. Fund-raising helps to expand productive capacity, improve layout, and improve corporate competitiveness.
Debt collection for the construction and expansion of production bases with no more than 1,495 million new and expanded funds for the construction of remote production bases (phase II) (400 million yuan) and tin-free production bases (phase II) (1.95 roe (tttm)
In December, the highest prices were 23.34 per cent and 42.59 per cent, respectively. This fund-raising investment project was implemented with a view to building and expanding new and expanding capital.
On the basis of distance, tin-free and existing bases in Guangzhou and Tianjin, the company ' s production base can be configured more effectively and in a timely manner to meet the demand for orders in major regional distribution markets throughout the country, reduce the cost of long-distance logistics transport and, to some extent, increase the price competitiveness of the company ' s products, while contributing to meeting the firm ' s integrity.
National production layouts need to be effective in improving the efficiency of firms’ production, breaking out of capacity bottlenecks and meeting rapidly growing market demands, and improving firms’ overall competitiveness. Investment advice: the home-based industry is strong and has a stronger brand premium.
In 2019 and 2020, the company's rating system's “market index” benchmark is expected to be 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, and have been informed independently and objectively.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.