According to an official public report, on August 10, at the 2019s, China's developers' conference was held in Washington, D.C.
China signed a signing ceremony with the European family, and China established a strategic partnership between the CEO of Consumer Business, Ji-ho, the director of the iot product line, and Tan Chin-hing, Vice-President of the European family, in the field of online ecology and smart homes, which will be fully connected to China.
The Hilink platform, which promotes the intellectualization of home-dressing, provides consumers with a smarter, easier and wise life experience through the portals, connections, eco-technology and products that China leads.
By mid-2019, China had 600 affiliated ecological partners, certified more than 1,000 products, covered more than 100 categories of living goods, supported more than 260 brands, accessed more than 30 million users and more than 140 million iot devices.
Ecologically, complete construction includes the hilink open platform, liteos endside smart systems, iot total market value/flow (millions)
Three packages, including a dedicated chip, with a 12-month maximum/minimum amount, of which, after more than three years of development, the Hilink platform has accumulated a hard set.
Open sdk (softwaredevelopmentkit, software development, Europa Homes (603833), with 30 million+ mobile smartlife apps and unified smartais)
1hfy19 performance foresight series: Home in Europe, smart voice assistant portal. Liteos was developed autonomously for the 2012 lab by China -- 2019/08/06
A dedicated networked operating system, with its kernel open source, has accumulated a great deal of capacity in the consumer sector
Out-of-city partnership model, traditional retail channels, fast-track end-of-side intelligence upgrades using liteos, as needed. We think from China to a first step in reform -- 2019/06/29.
According to Hung Monos, published on 2019hdc, the microkernel is in the bottom or fundamentally European home (603833).
Quarterly Supermarkets expect to see two trillion major businesses, and it should be said that the 5g+alot strategy in China is becoming clearer and growing faster as Liteos progresses - 2019/04/29.
So far, China has developed deep communication and collaboration with the Europeans in the field of hilink smart homes.
The technological advantages of iot, connectivity, solutions, etc., are integrated into the development of smart products from the hilink eco-agreements and the building of joint laboratories, the gradual introduction of industrial smart-house solutions, and the promotion of joint programmes to place markets in the home.
The advantage of the Europeans, in terms of chips and so on, is that they produce, integrate, have the most comprehensive products and have the strongest brand appeal in the industry, and we believe that the two sides will work together with a 1+1 plus 2 effect, and that, at the end of the product, we'll take the lead.
As the kitchen supplies begin to spread to every aspect of the family, this time Europe and China are engaged in deep strategic cooperation, and we think that this is a good opportunity for the Europeans, and that in some household categories, the future of intelligent households must be on the rise.
On the one hand, we can meet the need for more intelligence and individualization on the part of consumers and a certain degree of differentiation between medium-sized and small brands at the end of the product, and on the other hand, we believe that at this stage of time, while the strategic agreements signed between the two agencies do not fully emphasize the so-called “exclusives”, they actually do at this stage.
In addition to the fact that Europe has a clear pre-eminence over other brands, we believe that the full range of future co-operations in marketing, brands, channels, etc., are equally important, considering that companies can become 2 trillion.
The current market value of $41.1 billion is significantly undervalued, maintaining “buy-in” and China's strategic cooperation to capture strategic high points in the field of smart households and China's strategic high points in the field of smart households.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report