The Center for Consumer Upgrading and Recreation Studies has grown steadily, looking forward to a large amount of business in closets, wooden doors, company fundamentals (RMK)
In the first half of the year, the Māori rate for the company ' s closet business increased by the same 2.5 pt, leading to a 37.62% increase in the Māori combined rate of 0.39 ptt for the same year. The level of Māori rates in the first and second quarters is roughly the same as in the same period last year, with a small increase in the Māori rate contributing to the net profit rate.
In the first half of the year, corporate cash flows were $544 million, a decline of 11.55% over the same period, but there was a marked improvement in the first half of the year, a rise of 86.57% over the same period. The total number of shops grew not so fast over the same year, and retail outlets grew steadily at higher places.
The number of doors, 7018 (excluding kiosks), increased by 10.69% compared to the end of last year. 1. Europa Annual Report 2018 - the first 10 billion stores grew by only 4.62%.
20104102. The Europa Tri Quarterly Review-q4 Plus, 2017, had achieved strategic collaboration with 47 top 100 real estate companies by June. Meanwhile, the company, thanks to the pre-emptive advantages of cabinet engineering, is gradually developing projects in the areas of closets, wooden doors, etc.
The first half of the year also saw a rapid increase in the revenue from closets and wooden doors. The company's semi-annual full-products engineering operations received $929 million, an increase of 54 per cent over the same period. The first half of the year, when the revenue from engineering was removed, was $4,487 million in retail sales.
In the first half of the year, the main line of development was “more than one bill”, with orders growing six months from a multilayered set-up strategy.
Over 20% of the revenue from the closet business and 11.17% from the year-on-year growth in the total number of shops are expected to be slightly higher. Meanwhile, the closet business has begun to push deep into the consummation scheme, with potential for future engineering operations; 3) wooden doors and baths: more than 40% of the revenue from both operations has been received
Among them, the company has increased its income by increasing its volume-priced woodgates through a full-scale package of “all-house currents – main-publishs – quality packages.” At present, the average number of company woodgate dealers is 0.94, which is lower than the number of other business start-ups, followed by the potential for faster openings.
Corporate growth is based on stability, closets, and woodgate engineering channels. We predict that the company’s Yin Yi Po engineering channels are not expanding as much as expected; that there is a significant downside risk; and that the sales stock is restricted.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment