We've recently published a tweet from the official U.S. Micro-Credit Public to recruit the city in the cabinet system.
Partners, who have now opened up recruitment in 21 provinces across the country, including Anhui, Jiangsu, Shandong, Sichuan, Zhejiang, etc. The model of urban partnerships introduced by the European Group can be understood as a secondary distributor or a second-tier distributor.
The concept of distributors, i.e. distributors operating in areas recognized by local former retail agents in coordination with headquarters, distributors running front-end links such as shop openings, customers, sales, etc., while local former retail agents installed back-end service links, distributors taking them from first-tier agents
Goods, but since the primary agent is responsible for back-end services, the distribution agent ' s Māori ratio will be lower than that of the first, and all final distributors will be consistently accounted for in local agents and revenues.
Total market value/flow (millions)
The marketing system is often dominated by a two-tier system of agents/a city of multi-businesses. This time, the Europeans let the second-tier agents out of their superior cabinets, which we consider to be important for the reform of traditional retail outlets.
In the short and medium term, we believe that the logic of winning a share for the Euro-based headquarters would lead to faster growth of the industry - 2019/04/29 - with greater priority, but more so as a “win-win-win” initiative where, on the one hand, distributors might be involved
European Homes (603833). European Homes: Transfer of Financial Power, or in suburban, shopingmall, etc., have not been involved in the gradual warming of business, new channels for new products.
The region has its own resources, connections or operating advantages, while the first-level agent has its own advantages in back-end uniforms, smooth business expansion, etc. - 2019/04/09, and a strong union between the two sides can release more energy.
Europa (603833) "Performance meets expectations, on the one hand, for medium- and long-term growth determinations of the former level I agent down the overall industry landscape and profit margins over the two years."
In such cases, the willingness to open a business is reduced and the introduction of distributors can enhance the local -2019/01/26 impact and raise their own end-of-year rankings, as for distributors, in this way
The Māori rate is lower than that of a first-level agent, but it is relatively necessary.