Europa (603833.sh)
In the first half of the reporting period, there was a robust growth in the performance. The cabinets generated 2.6 billion dollars, an increase of 3.4 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the acquisition of 15,800 sets of food surges, 2 billion dollars, an increase of 20.7 per cent over the same period, a 43 per cent increase in the corresponding income of 260 million and a 41 per cent increase in the same income of 220 million.
In addition, accounts receivable increased by 55 per cent at the beginning of the reporting period as a result of large operations, but there was a marked improvement in net operating cash flows, a decrease in tax fees and an increase in sales inflows.
Net inflows of 1 billion dollars, an increase of 86.6 per cent over the same period, have advanced the “all-channel marketing” strategy, which has led to an increase in the flow of channels through a combination of all-round improvements in old cooks, electricity suppliers, communities, domestic appliances, etc. In the first half of the year, there were 7,228 end-doors, of which there were cabinet doors.
2330/+54, 2240/+127, 589/+30, 877/+52, all 210, and further encryption of distribution networks. Control fees for the first half of the year were tight, with combined rates rising slightly by 0.5 to 24%.
The increase in inputs led to an increase in the R&D cost rate of 1.24 pct, but a slight decrease in the cost of benefiting from sales, given the tightening of real estate policies and the fact that furniture, as a post-cycle industry, is now entering stock games, and that competition in the market will increase, but taking into account the firm ' s soundness as a leader in the industry and its maintenance.
This report is prepared by the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd., and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. are not... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions on the content of the report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may have an opinion or stand on the certificate described in the report, i. or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate described in the report on their behalf or on behalf of others.