1hfy19 performance foresight series for core target: Euroside 1hfy19 performance foresight: the company will be released on the evening of August 27th.
The company’s income of 1hfy 2019 will increase by 14 to 5.52 billion yuan over the same period, and the net return to the mother will increase by 15 to 630 million yuan over the same period.
Company retail end revenue is expected to accelerate at q1 compared to the rate of increase, and 2b is expected to slow down at q1 compared to the rate of increase. By category, we expect that the q2 closet business as a whole will increase at a faster rate than the q1 for retail sales and the q1 for large cabinets.
The rate of increase is slower than q1, the rate of growth in the closet business is more or less equal than in the q1, and the income ring in the cleaning business has increased significantly than in the o1. From our tracking of retail outlets, we believe that the retail end of the Europa cabinet is at
After a downturn at the beginning of the year, q2 began to gain ground, from the two largest activities in the first half of the year (315 and 51) (the majority of the orders for activity 315 are reflected at the end of the statement in q2), as well as total equity/flow (million shares)
Based on the overall feedback from distributors, q2 is in a recovery state compared to q1 for end-of-services, so we're upsetting the q2 container retail acceleration expectations, and we're...
High 12 months/minimum ($) for two reasons: 1. Industry reasons: q2 is expected to boost home-based enterprises by starting to complete the construction phase-out
The reason for the orders is good: the Europa cabinets perform better than competitors in terms of diversification of sales channels and upgrading of retail products out of the urban partnership model, traditional retail outlets, and singles.
The first step towards reform - 2019/06/29. For profit ends, the following reasons are taken into account:
Increases; 2. The amount of construction work in progress on the company's books is high and, once converted to fixed assets, the quarterly report of the supermarket forecast, which looks at the 2 trillion estates. The rise in old and amortization will result in both lower Māori rates and higher management costs; 3.
Accelerator Growth - 2019/04/29 Net interest rates for pre-extension operations were significantly lower than industry averages; 4 companies in the first half of the year.
This is an increase over last year's subsidy to agents. Although the adjustment of the value-added tax rate will bring some positive upwards to the company's business, new new channels for new products and net interest rate levels, overall we think the q2 profit-end increase will be positive.
At this point, we're not adjusting our expectations of the company's income and profits for the entire year.
The current market value of $41.1 billion is significantly undervalued, maintaining “buy-in” projections and financial indicators: 1hfy19 performance foresight series for core targets: Euro-based households
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report