The Sini Shan family (603833.sh) reported reasons: performance report
Growing up, profitability and excellence, all-channel marketing works well. \triangleright, August 28, 2019
q2 achieved business income of 33.07 billion yuan, an increase of 12.51 per cent over the previous quarter, and net profit return of 541 million yuan, an increase of 13.48 per cent over the same period;
\triangleright’s growth has been impressive in the hands of peers. As at 28/08/08, there were seven companies listed as custom furniture that had been disclosed, with a high rate of collection.
In order of low ranking, seven companies earned 2019h1 operating income and the same rate of increase: Euros (5,510 billion Māori, increases in net interest rates, increases in yield, gains in size, increases in R & D, longer-term investments. 2019h1, Māori and net interest rates are 37.62 per cent and 11.48 per cent, respectively, compared.
Of these, the sales cost rate was 11.190% (-0.46pt); the management cost rate (combined R & D caliber) was significant, and new and emerging channels, such as electricity providers and communities, were moving fast. (1) Engineering operations: as of the end of June, 47 companies had signed strategic partnerships with the country’s 100 most powerful properties.
A step-by-step increase, with faster growth in the first half of the year, in engineering closets and wooden doors.
There are 203 dealers, 210 dealers, and 43 large clients. (3) Emerging channels: 2018: a steady increase in profitability. By the end of June, Europe's cabinets had opened, in addition to 2330 shops, microshops, communities, etc.
In order to effectively interdict the flow of people by installing their current size, 2019-4-10, 455 convection stores.
Tianwon City City Building, Trade Center A, 69 West Street, has initially explored an electrical route suitable for the development of Ophori.
Sustained optimization of operating capacity: The increase in inventory turnover reflects higher management efficiency, and the decline in the 7th floor of accounts payable reflects a growing upstream advantage.
The Shanxi Securities Company Ltd. had a rate of 5.18 (+1.15 pct) and a liquidity rate for accounts payable of 4.54 (-0.56 pct), resulting in a significant increase in operating capital turnover and accounts receivable of $531 million at the end of the reporting period, an increase of 61.40 per cent over the same period.
In the area of cash flow, corporate returns accelerated during the first half of the year and cash generated from business activities during the reporting period \triangleright released debt-transferable expansion capacity, which is expected to effectively support corporate ownership strategies and further upgrade
\triangleright Smart Manufacturing and Informatization Level: On 16 August, the company released 1,495 million yuan in debt transfers to raise funds for the construction of remote production bases (phase II) and tinless production bases (phase II)
By the end of 2018, the company’s lockers/research cabinets/cargos/baskets had been used to meet the company’s national production layout needs, improve productivity, and break through production bottlenecks. With the completion of the property and the improvement in the sale of new houses in the second-line city, the company’s performance is expected in the second half of 19th year.
We're looking at custom furniture taps that win the industry with multiple advantages such as channel strength, cost-efficiency control, product quality. Companies are expected to achieve net home company profits in 2019-2021. Macroeconomic growth is not as high as expected; property management policy risks; market diffusion is not as high as expected; originals are expected.
Risks of price fluctuations; risk management by distributors; risk of large-scale business refunds; attitude, independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or observations in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.