Income growth in the European and American region remained steady, and the business of Tides fast-tracked 30/04/04.
Entering $7.98 billion, a 11.0 per cent decline in the same year, increasing speed by 1.8 per cent after cutting off the new crown; net profit from the mother is $1.94 billion, fast release of the multipolymeric and small nucleic acid operations and still steady growth of the semen and smo. (1) wuxi \triangleright
Added to 32000l to fully meet clients ' commercial production needs. (2) wuxitesting earns 1490 million yuan (+2.6%), of which laboratory analysis and testing earns 1.05 billion yuan (-0.6%), security evaluation earns 440 million yuan (+11.0%), smo grow by 26.4% and maintains China ' s leading position in the lungs.
The share of the treatments in cancer, dermatology, cardiovascular internals, etc. The commercialization project of the research assistant Chopoyoa atu platform is gradually approved, while ddsu domestic demand is still subject to short-term pressure. (1) wuxi
\triangleright biology earned $560 million (-2.8 per cent) and new molecular class income increased by 12.2 per cent, up to 29.2 per cent, and in March of 24th year, the Guo Angang Science Research Platform was officially launched in Suzhou to strengthen the in vitro biology and the in vitro biology of the company.
New pharmacological efficacy layout in the body. (2) wuxiatu earns 280 million yuan (-13.6%), companies are accelerating growth of multi-polymer tubes and production capacity, companies are profitable enough to complete their work and verify and declare fda. (3) wuxiddsu earns 80 million yuan (-51.8%), domestic
Review: Non-new crown business grew robustly, operating efficiency and scale effectiveness demand was significantly reduced and the number of newly signed projects decreased. \triangleright
3. Drug Mind (603259.sh) semi-annual report 2023. Assessment: demand stability, rapid release of non-new crown business, cxolong. Sustained expansion of overseas markets in a context of uncertainty in the external environment. Corporate maintenance of 2024 revenue
4. Mid 2022 Performance Report for Pharmacy (603259.sh). Investment proposal: Pharmacy Conde is a global leader in integration, end-to-end cxo, enabling new drug research and development projects for domestic and foreign clients through the crdmo and ctdmo business models.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.