Pharmacy 2359.hk/603259.ch: 1q24 revenue meets expectations but below profitability, maintaining year-round guidelines 1q24 income meets our expectations, but adjusted noon-ifrs return net profit to mother
The company maintains the same year-round guidelines, with income expected for the first half of the year accounting for 42% of the year’s income – Wuzawa cfa • 1q24 – meeting our expectations, but the adjusted net return profit of non-ifrs is lower than expected:
Slightly below the consistent vision of Viblealpha, where non-new crown income fell by 1.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis; less than what we expected and what we expected was mainly because of the drug Mind Condt (2359.hk)
In terms of profit margins, the decline in the 1q24 statement gross caliber was mainly influenced by the pace of project delivery and the lower utilization of capacity climbers.
• Early operations affected by the weakness of industry financing: 1q24 Mingkund operations experienced varying degrees of decline in the same year's rounding, including below the wuxichemistry plate (-17.5 per cent yoy, 19.7 per cent qoq), and below the wuxesting plate laboratory analysis and measurement
As a result of the weak financing of investment, clients were in a state of wait-and-seeing, leading to a slight slowdown in the signing of new contracts, and as a result income recovery is still not visible in the early stages. Moreover, due to laboratory tests, half of the services come from the country, with high price pressures due to intense competition.
• The negative impact of the draft United States biosafety law is beginning to emerge: on the one hand, the United States biosafety law.
The draft has clearly affected the wuxiatu business in obtaining new orders and new customers (due to increased client fear due to the involvement in the extraction of patient cells), resulting in a drop in the 1q24 income of the plate over 52 weeks (RMK)
The disturbance eliminated some of the early R & D services. No further progress has been made on the draft, considering the fact that some clients are already under the influence of the bill on March (million RMB) and that one q24 is not the new crown of the U.S. client.
40% of the income base is equal to 1q23 and 1q24 new 300+ clients are from Europe and America. (We suspect that more European customers will be added.) We expect a double-digit increase throughout the year to eliminate the new crown commercialization project from the United States of America.
Around. The profit margin is expected to improve on a quarterly basis as the capacity climbs. 1q24d&m earns 11 new commercial and clinical iii projects (including 2 new commercialization projects), and the management is expected to increase cdmo ' s income over the course of the year, less the income from the new crown commercialization project.
Currently, the 22,000-litre additional production capacity in Tides is being commercialized at ppq. Financial statement analysis and forecasting - Pharmacy Condt (2359.hk)
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
All information is collected and distributed to anyone without authorization. No person may use any of the information in this report for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as a reference to the purchase or release of information.
An offer or offer to sell any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as a professional opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transactions covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated and may be modified at a later date without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not base any decision or action on investment, withdrawal or other financial aspects solely on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements that involve multiple risks and uncertainties, and such forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pilgrim's international securities. Pilgrim International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, affiliated companies (collectively Pilgrims International) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them. Pilk International or any of its directors and/or employees shall bear no legal responsibility for any possible loss to investors arising from the use of this report or from reliance on the information it contains.
In the case of some jurisdictions or countries, distribution, distribution or sale of public securities may not be possible in all jurisdictions or for all categories of investors.
This report is only available to the “principal investor” as defined in United States Rule 15a-6 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and is not available to any other person.
This report is not issued by an accredited person within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ( "fsma"), nor has it been approved in this report.
As a result, this report will not be sent to the British public, nor will it be transmitted to the public. This report will only be made available to eligible investors (in the sense of financial services and municipal law), i.e. (i) investment professionals with specialized investment experience as defined in section 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2005 (the “Financial Extension” Order), 2000, or (ii) who are high-value entities within the scope of section 49(2)(a)-(d) of the Order, or (ii) other persons who may legally communicate with them (all of them).
A person is referred to collectively as “the person concerned.” Any body or individual who is not a person may not follow or rely on this report or any of its contents.