Quarterly reports meet expectations that profitability will pick up in two consecutive quarters. Quarterly reports were disclosed by the company on the evening of 24 April, when the company achieved a total operating income of $26,573 million in the first quarter, a 1 per cent increase in the same year, compared with 10,000 vehicles. By category, the total sales of suv was 223,000 vehicles, a 0.8 per cent increase in the same year.
The Hover brand shows a sharp decline in the H1 and H2 model. Hover brands introduced a new H4 model, covering a further segment of the market between H2 and H6.
This year, the Hover brand will launch a series of "f" products as a way to improve diversity and recognition. We believe that the introduction of new products will help to slow down the decline in Hover brand sales. Wey brands will launch vv6 and plug-in hybrid p8. Vv6 trunks are bigger and better suited to household demand.
It's a good product. P8 is from the Pi4 platform, representing the most advanced plug-in power mix in the Wall, of which the Wey brand is 250,000. We think the Hover brand is under a lot of pressure to do the sales, and the wey brand is relatively optimistic.
As a result of the improved product structure, a high-priced car-type ratio has recovered from the three-quarter stocking of older products for two consecutive quarters of the company’s profitability. Following the upturn in the production of new products, the company’s capacity utilization rate is expected to increase further, and the company’s Māori ratio is expected to increase at present.
One-time projects and changes in accounting standards have resulted in significant changes in management costs and sales costs during the first quarter of the year. Corporate management costs have dropped by 640 million per quarter, mainly due to the assetization of research and development costs by companies by 400 million; annual year-end awards are recorded by over 100 million in the first quarter of this year.
The increase of $390 million is mainly due to an increase of $390 million in the one-time zero share offset for oil consumption; changes in accounting standards have reduced the cost of selling free maintenance services by $150 million.
The positive deployment of new energy sources, 2018, will be an important year to test company strength. For the last two years, companies have launched the Wey brand to hit high-end markets, while introducing new energy vehicles to respond to double-component pressures.
Rapidly new energy products, including pure electric c30ev, plug-in power mix p8, are expected to launch more new energy vehicles in the future. In February this year, the company signed a letter of intent with the BMW group to jointly prepare a joint venture to produce Mini electric cars.
Has cross-market research experience with a unit and a port unit, eight years of experience, five years of experience with a port unit.