The company released its annual report for 2017, which achieved a gross operating income of $101,169 million, a marked improvement over its performance in the fourth quarter of the year, and a return to corporate profitability. The company sold 1.07 million vehicles throughout the year in 2017, a decrease in the same year.
0.40 per cent, of which 37 million vehicles were exported, an increase of 139.01 per cent over the same period. Overall, the number of major vehicles, with the exception of Hafh2, declined in sales year-on-year, but the volume of the Wey series was striking. In terms of performance, companies achieved net profits of $1.95 billion, $470 million, $460 million and $2.15 billion in the first to fourth quarters, respectively.
The recovery in the fourth quarter was largely due to the full power of the Wey series, which provided strong support for the company. Wey brands are well advanced, and new models will provide a boost to performance.
The downside was the result of strong market competition and increased advertising and new production line costs. But with this year’s breakthroughs in the new h6 and wey series, the company’s performance improved. According to the company’s sales announcement, the company’s trend in the last year was close to 300 miles deep.
In 2018, the Great Wall will gradually improve its vehicle structure by rolling out vv6, p8, h6coupe and h4. The company’s sales target in 2018 is 1.16 million vehicles, and its performance is expected to pick up as new models become marketable and classic.
The collaboration between the Wall and the BMW will move forward with the national production of the BMW brand Mini. The nationalization of this brand will help the Wall ' s cars to make up for their shortcomings in new energy vehicle technology, learn from BMW ' s best practices in new energy vehicles, and add branding effects.
In addition, joint ventures also require cushioning for the completion of future double points in the Wall. Stock markets are at risk of entering the market with caution.