In the evening of August 25, 2019, China's Chinese Pacific Agency released its semi-annual report. The company achieved total operating income in the first half of the year.
22.386 billion yuan, an increase of 7.7 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $16.183 billion, an increase of 96.1 per cent over the same period; base and non-recurring gains and losses boosted profits and raised investment returns \triangleright
The first half of the year saw the realization of tax cuts, with non-recurring gains and losses of $4,838 million in the first half, which significantly boosted net profits in the first half of the year. The first half of the year, when the accounting standards for insurance contract liabilities were revised, reduced profits by $3,816 billion in the first half of the year.
In the case of the renewal premium, the total premium is raised by 7.6 per cent for the \triangleright agent channel as a whole, and the first half of the year for the agent channel.
The insurance premium of $26,305 million represents a 10.1 per cent decline in the same year, the overall new business value of the first half of the year was 39 per cent, the same-year > proxy team stepped up the organization, the new bill continued to warm up, the average monthly insurance salesmen of the company during the first half of the year was 796,000, a 11 per cent decline in the same year.
Business income as well as the first-year commission per capita has increased slightly. In the second quarter, companies optimized talent development, enhanced skills training, strengthened the organization of proxy teams, and the second quarter saw a small upturn over the first quarter, the second-tier equity market recovered and the return on total investment increased.
III. Investment proposals: a negative year-on-year increase in the value of new business at the end of life insurance, a decline in the value of new business, and the prospect of warming in the second half of the year of new sales as agency group organization is built up; a small aggregate cost rate of 1.
Pev1.1x, 0.9x. Improved return on investment, slightly higher net profit than expected 2. China Pacific (601601): optimized business structure, new business
The value of business is increasing, and the combined strength is steadily increasing, and the company's financial statement data projections are aggregated, and it's a cow, a bachelor's degree in finance from Sichuan University, a Master's degree in finance from Arizona State University in the United States of America, joined the civil securities in September 2017.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.