Taibo, China (601601).
The company was formed on the basis of the China Pacific Ocean Insurance Company, established on 13 May 1991, and is based in Shanghai, the leading “a+h” in the country.
The company, which focuses on the insurance owner, has been expanding its operations around the insurance owner's chain, and has now achieved life, maternity, old-age and health insurance.
Insurance, agricultural insurance, and asset management, with 4.3 percentage points of full security plates. Life insurance, with a value of $14,927 million, represents a 8.4 per cent reduction from the previous year; the new business block is developing in a shared manner; and attention to customer needs is being given to the needs of clients.
To promote the implementation of a client demand-oriented strategic shift towards “client demand-oriented” values and approaches that have internalized into the company's biogenesis; and to focus on value addition
Long: Life insurance seeks to increase the value of new high-quality operations Longness, production insurance, asset management, 96.1 per cent increase in net corporate return profits during the reporting period, mainly due to three factors: 1 premium increase
Achieving investment returns continues to outpace the cost of indebtedness. While corporate business performance has increased significantly over the year, some core indicators have fallen well. 1. Life insurance nbv and nbvmargin drops, with the exception of average monthly manpower decline (-1.0 per cent).
In addition to the direct relationship, changes in the premium structure (16.1 per cent less for new single-period transactions and 70.5 per cent more for payments) have had some negative effects on nbvmargin; 2. The company ' s solvency rate has declined by 5 pct, with a reduction in the capacity to pay for insurance by 20 pct (and compensation)
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the transformational adjustment will not change its value, but it will be very thin and slow to regenerate.
We can also see some positive changes in the company ' s medium-term performance: 1. In terms of the quarterly share of the value of new operations in life insurance, the company ' s revenue weight has declined, premiums have been distributed more evenly. 2. The company focuses on training agents in marketing skills, strengthening personnel management, optimizing incentives, and ensuring stability in the core workforce, while tightening it.
Quality control of additional agents, steady improvement in the overall quality of the agents' workforce, significant efficiency gains, improved cost-end management in product risk operations and higher performance rates, respectively, and a 1.3 pct pressure reduction rate, resulting in a small 0.1 pct decrease in the combined cost rate in the context of higher payout rates, and further optimization of the cost structure:
4. The product risk income structure was further optimized with a 32.4 per cent non-car ratio and a 4.7 pc increase in the same year, with a reduction in the non-car combined cost ratio eliminating the combined cost of vehicle insurance The impact of the increase effectively spreads the cost pressures of excessive competition in the market for vehicle insurance The size of the company ' s investment assets has increased and the structure has been further optimized, with an equity category (equity plus equity plus debt) rising by 1.6 pct, bonds and non-target assets
When the agent dividend disappears, Taibo also suffers from the transition. The change in open-door marketing strategy exacerbates the short-term negative impact of the transition. But, as agent efficiency gains demonstrate, the life insurance premium structure is expected to continue to optimize, and the non-car ratio rises with the combined cost of movable property insurance is expected to decline. Downward risk to the domestic economy: the risk of increased trade disputes between China and the United States: the risk of falling capital markets: the risk of financial regulation being tighter than expected: flows.
The risk of less than expected: the risk of less than expected performance.
East Hing Securities Co. reported by Taibo, China (601601): Transition adjustment will not change its value, but it will be long and thin for Nie to regenerate. B.A. Wuhan University, Master's degree from Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex. Four years of banking experience, four years of non-banking financial research experience, two years of silver.
Research experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2016: first in the 9th Crystalball and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and second in the 10th Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2016.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.