Cobalt and lithium electric materials are shown, with a cycle of growth - Report on the Review of the Cobalt Industry (603799).
The increase in copper block volume is still the largest increase, but the financial contribution of the three-dollar drive is reflected in the company's forecast to achieve a net profit for the whole of 2020 that is higher than our three-quarterly forecast of $960 million in profits, most notably due to a 9.9 per cent increase in the 2004 copper ring price ratio; but we report that although we have analysed that “copper prices are sufficiently resilient”
The forecast is conservatively priced. According to the breakdown of performance, 1) copper cobalt mining and smelting continue to contribute primarily to the profits of the company "New Energy" in the second half of the year as a result of the annual contribution of the Pe527, Rukuni mine, which produces 30,000 tons of copper annually, plus the copper price, which increases the sales by 87.9% on average.
The demand for lithium electric materials is growing rapidly. “Increased production of major products and a significant increase in profitability”, pre-registering Māori accounts for more than 10% (8.7% in vs 2019).
Properties, with patterns, profits and cycles that are better than the three-dollar positive materials, will continue to grow in volume and profitability. The company is already in production and is in the process of producing 100,000 tons (full capital 5.5+co-4.5), and the product enters the world’s top powered electricity, ig chemistry, sk, the Ningde era, Biadi, etc.
The core industry of the pool, which plans to increase production over the next three years to 150,000 tons and 130,000 tons in joint ventures, has already been approved, with an approved increase of 50,000 tons of high nickel pre-drive projects. The nickel energy attributes will be highlighted, and the corporate nickel business is expected to be clear and scarce: we measure, new energy sources.
The acceleration of vehicle penetration, coupled with the need for further mileage, will lead to higher growth in high nickel trinity, with more than half of the 132,000 tons of nickel expected to be added by 22 years, with more than half of the nickel energy attributes highlighted by the power cell. The Shantun Mining Group’s 34,000 tons of annual high-ice nickel smelting project, in which the Department is involved, has been launched in 2004, Indonesia.
The Morowali Industrial Park project, which produces 60,000 tons of red-soil nickel per year, is expected to start production in the second half of 2021 (57 per cent of interest), while an additional project is being developed to raise 45,000 tons of high-ice nickel in Indonesia's latitudes.
The requirement for pre-diversion nickel has now been approved by the SEC; while the company as a whole lacks a nickel plate, the company has both clear expectations and scarce targets for nickel operations. • Prospective earnings and investment proposals: copper and cobalt prices are up (profit forecasts are current) and lithium electricity is sold at high levels.
• Risk factors: new projects are not expanding as expected, and pre-drivers and nickel smelting are less profitable than expected