The main reasons for the significant increase in corporate performance are: (a) the high end of corporate products and the integration of products.
The implementation of the camp strategy has yielded good results; 2) with the rapid increase in demand for new energy lithium electric materials, the increase in sales of the company ' s main products, the recovery in the sale price of the products, and the significant increase in profitability in a double-optimal context.
During the first half of the year, the company expanded its entrusted processing operations to maintain a high level of production load, with 13510 tons of cobalt products produced in 2020h1 (including entrusted processing), which remained almost the same as in the previous year. In terms of sales, the company sold 1,0360 tons of cobalt products in the first half of the year, a slight increase.
Industrial operations. The average cost of cobalt in the q1-q4 Yangtze in 2020 was 275,000 yuan per ton (same-12.97 per cent), 251,000 yuan per ton (same-4.2 per cent), 273,000 yuan per ton (same-+5 per cent) and 270,000 yuan per ton (3.23 per cent) respectively, and was added to the global cobalt mine by the demand for new energy vehicles.
A good factor, such as the increase in the price of cobalt, is that the company’s cobalt product is expected to improve significantly over the same period. With regard to pre-drive operations, the new energy portfolio is an important direction for the company’s strategic transformation.
Companies continue to practice the “triple” goal of high-end products, industrial integration, and inter-countryization of their operations. By the first half of 2020, a total of 13004 tons of pre-production drives, or 6578 tons of direct exports of overseas products by the same growth division, compared to 215.47%.
In March 2020, the company continued to enter into long-term supply contracts with bosco and its associated companies, totalling about 90,000 tons. Moreover, a large number of pre-trilling products are now being used internationally in high volumes.
The branded auto industry chain, including the lig chemistry, ssk, Ninder era, Biadey, etc., is the core of the world's head-powered battery chain. The order from a stem battery manufacturer usually has the characteristics of order to be stable and large-scale, and we expect that the company's sales and profits will continue to be steady.
In the context of the rapid development of the new global energy sector and the improvement of the cobalt supply and demand structure, the company has been actively developing the lithium electricity industry chain, recommending that sustained attention be paid to corporate fund-raising projects with 45,000 tons of nickel metal in high ice nickel and 3 tons of high nickel power batteries per year.
Progress on the VCR project, which we expect to collect from the company for the period 2020-2022, respectively, less than expected, lower copper and cobalt prices, lower downstream demand, and the use of legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.