Cobalt industry (603799): Cobalt pre-cobalt drive, three-wheel drive, strategic advantage of integration is emerging
..the Chinese Cobalt Industry (603799), a high-tech company that specializes in cobalt, copper non-ferrous metal smelting and the deep processing of new materials products, is the owner of the product.
A historic breakthrough in the marketing of cobalt for lithium ion batteries, high aerospace temperatures and structural improvements in the profitability of the plate: alloys, rigid alloys, pigments, magnetic materials, rubber all year round for corporate cobalt products.
The production of 333 64/22631 tons, i.e. +10.63 per cent/-8.19 per cent, and the annual collection of cobalt plates, i.e. $5.081 billion in glues and petrochemical catalysts (24 per cent of total revenues); and the attainment of Māori of 1.07 billion yuan, i.e. 32.3 per cent of total Māori.
Production costs driven by high-cost inventory de-diversion (business costs - 20.4 per cent). The increase in profitability in the cobalt industry was evident, with a rise of 9.82 pct to 21.05 per cent over the year, including the second half of the year (total capacity of 39,000 tons of metal), the profitability of the cobalt plate or its sustainability, 2023 Māori Gonn.
With the advantage of the integration of minerals, the contribution of the copper plate to the achievement of a high level of Maori is expected to increase in future performance: the 30,000-ton electric copper project in Rukuni, Africa, was officially launched at the end of 2019, and 98633/78315 tons of copper were sold throughout the year, corresponding to +38.19 per cent/+18.01 per cent.
Up to 44.97 per cent, the highest five-year level, highlighting the advantages of the integration of the minerals associated with the rise in the self-contribution ratio of copper Ballastite, given the high copper prices or overall maintenance by 2023, and given the cdm/mikas production line at full capacity into the accelerated release period, the three-dollar pre-drilling operation is expected to be the highest-performing plate: benefits
The progressive release of self-build/assembly assets and the strong downstream demand, the company’s three-dollar pre-drilling operations have been scaled up and 34710/33320 tons distributed throughout the year, compared with 163.67 per cent/+136.13 per cent. Project 2021h1 has been certified, and the build-up of 50,000 tons of high nickel pre-repulsion capacity is expected in 2022.
In the next three years, the company will have more than 150,000 tons of excavated capacity. Given that the current global market for new energy vehicles is in a state of high volatility, the firm's deep binding of core customers, such as lg/posco, will have a continuing order advantage over the next three years.
It is expected to be the highest performance rate. We measure that by 2023, the plate will be collected/Mauritau is expected to have a robust supply base for pre-emerging drivers: the company continues to improve the nickel resource layout, is building a nickel project package, a million tons of nickel metal wet smelting project (starting in early 2020, expected to be completed by the end of 2021).
• The State ' s 30,000-ton metal battery-grade nickel sulfate project (expected to be completed by 2021), which, when completed, will help to increase the self-sufficiency of the company ' s nickel sulfate production and nickel raw materials and further release the pre-stream drive capacity.
Copper prices are expected to remain high, and cobalt prices are opening up an upswing. Copper prices are strained by mineral supply constraints and currents, and dynamic spillovers are maintained. From long-term observations, the continued tight balance between copper supply and demand is expected to lead copper to high prices by 2023.
Without a significant increase in supply, cobalt prices have opened up the path of rising prices, and future price poles are expected to rise significantly.  Profit predictions and investment ratings: the competitive advantage of a whole-of-the- chain integration company, which moves from the head of the cobalt industry to the leader of the new lithium electric material, can also help smooth corporate performance.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
Cobalt industry (603799): Three wheel drivers of pre-cobalt, strategic advantages of integration are emerging.
He won the second prize for joint research on futures issues at the China Financial Futures Exchange and the third prize for joint research on futures issues; and the third prize for silver and copper in multimedia for the Chinese version of the competition for futures and products: the third prize for the soybean futures at the Dalian Commodity Exchange.
It means the right to a future as a prize in the competition. It was written by Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Journal, future delivery in Shanghai, Hodo-chung, Zhang Qing.
Five sci essays published by the first author (cumulative if>10); research work in Treasure Steel, 2015-2018, during which several new product development projects were conducted or participated in and applied to priority projects: the May 2018 accession bond.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Cobalt industry (603799): The three-wheel drive of pre-cobalt steel, with strategic advantages of integration, does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.