The net profit rate improved significantly by the end of the quarter, and the recovery rate remained steady. In 2020, the growth rate was historically high, the savings structure was further optimized, and the cost of deposits remained absolutely low.
The advantage at the end of the debt is expected to be better than the good performance of the industry in 2021, when supporting workers’ pay differentials. In terms of asset quality, the industry’s poor bookkeeping is up, but it is more stringent, with bad + interest in lending falling significantly at the end of the six-month period.
4-quarter profit improvement, looking at 21-year interest differential performance, 4-quarter profit performance improvement, 4-quarter recovery, 4-quarter net profit return
This represents an increase of 44.2 per cent, resulting in an increase of 1.2 per cent in net profit income over the year (vs in the first three quarters, 9.15 per cent). The improvement in earnings in the fourth quarter was mainly due to the easing of the stress of the epidemic, which led to a reduction in the capacity of business banks in the fourth quarter, at 0.5 per cent of the cost of one-quarter credit (1.19 per cent in the third quarter of vs 3).
The industry continued to deepen its personal finance strategy in 2020, with the introduction of the “first-person financial banking strategy” branding system. As of the end of the year, there were 680 million individual clients and 182,000 private-sector clients with assets of over 6 million, all of whom were industry leaders, and the high-guarded river that we saw as a well-employed group of customers.
Business continuity contribution. Business bank net interest spread of 2.15 per cent in 2020, a 15bp drop in year-on-year ratio, mainly the lower end-of-product rate of return than the end-of-debt cost. Bank asset end-of-life returns in 2020 are influenced by factors such as lpr swaps, discount benefits to support the real economy, and interest-bearing asset returns are equal to the rate of return.
A decrease of 24bp, in which the rate of return on credit assets also fell by 24bp. 20 years of record credit growth, with a strong leverage on liabilities