Business and Industry Bank (601398): Annual Report, 2020. Gains are increasing, with a steady split and overdue “double drop” event: Business and Industry Bank operating income of $8,826.5 million in 2020, an increase of 3.2 per cent over the previous year; attributed to the mother-in-law.
The net profit of the division’s shareholders is $315.96 billion, an increase of 1.2% over the same period, corresponding to an eps of 0.86 yuan/share. At the end of the period, the research assistant, Tau Chul Air, has a year-round business target, so that the growth in the profits of the business banks is in line with our expectations.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: In 2020, in the context of the impact of the epidemic, the Bank of Commerce and Industry, as the main pillar of the State-owned industry, was charged with supporting entities and caring for small and small businesses, performing reasonably well and with excellence. The company ' s profits grew at a positive rate throughout the year, the net income gap was almost flat for the second half of the year, and bad assets were more stringent and overdue.
At the end of the year, at the core, the interest rate of the loan had recovered, the net difference in the state-owned industry was expected to be stable, and the asset quality trend had improved.
Since then, the deposit end-of-life ratio has risen significantly.1 At the end of the asset: the total assets of business banks grew by 10.7 per cent in 2020, loans and bond investments were the main ones.
In response to the central orientation of "Systems for Support and Care of Micro-Small", mortgage lending has increased at a rate of 10.9 per cent, and credit cards have increased only marginally, with a corresponding decline in their share. (ii) Investment assets have increased by 12.3 per cent, with bonds well + structural deposits have fallen sharply in the second half of the year. We have stressed on previous occasions that, with regulation, all are covered.
Regulation of “high-interest deposit” (e.g. Internet deposits, interest-bearing) regulation. The competitive environment for deposits will improve to benefit the debt costs of large banks and head retail banks.  Net interest differential: loans are expected to remain heavily priced at 15 bp year-round, compared to year-round, but deposits are expected to remain heavily priced.
Quarterly reviews: Undesirable pressure Annual reports adjusted financial calculus by recategorizing credit card instalments to net interest income (previously recorded as fee income), which, while not affecting the substance of the operation, changed net interest differentials, interest-bearing assets, hands
Data on indicators such as renewal fees, and retroactive adjustment for 2019. Under the new calibre, the net interest gap for 2020 was 2.15%, with a decline of 15bp from the same calibre, and a decline of 25bp from the previous three quarters (when the financial calculus has not been adjusted), which was roughly close to the 30bp from the 1-year period.
In our judgement, this is the continuing impact of the heavy pricing of stock loans (table 2).2 Individual loans at the end of the asset were significantly affected by the financial calculus adjustment, mainly because “credit card instalments” were counted as interest-bearing assets, and the corresponding instalments were credited as interest income, resulting in higher net interest differentials. Analysis of retroactive adjustments in 2019
The data show that the average balance of interest-bearing assets has increased by $383 billion under the new calculus, from credit card instalments, which are higher than the rate of return on individual loans by business banks as a whole. Thus, the current financial calculus adjustment will raise the indicator of net interest differentials, but it will reduce the revenue from fees and charges accordingly at the same time, resulting in a lower share of intermediate operating income.
The overall cost rate for the end of the liability ranged from 9bp to 1.67%, down from 4bp in the first half of the year, mainly in the context of a broad financial market, with further declines in the next half of the year in the three types of debt. The cost of the deposit fell for the first time.
Looking forward to the city, we judge that a large state-owned bank, represented by a business bank, is expected to have a steady net spread, which is expected to expand gradually in the second half of the year. Although the first quarter’s net difference is expected to continue to suffer a slight fall due to heavy pricing, the economy continues to recover, credit is available.
In an undesired environment, interest rates on new loans are expected to begin to recover, while the cost of large banks’ liabilities is also expected to be stabilized by the regulatory environment. Overall, we recommend that there be reasonable optimism about the trend of commercial banks’ net interest differentials.
1 The wealth management category benefited from equity market hotness, deepening fiscal transition, and personal finance and private bank revenues grew by 8.4%, and projected high growth in income, such as fund swaps, which was also the general growth point in 2020 for wealth-management banks. With regard to bank finance transition, we analysed the annual bank finance report for 2020, as net value-based products gradually increased.
High, as well as deepening investor education, large banks are expected to return to robust growth in their fiscal management revenues. By the end of 2020, business and industry banks had a non-enforceable fiscal balance of 2.71 trillion dollars, a 2.5 per cent increase compared to the previous year, with $2.15 trillion in personal products, which kept the market leading.
2 Revenues from fees and charges such as bank cards, investment banks, guarantees and commitments have all declined, and are expected to absorb intermediate operating income at the end of the line of expenditure: the cost-earning ratio has been lower in recent years and the four-quarter decline in impairment of assets has contributed to a positive increase in profitability.
An amount of $30,838 million was mentioned for impairment, an increase of 83% in the same year, and the full range of asset quality. Quality of assets: the four-quarter deficit rate is still up, but it is more stringent, with all overdue loans included in bad caliber, and a slight improvement in asset quality is expected in 2021.
At the end of 2020, the negative rate was 1.58%, compared to the last three quarters of 3bp, and four consecutive quarters of the negative “double-litre” affected mainly by the epidemic. However, in 2020, the negative perception was significantly more stringent, which was also one of the reasons for the upward trend in the indicator, based on the “double drop” in loans of concern, the drop in the ratio of concern by 50bp to 2.21%, which is a new low since 2014.
Due to the impairment of assets in the fourth quarter, the COMC has revealed that the overall negative rate at the end of the fourth quarter of the country's main bank is 2 bp above, with 6.15 pct below the provision coverage. 2-point line shows a negative rate of 2.29 per cent for corporate loans, compared to 20 bp at the end of the first half of the year, compared with 20 bp in the second half of the year.
Public credit risks are gradually being exposed. The underperforming rate of individual loans on retail lines is 9bp to 0.56% lower than in the first half of the year, and the negative rate of discounted loans, operating loans, and credit cards is down all the way, which is expected to increase the treatment of newly generated poor loans. However, the negative “double-up” of mortgages also reflects the impact of the epidemic on residents’ incomes.
Looking ahead to 2021, we suggest that there is reasonable optimism about the quality of large banks’ assets. The economic growth base is still weak, and the quality of assets still needs attention as a major entity and small state-owned bank that invests large amounts of credit resources.
East Wu Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang, this income is calculated using the business management fee/business income calculation in a uniform manner.
Annual rate of net generation of non-performing loans = (net increase in non-performing loans + write-off requirement)