Luoyang Molybdenum Industry (stock code: 603993.sh) Production of major products was over-planned, with 25q3 performance continuing at an all-time high during the same period: 1) sales: 2501-3 copper production of 540,000 tons, compared with 14 per cent, and drilling production of 88,000 tons, compared with the same period:
In the first three quarters, products such as molybdenum, tungsten, thorium, phosphorus were produced, while the remaining products such as molybdenum, tungsten, phosphorus were sold in a basic equilibrium, tungsten and phosphorus products were sold in lower quantities than in production.
2) Prices: lme ring ratio + 4% to $9864/ton, mb cobalt ring ratio + 0.4% to $15.9%/pound, domestic molybdenum price ratio + 18% to 270,000 yuan/ton, ammonium tramite price ratio + 40% to 330,000 yuan/ton.
Large equipment such as high-pressure mills, with a reduction of about 15 per cent compared to the previous period, has increased the overall recovery rate from about 88 per cent to 91 per cent. New projects have moved in an orderly manner, with clear growth paths: copper plates: companies are moving in an orderly way to tfm and kfm new
(c) Construction investment of $1,084 million for a construction period of two years, to be completed in 2027, with an expected addition of primary mines.
Treatment of 7.260,000 tonnes/year, with the expected addition of an average of 100,000 tonnes of copper metal per year after delivery; construction of the Heshima hydroelectric plant with a capacity of 200 megawatts is well under way, providing a long-term supply of 800,000-1 million tonnes of copper production. Gold plate: the company will complete the acquisition of the Odin mine in Ecuador (Caygohouse gold mine) and will be fast-tracked.
Development work was advanced, with production planned for 2029, with an estimated annual yield of 11.5 tons of gold; Ecuador's Odin mining industry signed a 232 megawatt power supply and discharge agreement to build a multi-dimensional power supply system ahead of schedule.
1. [Girl colour] The Chrysotile industry _ Copper Cobalt Production Capable of Trans-Expansion, Risk of Capital Period; 3) The Fed ' s Risk of Lower Interest Rates than Expected; 4) The Risks of Geopolitical Changes Abroad; 5) The Risks of Central America and the United States Tariff Influences exceed their Predicted Risks.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.