The demand for information technology semiconductors and semiconductor production equipment is high downstream and q3 performance is high
Special orders are full and the company’s revenues are growing rapidly. In the first half of the year, the company became operational, with special integrated circuits generating 1,370 million yuan (oy+70%), and smart security chip revenues q3 are expected to grow mainly due to high downstream demand, with the main component being special production.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Significant growth in demand and production capacity and rapid explosion of smart card chips orders in the 5g age total market value/flow (millions)
In parallel, the purple light and the fpga product were delivered on a scale scale. The demand for special integrated circuits continued to burst for 12 months, and is still expected to grow at a high rate.
(b) Special UV Light Country Micro (002049) " Overperformance, fpga " , with a new generation of 2 x nanometers of high-capacity fpga series products
The “Stander” was widely recognized in the market and continued to be a leader; the special storage product was maintained - 2021/08/24
Other markets in the network bus and interface products are in the lead of the Purple Group (002049). With the extensive use of special Sopc platform products, system-level chips and peripherals,
The market share of products such as power modules, power monitoring, etc. continues to grow.
Large orders for clocks, high-speed adc/dac, circuit protection, isolation chips, sensor chips, etc., or part of the key technology in the "super" safety area of the 5-g era, are expected to be a new addition to the company in the 14-55 period.
We believe that: (1) special demand surges, military aircraft operations are projected to recover from the epidemic in the next three years, the first half of 2021, there is a gap, such as the shell, in the company ' s Shishijia factory, which has been fully replenished in the second half of the year, and its main sub-plant, the Hmong semiconductor, has sufficient capacity to deliver.
The company’s ability to deliver the fpga product on a scale of more than a billion dollars in hand orders. The upgrading of the Division’s capacity to deliver products is expected to meet the growth in orders and further strengthen performance.
The chip product is well-structured and will offer great opportunities for development in the 5g era. The winning bid is China moving 11.4 million Super Sim Cards, moving 70 million Esim strategy orders, and the Super Sim cards are sold in more than 23 provinces and cities in China.
The volume of goods is growing rapidly, gradually encroaching on the market. With regard to financial payments for safe products, the company’s share in the domestic bank’s ic card chip market continues to rise; the company’s car code has imported a large number of well-known car companies and has made bulk deliveries.
The development and industrialization of high-end safety chips and vehicle controller chips is well under way. It is expected to be a new business growth point for companies.
The business of corporate smart card chips will continue to grow at a high rate, mainly because of the fact that the company filled the overseas market space by: 1 three stars, leaving the overseas sim card market. 2 has moved 114 million 5gsim card chip orders, 70 million Esim strategic orders. 3 supersim cards have been phased in.
Investment proposal: Uttar Pradesh is the lead in special chips, orders are expected to grow rapidly, while super Sim’s fast-disbursing operations, and alternative national production opportunities for vehicle controller chips, we appreciate the company’s long-term growth. The company’s forecasted net return profits for 2021-2023 are maintained separately.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report