Electronic semiconductors, profits close to the forecast cap, and the increase in the Māori rate is evident: the company issues the 2021 tri-quarter report.
Special order demand is saturated and the Māori rate continues to increase. 2021q3 achieved operating income, R&D services received in advance and product loans increased, corporate contract liabilities increased by $223 million, compared with the beginning of the year.
Accomplishment, full of orders: two companies with special integrated circuit operations with high product competitiveness, customer recognition, high equity/flow (millions of shares) and significant growth in demand and production capacity, combined with purple and fpga products, delivery capacity
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) has continued to rise; 3 smart security chip business revenue has grown rapidly and profitability has improved significantly.
Special integrated circuit demand continues to erupt and is still expected to grow. Special microprocessors and packaged chip products continue to be rolled out; the new generation of 2 x nanometers with a high capacity of fpga UV (002049), with high downstream demand.
The series of products has been widely recognized in the market, and it continues to be a leader, with delivery capacity gradually increasing at q3 q3.
-2021/10/13 Market share of interface products is in the lead.
We think that: (1) special demand surges, military aircraft operations are projected to go back to the next three years, after the "3 cow vote" and the impact of the epidemic in the first half of 2021, there is a gap between the casings at the company's stone factory and the second half of the year's production.
Uttar Pradesh (002049) The Utility Group can be fully replenished, and its main sub-plant has sufficient capacity for the delivery of the macro semiconductor. 3 companies have been brought together for judicial review, with little impact on the Utility country.
The company created fpga products with a capacity to deliver on a scale of more than $1 billion in hand orders. The upgrading of the production delivery capacity of BD-2021/07/10 is expected to meet the growth in orders and further strengthen performance.
Smart card chips are growing fast, orders are growing. Company telecommunications chip products are out of place, complete, and there will be great opportunities for development in the 5g era. The winning China moves 111.4 million Super Sim card product collection projects, 70 million Esim strategic orders, super Sim cards.
In China, there are more than 23 provinces and cities. The mobile phone sim market is growing rapidly, and its share of the three stars is gradually becoming the dominant market. At the same time, in financial payments for safe products, car regulations, safety chips, high-end security chips for a fungible debt collection project, and car-borne control chips, all of which are in the market.
We believe that the corporate smart card chip business will continue to grow at a high rate, mainly because: One Three Stars has abandoned the offshore sim card market and the company has filled the offshore market space. Two winning bid moves 114 million 5gsim card chip orders, 70 million Esim strategic orders. 3 Super sim
Investment proposal: Uttar Pradesh is a special chip tap, orders are growing rapidly, and super sim operations are fast-disbursing, and there are opportunities for national production alternatives to car-car control chips.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.