q3 performance increased significantly, and the special chip tap exceeded expectations by October 13, 2021.
The net profit of the purple light country (002049.sz) q3 increased significantly, and the supermarket expected it. The net profit of the 3q21 company in the single quarter was a significant increase in its performance and the ring ratio. The large increase in net profit in the third quarter was mainly attributable to the public sector.
The company’s special integrated circuits are highly competitive and the demand for alternative domestic production is so strong that the company’s revenues and profits remain high. The market share of the company’s special integrated circuits’ old products continues to grow, and new production continues to grow.
The development of products is progressing well: (1) new special microprocessor products and supporting chips continue to be rolled out and bulk applications are available in important embedded areas: (2) a new generation of 2xnams of high-capacity special fpga chips are rapidly opened in the market; (3) a special storage product maintains a market-led technological advantage;
(4) In the area of analogue products, the market share of the company’s power source chips, power modules, etc. has continued to expand: (5) digital power sources, high performance clocks, high-speed high-precision adc/dac, protection of circuits, etc. Key breakthroughs have been made in new areas.
The rapid growth in smart security chip revenues, a significant increase in profitability, and the great opportunities of the 5g era. The company’s smart security chip products are bright: (1) the company’s 5gsim card core.
The film benefited from the increased penetration of 5g mobile phones, leading the trend in the development of the sim card product, company electricity practice number: s1500520030001 card products are growing rapidly in overseas markets and becoming market mainstream; (2)
The company ' s esim card chip benefited from an increase in the number of iot connections, which continued to advance and deploy overseas; (3) in addition, the company actively deployed high-end vehicle-borne safety chip and vehicle-borne mcu chip, project development and smooth progress, car-level security chip has been successfully imported into a number of well-known car companies and is expected to lead the company in the future.
Semiconductor power devices continue to develop their inputs and markets. Companies continue to optimize their superbs, mosfet, medium- and low-pressure mosfet, and product competitiveness is further enhanced; the third generation semiconductor sicsbd/mosfet products and g devices are actively configured to open industrial power sources and fast chargers.
In the future, companies will continue to open up markets like 5g, new energy sources, light-voltage reversals, and drive power.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: Uttar Pradesh, as a special domestic integrated circuit, smart security, chip lead business, benefits from the high demand downstream and the accelerated replacement of national production, and the company's performance is expected to maintain a high growth rate. We expect a net return profit for the company in 21/22/23, respectively.
Integrative circuits, smart security chips, maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company.
Figure 1: Micro-harvesting and profit performance in the purple-light country. Figure 2: Micro-profit performance in the purple-light country.
Figure 3: Rates of micro-trip costs in UV countries, Figure 4: Micro-R & D costs in UV countries (billion yuan)
Figure 5: Micro-harvesting and Business Cash Flows in UV Countries (billion yuan) Figure 6: Micro-net profit and net operating cash flows in UV Countries (billion yuan) Figure 7: Micro-stock in UV Countries (billion yuan)
Figure 8: Micro-receivables (millions of dollars) in the Utility of Purple, a successful student at Xian University of Electronics and Technology, almost five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, experience in foreign companies such as Texas instruments, and familiarity with semiconductors and consumer electronics chains.
In 2017, in Pacific securities, in 2018, securities were introduced; in 18/19 Crystalball, in 2/3 of the electronics industry; and in 18/19 Gold Bull Award, in 3/2 of the electronics industry. Li Xiaoqing, M.A., Wuhan University, in 2018, in Southwest securities, and in 2020, in Sinda securities, covering semiconductor products.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sinda Securities in 2020 to cover the consumer electronics chain. Autumnto, a Master of Asset Assessment at the University of Gangan, joined the Sinda Securities in 2020 to conduct research in the electronics sector.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.