The company received a transmission from the Indirect Holdings shareholder, the Qinghua Holdings, about the Qinghua Holdings.
It is proposed to transfer 100% of the shareholding held in Qinghua Holdings to Sichuan by means of a non-reimbursable transfer of shares in Qinghua Holdings Limited.
Qinghua Dao, a funder of Qinghua Holdings Ltd., signed a non-reimbursable transfer agreement with Sichuan on December 10, 2021.
It is proposed to transfer 100% of the shareholding held in Qinghua to Sichuan, through a non-reimbursable transfer. With regard to this transfer, the Ministry of Education will have to approve the transfer, Sichuan will have to obtain the approval of the Sichuan State Finance Committee, and the operator of the transfer will have to be reviewed centrally through the Antimonopoly Office.
To promote energy infrastructure and accelerate the construction of major energy projects in the province.
The group’s strategic investors have been re-established and selected to build a broad consortium of intellectuals.
"A consortium of seven firms, such as the Purple Group, substantially merges strategic investors.
It is a globalized professional equity investment agency that focuses on semiconductor core technology and other new and up-to-date technology investments. Recent projects involved include the acquisition of the world’s largest semiconductor sealer days.
Four mainland Chinese encapsulation plants under the moon flag: acquisition of the top four semiconductor vehicle providers globally q3 performance to keep up with high growth.
-2021/10/13 Focused on providing a fuse frame for storage, simulation chips, microcontrols and car chips.
The Njiura Department of Standard Products was purchased and sold to Szetotech, among others. Beijing was a private fund-raising management company that focused on the “3 Bull votes” and invested and bought in the integrated circuit industry and strategic emerging industries.
-2021/08/24 Projects include: acquisition of operations and related patents in the high-performance radio frequency amplifier sector of Enchip Semiconductor (nxp) for $1.8 billion.
Big Tang Telecom, Smart Road Capital, launched a joint venture, which was dedicated to smartphone chips. It acquired 80% of Germany’s shares in ficontec. Ficontec is one of the world’s leading equipment manufacturers in the field of optical electronic and semiconductor automation encapsulation and testing.
In our view, this reorganization of assets has had little impact on the country’s micro-business. The stock-holdings of the country’s vast capital flow through the country’s capital, which is a globalized professional equity investment agency focused on semiconductor core technology and other emerging high-end technologies.
It is hoped that there will be synergy with resources in the field of intelligence, construction and semiconductors. Group 2 strategic investments will eventually be national capital, with a greater concentration and efficiency of management than the former Shanghai + Zhejiang National Finance Committee, which was judged by the market. 3 At the same time, intellectual experience with mergers and acquisitions and capital operations in the semiconductor sector has helped the group to move forward.
It is clear from the reorganization that the Purple Group is focusing on the Cube Clouds strategy. Beijing’s intellectual path, building broads, has a strong catalytic effect on the Chips Group; the Clouds have a long-term development incentive when compared to head or senior cloud producers.
Investment proposal: Uttar Pradesh is the backbone of a special chip, orders are growing rapidly, and super sim operations are fast-released, and there are opportunities to replace the national product of the vehicle control chip.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report