Three-quarter review of the UV Micro (002049) 2021: Mother-to-Child net profit ratio in the first three quarters +112.90 per cent, special integrated circuit operations contributing to high corporate growth
Industry classification: F-FDTL workers (+63.33%), net parent profit of 1,457 million yuan (+112.90%), net non-mother ' s profit of 1.359 billion yuan (+117.68%) and operating income of 1,497 million yuan in the first quarter of q3
The ring ratio rose by 11.72%. q3 quarter net profit of 582 million yuan (+105.87%). The rapid growth in corporate revenue and net profit shows that special integrated circuit operations are driven by factors such as downstream loading, national substitution, and triple informationization, with significant + high scale effects.
Basic data (2021.10.25) Value-added product spectrum expansion drives high growth in the corporate sector.
The company's financial indicators are good, with special integrated circuit highs and smart security chip margins 59.87 per cent combined (+5.31 pcts) in the first three quarters of 2021, net interest rate 39.17 per cent net interest rate, rise in roe, mainly one smart security chip business marginal improvement, Māori return rate
Increased; 2 special integrated circuit operations as the company's highest value-added business, benefiting from a high demand for downstream special areas, rapid growth in size, increasing the share of corporate business as a whole, and pulling the company together.
At the cost end, the company ' s overall costs increased in the first three quarters of 2021, with management costs.
To, according to the company's semi-annual report, R & D expenditure consists mainly of special integrated circuit R & D projects, high-end smart chip R & D projects, etc., and continued R & D investment is favourable to companies in digital power sources, high-performance clocks, high-speed high-precision adc/dac, protection of circuits, isolation chips, sensors, etc.
Key technological breakthroughs in areas such as the microchip have contributed to steady business growth in the coming years. There has been a marked change in the asset-liability end, with an improvement in the cash flow end of billions, an increase of 56.74% compared to the beginning of the year, mainly as a result of an increase in the procurement of raw materials and accompanying products.
According to the cash flow statement, the cash flow from the company's operations is $339 million (+40.331 per cent), which we consider to be mainly due to the growth in the size of the company's integrated circuit operations, increased profits and receivables, inventory, and air-carrying securities.
National emblem electronics: Replenished downstream special equipment requirements during the "145" period, national production substitution, IT trio-driven, product spectrometry, Shenzhen National Insignia Electronics, a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, is a national leader in the area of special integrated circuit technology, covering more than seven series of over 500 ic products (fpga, high reliability storage, high reliability simulations, bus lines, high reliability microprocessors, a new generation of Sopoc chips, connected
We believe that the company, driven by the three-fold factor of downstream special equipment, special national production replacement, and informationization, with a net profit of 205 million yuan, 506 million yuan and 877 million yuan from the mother, has been growing rapidly over the past three years.
On June 10, 2021, the company completed the public release of $1.5 billion in converted corporate bonds.
Fund-raising has been directed mainly to new high-end safety chip development and industrialization projects, vehicle-borne control chip development and industrialization projects, and complementary liquidity. We believe that the global market for Sim card chips was highly competitive in 2012-2019, leading to a downward trend in corporate Māori (from 37.56% to 22.27%) and that, as companies are active in the foreign sim card market and the domestic high-end security card market, corporate smart security chips are becoming more powerful.
Māori recovered from the 2021h1 rate, showing a marginal improvement. Purple-like: large-scale fpga R & D progresses well, small- and medium-scale fpga multi-products are steadily delivered, and the first semi-annual profits are realized. Shenzhen City Purple and Soft Electronics Co. Ltd. is a company-owned subsidiary specializing in programmable logic (fpga, cpld, etc.) R & D
Production and marketing. In the first half of 2021, purple cogeneration completed a new round of replenishments and continued to increase research and development inputs. Large-scale fpga research and development progressed well, with small- and medium-scale fpga multi-products maturing and steadily delivering, and significant progress was made in the areas of video image processing, industrial control and consumer markets.
The products are being developed, with a wealth of resources such as embedded processors, programmable modules, high-speed interfaces and various applications such as ip, with branches of multiple sub-series products such as base, edge, cloud computing, and provide highly competitive system-level solutions that provide depth excellence in specific areas such as embedded terminals, margin computing, cloud computing acceleration, etc.
For the first time, a profit of $89 million was realized, generating investment gains for companies, and we believe that fpga, as a high-end chip with significant performance advantages, has vast space in the areas of communications, industrial control, and consumer electronics. According to marketresearchfuture data, fpga's global market is expected to reach approximately $12.52 billion in 2025.
The value of the country’s fpga first echelons cannot be ignored. Investment continues to result in large investment losses for listed companies; competition for security smart cards has increased and product Māori rates have fallen; and the wind of trade friction \triangleright
Figure 3: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates, Figure 5: Corporate R & D Costs (billions) Figure 6: Corporate 2021h1 Product Structure (billions)