1. "Exceeding expectations in the first half of the year, special case " , billion yuan, 63 per cent more than the previous year, 1.46 billion yuan net profit to the mother, 113 per cent more than the previous year, excluding non-mortality.
The performance of the company 2021q3 continued to grow rapidly and its profitability increased further. In the first three quarters, the combined Māori rate was 59.9 per cent, rising quarterly to 64.2 per cent in the first three quarters, an increase of 10.6 pct over the same period.
Add 5.1 pct. The company has a strong downstream demand, full orders, a continuous increase in the capacity to deliver the products of the company's special integrated circuit operations, a high rate of growth in both business earnings and net profits; a rapid growth in revenues from safe chip operations and a significant improvement in profitability.
47.5 per cent growth, mainly due to the continued growth in the amount of R & D services and products received by companies and the high rate of special orders: the new generation of 2 x nano special fpga is widely recognized in the market; the market share of special controlled products continues to grow. The information-based value of special equipment in the country continues to increase.
Chips are home-grown, industrial market spaces are growing rapidly. Shenzhen has the full power of cross-matter research and development, and some of the products are well-placed in sub-tracks, such as aviation, and are expected to be the first to experience the trend of national production smart safety chips: corporate sim card chips are growing rapidly abroad and becoming the mainstream market.
Esim continues to drive and deploy overseas; the bank's share of the domestic market for the card continues to rise, while the volume of offshore sales continues to rise; the social security card has made a breakthrough in a number of projects, and the profitability of the smart security chip business has increased significantly. Moreover, the car code security chip program has been imported into a large number of companies and delivered in bulk.
The participating company has steadily increased the volume of fpga-sized and small- and medium-scale products and has made significant progress in the area of video imagery technology, engineering and consumer markets. The company has begun to develop the first generation of sopc products, which is a highly competitive competition for deep optimization in specific areas such as embedded terminals, margin computing, cloud computing, etc.
The company benefits from the super-intensity of the specialic industry, the rapid recovery of smart safety chips, less than expected demand for special integrated circuits, the downside risk of special integrated circuits, and indirect shareholder assets.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment