Shanxi wine (600809.sh) Food beverages / White wine ii Horizontal contrast: Reform is the key to the company breaking through the development bottle, and Shanxi wine has a lot of potential for development.
For the sake of this, we have re-opened companies such as Kuotai, Five Grain, Ocean River, etc., and when the liquor company has gone beyond 30 billion, it usually goes into a low-growth business cycle or faces the tests of production, channels, organization, brands, for example, in 2014, the ocean river in 2023, and so on.
30 billion is faster than the rest of the liquor industry, and we believe that there will be no significant drop in the next two years: 1) the full price of the wine, the faster restructuring of the product, the 20th and the bologna are still in the high-performance zone; 2) the basic market of Shanxi and Rimxi is stable, providing the basis for price upgrading and the nation as a whole
Expansion provides talent, channel models, etc.; 3) active reform of the short-flowing board, with wine with “bringing pleasures” as a hand, enhancing the ability of the control board to function in an efficient and refined manner and optimizing the distributioner's team; 4) Qinghua 30 Regeneration Lead, with clear thinking on price upgrades.
A review of history shows that each round of corporate reform is capable of systematically synthesizing internal mechanisms, organizations, etc.
The Ministry of Flowers, the Department of Data Management, which provides high-end alcohol breeding and channel reform to the organizational drive stage. (2) Talent ladders, the company has begun to expand its external staff and build internal systems. 3) Channels have been reformed since 2023, with the company's tool of “benevolence” to fill up short channels and divide distributors.
The logic of growth: to build a regional base in the mountains, a multi-priced layout, and a steady development. A multi-priced layout, with a growth focus of 2024, relies more on 20+s, the “Cross West Market” or more.
And then, we think that Saffron 20 is in a high-energy growth zone, with business single scenes growing into multiple scenes, and horizontal contrasts show that Saffron 20 is in a national expansion.
In the medium term, the stage of development is between the Crystal Sword and the 60-editorials, with no short-term entry into the stock of the price of the "Sangsi Liquor (60809.sh) - New Marketplace for the Old Whites, which consolidates the foundations of market development." So, the 20-year expansion of the future nationalization of Saffron will support a 50-billion-dollar camp.
"Sanxi Liquor (60809.sh) - Keeping the pace of business steady, 30-year-old Renaissance Investment proposal: Wine or entering a period of historical opportunity for development, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. Prior to the renovation, Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) – 21% of quarterly income growth, continued branding.
Shanxi Liquor (600809.sh) - Strengthening stock management, seeking incremental optimization - Shanxi Liquor (600809.sh) - Discovery of marketing and fine management of channels: White wine businesses break through a certain amount, mostly with growth or inertia.
How to internalize growth as an engine of growth is a test of corporate wisdom. In 2023, the wine harvest broke through $30 billion, and the capital market may have some questions about whether the $30 billion in wine growth base is solid. What is the potential for the $30 billion in wine growth?
By comparing horizontally, rediscovering companies such as the Kuotai, the Five Grains, the Cedars, and the Ocean River shares, there is still much room for growth in the future. The following three logic and veins will be developed: 1) Where's the company's ceiling?
At the time of the break of 30 billion dollars in liquor companies such as the State Maotai, the five grain fluids, the Ocean River shares and the Cedars, we found that the wine was in a historical phase or similar to the one in 2013-2014.
The process of fine-tuning the channels, laying a solid foundation for bc connection and core consumer development. Secondly, in the context of industrial change, we review the history of each round of industry adjustment as a process of secondary allocation of channel resources and a phase of expansion of the advantages of the liquor industry.
The system, organization, products, channels, etc., has the capacity to cut off more channel resources and consumer resources, or to benefit from the adjustment period of the industry in the current round. (2) Channel reform continues to fill up short lines of operation, with few indicators of significant improvement in business performance.
Starting in October, the wine began to spread its “happiness” to complete marketing, end-level management, etc., to improve cost efficiency and enhance the stability of the Saffron price system. In a horizontal comparison, the wine is being used to transform the system, which is similar to that of 2017, and to improve the bc connection, either as a result of or on the basis of the reform of the channel.
In the medium term, rum is a distinctly improved variety of channels of management, price control, and systemic governance, while, in the follow-up to the 30-year-old Renaissance,3 it is located in a high-energy growth zone, where whites have replaced or are expected to build a market of the kind Shanxi.
The logic of investment is that the non-linear growth brought about by large singles can open up performance ceilings, and it's also excessive returns to multiple scenes, cross-scenario growth, and price systems are more stable than before. And second, the sunflower 20 drops down in the bozo flow, low access costs, and reverse expansions like the south of the Yangtze market, and we think that the sunflower 20, or it can support the wine camp.
50 billion dollars. In terms of long-term capacity, the old white man was upgraded in 2024, the profits from the re-engineering channels were re-established, and the surrounding west markets, such as Jinnan and Shandong, saw or hoped to create the west-west market, like Hebei, in the old cellars of Chenzhou, and so forth, from a long-term perspective.
1. Horizontal comparison: 30 billion yuan of wine, how much longer is there? Quote: A repeat of history, 30 billion of alcohol, usually leads to a low-growth business cycle.
Do we have a similar problem with billions of dollars? By contrast, we find that wine is being tested or significantly less than the five grain fluids, ocean river shares, and Xingzhou cellars, and that there is still much potential for future development.
In 2023, the Shanxi Barracks went to the 30 billionst camp, moving from 10 billion to 30 billion, faster than the five grain fluids, the old farts, and so on. In 2023, the Shanxi Barracks went to the 30 billionst camp, and we returned to the 30 billionst liquor company and the business phase in history.
Thresholds. We're counting the time it takes for the white wine industry to cross from 10 billion to 30 billion camps, 3 years/ 8 years/ 4/ 11 years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years/years.
Is the basis for rapid growth solid? 1.2 History suggests that reform is the key to companies breaking through development bottlenecks.
The camp elements are temporarily unable to adapt to the growth phase, which leads to a downward shift in the growth hub. We find that, despite the fact that they are in different endogenous growth cycles, the big wine companies have taken a series of changes, including products, organizations, channels, and so on.
Business adjustment cycles, short-term rapid “freezing” of bottom demand, and companies’ performance through a series of initiatives, such as the liberalization of universal market rights. In 2017, after $30 billion in harvests, there was a clear upward trend in consumption in the white wine industry, which coincided with a transformation of companies in terms of mechanisms, organization, products, channels, etc.
In 2013, the industry experienced a contraction of demand as a result of policy influences and the freezing of high-end white wine scenes, with negative feedback from the channel on the "Batch Price Inflated Effect".
Set up, open distribution rights to attract new entrants, and to smooth the swings in the industry cycle. Second, with regard to consumer growth, the company’s marketing team has continued to work on the rim at the bottom of the industry, starting to switch to business needs and public consumption, adapting to changes in the consumer population in advance.
Reform of reserve capacity, with growth releasing when industrial demand recovered in 2016, driving companies into “second-level” growth with both grain fluids and ocean river shares, both through full-scale \triangleright
The new branding strategy creates a new engine of growth and increases profit through flatening channels, investment of resources, and adjustment. We find that the five grain fluids and river shares have broken through 30 billion crops or have several commonalities: 1) the external demand environment is in a changing direction.
In the consumer upgrading route, consumer brand awareness and the flat-down of the channel give a better external environment to the five grains. 2) The product system has an iterative effect, reshaping the profit from the channel. In 2019, the product system was upgraded, the product system was recommenced, the sku was reduced, the brand focus was reduced, and so forth.
Blue, re-engineering channel profits, extension of product life cycle, etc., 3) marketing organization changes systematically. HQ has completed branding department reforms, dividing 21 marketing areas and 60 marketing bases, achieving regional flat- level management and functional pre-reforms, etc. Ocean River shares revolve around “Headquarters General, Department of Enterprise”
The strategy is to complete the restructuring of the marketing organization, which now forms six provinces and out-of-country, four provinces and two Shanxi wines with an external demand environment similar to the one in 2013, but the company has taken the initiative to reform and change the profile. After the release of the dividends of the reform of state companies since 2018, Shanxi wine has been added to the demand of the industry for a better five-year period.
High-speed growth on the right. But, in 2023, the recovery in the fragmentation of demand in the sector was accompanied by a state-of-the-art bottleneck in corporate development. Since then, companies have been engaged in systemic internal and external reforms, such as changes in marketing organizations, changes in channel-fee models, and optimization of consumer-breeding practices, to protect their health.
The stock price review shows that there are significant excess gains after short-term replacements. With four companies ' historical stock prices, performance, macro and industry, we find that: 1) apart from the five grain fluids, we benefited from a better external demand environment in 2017, with significant excess gains.
If you are exposed to external demand or environmental impacts, the pace of business activity will be magnified. 2) During the period before the pace of operation is adjusted, there is a marked overscaling of alcohol stock prices to reflect the cyclical fluctuations in demand in the industry. For example, Mount 202,302, stock price volatility is magnified by the external environment, 2023q3 is highlighted by the effect of the reform of the channels, the Shanxi Liquor Order.
3) From the point of view of the excess revenue, business and organizational capacity are expected to release and thus contribute to the excess revenue when the liquor company breaks through a specific collection volume. In the light of the above, we believe that Shanxi wine pre-empts the industry's key adjustment and that, with the orderly release of the business performance, the company may have been able to do so in 2024-2025.
1.3 Reciprocal Five: Prices (products) upgrades to ensure continued healthy development Introduction: Recapitulation of the history of Guotai, Five Grain fluids, we found that the key to how you break the business cycle is price upgrades, and then, under the protection of Beta, to break the monolithic development trap, including by delabelling.
So, for the bottom $30 billion of wine, there is also a need to break through business bottlenecks through product rotational upgrades, price breakthroughs, and so on. Continued price upgrades (product upgrades) are the key to generating revenue from 30 billion to 50 billion in Guizhou.
They're back on the growth path of “10 billion-30 billion-50 billion-100 billion-100 billion” to explore the development path of the 30 billion-year-old generation of wine revenues.) From $10 billion to $30 billion: you've got a high-end leader in the state.
During the Golden Age, Mao Dai completed the cyclical development of core opinion leaders, which coincided with the dividends of the real-estate cycle, with companies predominantly flying, raising prices, and a smooth break-through of 30 billion dollars. Among these, from 2010 to 2012, the Mao Dai camp grew from 30 billion to 50 billion.
In 2013-2017, the huts grew from 60 billion + to 100 billion +. Driven by rising industry consumption.
In 2022 to date, Mao Dai has entered the post-billion era, where companies are expected to make incremental changes, such as reform of the channel.
In terms of effective demand extraction, in addition to “juvenileization” of the water test, companies have been active in increasing the growth of the business group’s procurement channels. Reciprocal five grain fluids, and the creation of a second-growth curve, are key to breaking the price balance at the end of a single product.
The history of the development of the past five grains has led to a diagnosis of the next 30 billion years, the quantitative balance of the five monolithics, and the structure of the channels. For the next 30 billion years, it may be necessary to pre-position them at such dimensions as price increases and channel reform, avoiding the ensuing overdependence on the Queens 20.
1) In 2009, the five grains fell by 10 billion. The five grains expanded rapidly at low cost through the zero-em-plus business model. However, the front-line management + the multisku expansion model also led to the dilution of food brands and weak access control.
2 2) In 2017, the five grain camps broke 30 billion dollars. During the 2013-2015 industrial depth adjustment period, the five grains lost the right to price the industry, leading to a prolonged business adjustment cycle. Subsequently, the five grains reached a breakthrough of 30 billion dollars in the context of rising consumption. However, the five grains were collected.
Breaking through is more of a quantitative contribution that has not been achieved through price instruments, such as sales of staples +19 per cent/+9 per cent in 2016-2017. 3) In 2019, the five grain camps were able to harvest 50 billion dollars.
Reforms at multiple dimensions, such as products, channels, and tissues, are fully compatible with the 30-billion-old five-food fluids of the post-basket era. More than 50-billion harvests have been achieved through, for example, channel sinking, while, in the context of macro-economic slowdown, growth is overstretched on eight-generation five-generation fluids or into bulk price bottlenecks.
1.4 Reciprocal Rivers: Regional Protector Rivers are key to exploring patterns of product upgrading Introduction: in 2023, the Shanxi Liquor Camp received 30 billion camps, and we answered the question of: (a) when did the Ocean River share slow down in nationalization, and (b) Shanxi Liquor, through a two-time nationalization process of rediscovery and comparison of the Ocean River shares?
Is there any chance of a slowdown in the future? 2) After the historical bottlenecks of growth in the provincial markets, the river’s shares have not been carefully managed in order to consolidate the development base and provide a basis for product upgrading.
In the industry adjustment cycle, the speed and ability to restructure the product is the key factor in determining the sustainability of the performance of sub-high-end liquor businesses nationwide. By comparing the Shanxi wine, the Penang cellar, the Ocean River shares, the Guai Goon, etc.
Shanxi wine has been found to grow in a similar way to Yani River shares in product structure and product. Similar one: rising from low to high prices. Shanxi wine in brand layout, product line design, single item \triangleright
The dimensions of the development path, etc., are very similar to the shares of the ocean river: Ocean River shares first launched the Blue Classic series in 2003, and the subsequent fission of the Dream Blue series into dream 3 Crystal, Dream 6+, Dream 9, Manual Classes, etc., covers over $300 price bands. Similar to the Ocean River, Shanxi wine uses "cool."
A single brand runs through three low-price bands in high school, and cracks the Saffron series on the basis of the Saffron brand, thereby covering more than $400. For example, the saffron developed in 1997 and the Cinderella Ceramics have evolved over more than 20 years, forming 20, 25, 30 Saffrons.
The lower-end product matrix of Xinghua, Xinghua 40, Chinese Dragon, and more. Figure 8: Recaution versus two nationalizations of Ocean River shares. Similar two: from the region to the country, the nationalization path is similar.
\triangleright, in a certain similarity, the first round of nationalization is carried out through low-end products that foster consumer groups (the blue blue of the Bosunvs) and the second round through sub-high-end products (20vsm6+).
Reliance on out-of-provincial markets (intra-provincial fundamentals are the regulation of company performance). We believe that Shanxi wine can smooth growth by saving internal and external business rhythms and that there will be no significant slowdown in 2024: 1) the market in Shanxi can provide a stable profit pool and a pool of talent (no need to worry about other wines in the province).
In a horizontal comparison, Ocean River shares take control of the mainstream price belt, which leads to problems of access, organization, product structure, etc. We find that, once the liquor industry has received a certain amount of weight, when the growth catcher is missing, the economy is losing.
When the base is relaxed, it tends to highlight organizational problems. So we need to look at the ability to build the Shanxi Liquor Market and the ability to upgrade the prices within the province.
It is a relatively weak market in the province, where rum has largely completed the process of reversing the local use of alcohol, which is “multiple and dispersible” and has achieved a complete game of chess in the province. (2) From the point of view of its ability to function through channels, it has essentially achieved a direct terminal through the “combining works” in the province, and more so is the function of money, storage and distribution in the province.
In support of its probabilities, the rum has also succeeded in creating a market for the country’s external base and the replicability of the side-checking model. 3) In terms of price break-through, the wine is used in a cost-disbursing and guided manner, so as to create a culture of consumption in the province and accelerate the achievement of consumption in the province.
In the billions of years, there is a need to protect the provincial market and to explore a path to a sustained breakthrough in prices, to provide a development buffer for nationalization, and to organize it in a timely manner, with a full priced layout of the wine and a faster restructuring of the product.
Liquor has a layout in all price bands, has a faster restructuring of products in different demand cycles, is able to better iron the fluctuations in demand, and has been strengthened by the weakness of the Sansai wine to better balance business needs as a channel to channel currents and consumer-breeding products.
3) There is much room for expansion of the Shanxi Liquor product line, with a single series of over-occupancys leading to growth failures, with projected income of 50 billion years or periodic growth pressures. In terms of product structure, the 2023 Young Flower series accounts for about 44% (46%) of Shanxi Liquor, while the blue classics of the ocean river cover the same period.
In terms of the ability of the wine industry to expand, we are far below the proportion of the blue classics of the same period. For the time being, we will not grow weak due to a single series of over-representations. In terms of the growth ceiling, we will not dwell on the previously measured growth space of the product sub-regions.
For a detailed survey, see Shanxi Wine: A New Growing Week, released in March 2023. Because of the high self-interest and channel profits of the Bodium series, we cut out the Bodium series and look at the growing ceiling of the Bodino, which, after our calculations, is expected to be more than $50 billion.
The current bottleneck of growth. Figure 11: Comparison of Shanxi Liquor with the Core Branding Series 1.5 Historical Opportunities: Historically, industry has been undergoing a process of re-engineering of channel resources for each round of adjustment.
Over the past few rounds of industry restructuring, which was a process of secondary distribution of channel resources and consumer resources, we have since 2005 retraced the flow of resources from the white and wine industry, which has seen three large-scale channels in industry history:
1. In 2005-2006, the White Liquor industry consumption tax was reformed, the industry stage was disturbed, the price of the five batches was reversed, and the price of the huts remained flattened and the channel flattened, to which part of the amount was obtained), with a second shift in the group ' s purchasing resources in 2013-2015.
The shift in the fee-paying population, the re-engineering of industry consumers, channels, etc., and the timely shift of alcohol companies like Mao Dai towards fostering business and popular demand, ensuring a rigid price system, while opening up distribution rights to access funds, 2018-2019, under a trade friction between China and the United States, was the scene of a double criminal at the managerial and channel level in some of the liquor companies.
In 2024, in the context of a three-round shift in resources from the White Wine industry, we believe, in the context of the continuing low profits from the channel, the deteriorating profitability of the terminal smoke hotel & the deteriorating cash flow, and the strategic mistakes of some of the liquor companies, we believe that we've been able to find a way out of this.
High-channel Māori, high turnover varieties are expected to achieve non-linear growth by further acquiring more dealer and terminal resources after internal streamlining.
From 2022, the white wine industry entered the current period, and we found new variables in the industry, with “information accelerating fragmentation” at the consumer level, and “centres of power weakening” at the core.
Characteristics of the conglomerate, the rise in the marginal cost of consumer development, which in turn magnifies the endowments of stock-consumption alcohol companies, the deterioration of dealers and terminal subsistence margins, the increase in claims for cash and turnover, and the cost of market openings and access to new products. So, depending on the state of demand and supply, we find that the cost of access is higher.
The white wine industry or the “extension zone” is in the middle of a “condensed zone.” In the face of changes in industry patterns, we re-examine and think about the growth logic of Shanxi wine: Shanxi wine was adjusted before the industry in 2023, the internal benefits of the organization were re-established ahead of time, and Xinghua 20 and Bochi were saved by super-high profits and turnover rates.
A rapid breakthrough in the external market, cutting off more channel resources (distributors or terminal resources, etc.), or promising to be beneficiaries of the current industry adjustment period.
Figure 17: Industry is expected to start its fourth channel resource conversion in 2022.
At the bottom, the bottom-driven approach can be divided into three stages: channel-driven, supply-and-demand-driven, and organizational-driven. As demand and demand evolve, wine develops or moves into an organizational-driven, channel-driven phase.
At the channel level, rums are managed in a hierarchy of distributors and end-users through a “happiness” that provides a solid basis for follow-up consumer operations. On the whole, we believe that they are still in the supply-and-demand-driven phase, followed by internal streamlining, short-circuiting, or moving into a new stage of development.
2.1 Talent-building: Re-organizing the internal structure, setting up the talent ladder, passing through the cycle of four rounds of state-owned reform support, and conducting a full-scale internal collage in 2023. We repeat the reform of Shanxi wine and food and beverage plates, and we find that the essence of the reform of state-owned enterprises is institutional reform, internal reform.
“Rights and responsibilities” are appropriate, which leads to systematic optimization of organizational structures, channel models, staffing, etc., and finally to feedback on marketing. Shanxi wine has been reformed since the four rounds, its channels have been flattened, refined, and its organizational model is well matched to the company’s development stage during each change cycle.
In 20202, a comprehensive reform of the internal and external dimensions of organization, mechanisms, people, channel models, etc. was initiated, which allowed companies to move into the last 30 billion years and to create a better basis for the 30-year revival version. After three years of business restructuring, a strategic vision was developed, and an efficient marketing site was put in place.
In terms of the business development life cycle, the share of income outside Shanxi Liquor Province was less than 50% before 2019. As the wine became national (about 62% in 2023), companies urgently needed to optimize their workforce, for example by restructuring their personnel structure and increasing their external recruitment.
We believe that the systematic formation of the workforce is a determining factor in the recovery of wine, as well as laying the groundwork for the 30-year-old rejuvenation of the high-end wine management pool.
Figure 21: The ratio of more than one in 2023 (excluding R & D staff, % of people) Business teams are moving in an orderly manner, and the workforce is constantly being built. As brand and product-based wine companies, the bottom logic of growth relies more on brand power and fragrance, etc., in organization, management, channels.
The year 2024 was a year of management improvement, with a low external recruitment rate for the marketing team, and a better structure for the workforce; and a regional shift, with the exception of Shandong, Henan, Shaanxi and others.
Rotation, expected normal rotation in the marketing area of the company; 4) matching of marketing organizations, 2023q2 companies with price increases, vague returns, customer classification management, etc., with the right marketing rhythm. 2.2 Channel reform: full progress in the promotion of merit and cost-reform enablers
The introduction: “Handings” is an important catcher in the reform of the Shanxi Liquor Channel & Cost Reform, with companies completing marketing and end-level management on the basis of “happiness” and thus consumer upbringing through bc-connected approaches. The model of “happiness” will be broken down in depth below, compared with wine companies like the old cellars in Kyushu.
The stability of the price system and the ability to implement it on the ground are at the heart of the reform of the channel. In the channel model, the wine is based on the stability of the price system and the ability to implement it on the ground. Four major systems will be built in the future: 1) a fee-paying system based on sweep numbers; 2) a resource allocation system centred on channel management; 3) a regional front end.
In 2024, the company will use the "Hands of Merit" as a reform vehicle, a full-scale online five-yard system, external third-party market inspectors, enhanced end-control capabilities, and a full-source "discount" of control points.
Fig. 22: A system for the management of the operation of fine-tuning wines based on graded distributors, cost placements, evaluation incentives, etc.
The plan costs management system will be set up to control the market and it will be “no clean, no store, no leak, no penalty” and the cost will be fully spent.