14 March 2025: Wang Yun, annual report 2024, 27,617 million yuan of operating income in 2024, a year-on-year increase
The net cash flow from operating activities increased by 4.402 billion yuan, or 5 per cent. The annual growth rate was 13 per cent, of which 1) 12.482 billion yuan in operating healthy consumer goods.
The same-year increase of 14.13 per cent and the Māori rate of 61 per cent, with brand otc continuously reinforcing the combination of flu, skin, gastrointestinal products, building a full course of disease management and comprehensive solutions; professional branding continuing with new products and optimizing consumer experience. 2) The prescription drug business achieved operating income of $6.06 billion, an increase of 15 per cent.
: chengpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn has a 48% Māori rate, and Chinese pharmaceutical operations are actively embracing.
Policy trends have reduced profits in the industry, and corporate whole-chain value management has become increasingly important. 3) Song Li Quan Pharmacy business earns $5.213 billion, an increase of 7 per cent over the same period, Māori rate of 64 per cent, and 2024 Quan Pharmacy.
The group completes the acquisition of 51% of the share in the Fire, and in the future the “Thai” and the “King” will set the market by making a distinction: songliying_yj@chinastock.com.cn, creating a brand of “777” and making a strong 3-7-part formulation and upgrading the market.
Inner + Outside M & A Growth Corporation, the company is committed to becoming a leader in the pharmaceutical health industry. 1) The company has been closely guided by its strategic direction by the successful completion of more than 10 M & A transactions since 2012 such as Aono Pharmacy, Quen Pharmaceuticals Group, building competitive advantages in a number of strategic areas such as slow disease management, child-friendly mines, etc.
In August 2024, after 2023, the company proposed to receive $6.2 billion of sodium diaphragm to be reconnected to more than 30 provinces and cities and to be included in the 2024 health insurance catalogue;
Formal commercialization. The scale of R & D investment has been growing year by year, from 581 million yuan in 2020 to 2024 in the field of medicine, skin, respiratory, anti-infection treatment, where several products are in the clinical ii/iii phase. 3) The efficacy of deep-deep farming channels throughout the world, and Chc operations are based on 39 trade routes, with the best quality in the country.
There is extensive collaboration between distributors and chain terminals, covering more than 600,000 pharmacies across the country. Prescriptions cover thousands of level hospitals across the country, tens of thousands of primary health-care facilities, and actively embrace the wave of Internet-based medicine.
Investment recommendations: As a domestic chc leader, companies have a clear brand advantage, external M & As plus endogenousity Comparable companies with an 18-fold average of pe in 2025, company valuation levels are lower than comparable company pe averages, taking into account the apparent platform and brand value of the company, the ability to extend M & As and the ability to perform well in the future
Longness, for the first time, with a “recommended” rating. Not as high as expected risk; higher risk of collection or fee reduction than expected in the market.
China's health is an important aspect of China's health. China's health is a self-diagnostic and Chinese medicine platform. China's self-diagnostic and Chinese medicine platform, under the auspices of China's group, is a Chinese medicine platform under the auspices of China's group.
Mergers and acquisitions of high-quality Chinese medicine resources, M & A acquisition of Quan Pharmacy Group, proposed acquisition of Tinshi Lei, expansion and diversification of operations in recent years to further increase the concentration of the Chinese medicine sector, improve the plight of low industrial concentration, actively play the important role of Chinese medicine in the management of undiseased diseases and in the rehabilitation of slow diseases, and (i) sustain a steady and long-term growth in the performance of medicines available at home.
The sales of home-based generic drugs, such as cold medicine, have continued to grow steadily over the long term. China's income grew steadily from $7.3 billion in 2014 to $27.6 billion in 2024, with a 14 per cent annual compound growth rate. The net return profit grew from $1 billion in 2014 to Chc's good business development, with a rapid recovery under the low base of prescription drug operations and $3.4 billion in 2024, a year-on-year increase.
At 18%, the net profit from non-mortality was $3.1 billion, an increase of 15% over the same period. At Māori and net interest rates, the company has remained relatively stable for the last 10 years.
Figure 7: From the valuation point of view, the value zone of the company has been relatively stable for the past five years, with a central valuation of about 18 x. (ii) Inner + extra-extension dual energy, with an active deployment of the large health industry
Bed ii/iii. In the development and development of new products, clinical values are the focus of the core area, layout products are being developed and research projects are under way. The two products of the diaphragm spray, sodium glass acid drops and eye drops have been approved, further enriching the skin and eye fields. The classics of the two classics, namely, soup particles, cinnamons and cinnamons, have been approved for listing, contributing to the transformation of ancient classics in modern times.
Figure 9: R & D costs (millions of yuan) and R & D cost rates
Merger and acquisition, enhanced end-covering, further upgrading of product lines, and increased corporate strength led to the acquisition of enterprises such as Guangdong Songfeng, Gui Lin Tian, Jilin and Soon-Chu, Hangzhou, Kunming São Fung, and Uno. Two listed companies, the Kun Pharmacy Group and Tianxil, began in 2022 and began buying and buying, respectively, two companies.
The company acquired 100% of the shares of the Zhejiang Pharmacists, Kunming St. Powder Industries, supplementing the company's antibiotic oral preparations product line, while acquiring the blood-placing soft capsules of the King of Lycón.
..by acquiring shares in the Sant'Tung Sea, Aono, helping companies quickly replenish mainstream health products and varieties, marching into the Great Healthy Blue Sea Market, buying Shenzhen Hua Yu Hall, actively transforming the development of Chinese drug-supplementing branding on-the-line, and building a national drug business development platform, based on the qualifications and retailing experience of the company's front-line operations.
• In January 2020, the company formally completed a business change in the 100 per cent equity acquisition by Arno (China) Pharmaceuticals Ltd., introduced a well-known calcium for children, enriched the line of paediatric products;
In 2024, the company announced that it was going to buy Tianxil, which would be a medium-medicative innovation, and in 2022, Hua Yun completed the M & A with the Kun Pharmacy Group, which was traded at approximately $2.9 billion and won 28% of the KNDU shares.
In the field of natural plant medicine, the Kun Group has a deep accumulation of technology and a rich product line, such as the blood-septo-line series and the Kun-China drug series. This merger gives Hua Yu 39 absolute voice on the blood-smoking soft capsule product line, not only cutting into the cardiovascular disease treatment drug market, expanding the border of operations, but also bringing together the two blood-smoking soft capsules through the integration of the Holy Fire and the Kun medicine.
At the same time, when the M&A is completed, the Kuen Pharmacy Group combines production, marketing, and research and development to improve its profitability by optimizing the production process. On 4 August 2024, China Yuen offered $6.2 billion in yuan to buy $418 million in the Tsingle stock.
28%. With this change in interest, China will be the controlling shareholder of Tianxli, and China will be the actual controlling agent of Tianxli, and the project will continue to advance. The technological advantages of Tianxian is clear in the area of innovation in drug research and development, which in 2024 will amount to 1,039 million yuan in research and development and 830 million yuan in research and development costs, which will be among the top of the list of companies in China.
Chemical, biological, 27 in clinical trials, and 22 in clinical ii and iii. Second, the Pre-Pharma City is leading the process, and the operational boundaries are expanding.
The business consists of four lines of business: otc, professional brands, health and rehabilitation of slow-diseases, and the company is now a leading company in the country ' s otc brand + channel, with not only high brand recognition, but also high product terminal coverage, covering more than 400,000 pharmacies across the country, and 999 cold-spill particles are now final retail drugstores. At the same time, companies have advantages in branding, channel management, and so on.
Channels and distribution networks help companies to continuously increase end-to-reach and city-to-city rates of old and new products. Companies actively expand and rapidly supplement Chinese medicine and high-health product lines through collaboration with large overseas players, mergers and acquisitions of high-quality domestic firms, while using strong marketing capacity to enable new products to be quickly released and cash-flow counter-breeding companies to expand their product lines as products become profitable.
chc has a high level of recognition and a high line of prescriptions. It currently covers nearly 10 categories of flu, pediatrics, gastrointestinals, osteoporology, etc., and actively extends to prevention, rehabilitation, etc. The brand is at the forefront of the domestic market.
Fig. 13: Cyclops 1 and 1: As a star product of Cyclops 39, sales have continued to rise over the years, staying in the forefront of cold-type otc drugs, which have become a current product of retail pharmacies. The Pyroclastic Particle Method is a common symptom of the flu, coupled with large-scale advertising placements and products.
According to Minnet, in 2023, China’s three major end-points had a cold that had been sold more than 21 billion yuan, and in the first half of 2024 more than 10 billion yuan, despite being affected by the epidemic’s cycle.
In the first half of 2024, China’s city’s real-world drug store terminal was the first to become a drug-level group. The top 5-tier group was the China-Line Medicines Group, the Open Pharmacy Group, the Elixir Industry, and the Yunnan Pharmacy Pharmacy. Of these, Chinese medicine accounted for 36.49% of the market, the second-largest group accounted for 8.19%, and the Chinese-Long Medicines Market was a significant leader.
Figure 15: 2024h1 Top 5 Group 2, 39 stomach Thai: In the field of gastrointestinal medicine, 39 stomach Thai is the head product of the gastrointestinal otc drug. With its unique Chinese formulation, it effectively alleviates symptoms such as stomach pain, stomach swelling, and has a high degree of loyalty in the market through years of brand build-up and medical recommendations.
In 2023, the total market size of the three main markets in China was 10.4 billion yuan. At the public medical terminal, the two exclusive products of Yangzijiang were sold at a higher level; at the physical pharmacy terminal, Hua Yun ranked 394 exclusive products at the top;
Since 2021, the market size of medium-sized drugs (basket inflammation, ulcers) has continued to grow, growing by 2.55% in 2023, and sales have risen to $2.8 billion in almost nine years.
Highest value. China Yu 39 maintained a leading position in 2015-2023, with a market share of more than 17% for the last three years. 3 Skin irritation: “Red” skin irritation is cotrimoxazole; “Green ” skin irritation is molymuth gel. Both components are sugar cortex hormones with anti-inflammation, an itching, allergy, and can be used for skin irritation, humid rashes, contact.
In 2023, the domestic market for dermal medicines was 25.7 billion yuan, and the share of online channels was increasing. On the online market, the market for dermal medicines grew steadily between 2021 and July 2024, with sales reaching 2023.
Uno: After the purchase of the Arno pharmaceutical by Luang San, its core product, calcium glucanoate, has shown remarkable performance in oral solutions for diseases caused by calcium deficiency, zinc, including osteoporosis, twitching of hand and foot, incomplete bone development, hysteria, pregnant and nursing women, menopause women, calcium supplementation, stunting of children, lack of appetite, anorexia, repeated oral ulcers, and scabies.
According to Minnet, in 2024, q1-q3 Chinese city-based pharmaceutical stores sold at a terminal value of $1.6 billion. Actively expanding product lines and increasing the hard power of chic operations.
Oral cerebral cerebrovascular drugs are clogged with soft capsules, calcium, vitamins, etc.
(i) The brand value-builder, the mooring company, is the lifeline of the chc commercial competition. Medicines are the product of life necessity, especially the chic self-diagnostic products, whose consumer products are clearly characterized as low unit prices, high consumption, and high purchasing frequency.
Prominent brand preferences also tend to be more focused on promotional activities and more price-sensitive. Figure 17: Need for consumer goods properties. Deep-farming branding over the last 30 years. Communication with the public brand.
In the 1990s, the 39th Group launched the “999” brand, spearheaded by “999 stomachs,” which quickly emerged in the market with its remarkable therapeutic and easy-to-record branding. The company then continued to launch products such as the 999 cold spells, further expanding branding through large-scale advertising, especially during the year’s branding of the polycryptics and hot dramas.
In addition, China's long-term involvement in public goods, such as the “child-friendly” public service, has shaped the image of a good brand. For nearly 30 years, brand farming, companies have continued to optimize brand management, integrate product lines under the flag, and strengthen the core values of the “999” brand.
Since 2000, the “999” brand has become a well-known pharmaceutical brand, with growing market influence. In recent years, companies have continued to focus on product branding, increasing market extension costs, and increasing market marketing costs.
Market extension costs grew rapidly after the year, reaching $4.7 billion in 2024. Figure 19: Market extension costs and business extension costs (millions of dollars) is gaining prominence in brand value. Brand value is understood as a net economic gain for brand owners by licensing the brand on the open market.
Beneficiary. The British brand assessment agency Brandfinance published the “China's top-value pharmaceutical brand list report 2024”, analysing and ranking the 15 most valuable Chinese pharmaceutical brands in 2024, of which China Yun was ranked eighth in the ninth place, with a brand value of $340 million, and ranked third in the Chinese brand after the Guang Pharmacy Group, Yunnan White.
Figure 20: China's pharmaceutical brand value list Brand-led products: The high level of market recognition for many products under the flag is expected to generate long-term growth. After years of growth, China Yu has achieved a high degree of recognition in both the consumer and pharmaceutical industries for the “999” series of brands.
Products such as pharmaceuticals end-marketing bright, day-to-day and card-series orthotic products are in the leading position in the relevant class of products at the end-market level. The high level of brand recognition and scarcity under the 39 flags are expected to increase market penetration further in the light of the trend of the new retailing of medicines, with potential for long-term growth. (ii) Channel capacity is strong, with a digital conversion with codes.
Strong channel system management and terminal coverage are one of the company’s core strengths. Chc’s operations are based on a 39-business customer system, with extensive and in-depth collaboration with the country’s best-quality distributors and chain terminals, covering more than 600,000 pharmacies across the country, establishing strategic collaboration with the Greater Kyoto Pharmacy, Ali’s Healthy Pharmacy, Safe Doctors, etc., to further explore the potential for online growth and marketing patterns.
The Institute, which has tens of thousands of primary health-care institutions, is actively exploring the Internet health-care market. Digital centres have been set up over time, and new retail outlets have been changing “three steps”. As drug purchases continue to move up the line, companies are paying close attention to digitalization and new retailing trends, working together to enhance digitalization centres, deepen power-marketing platforms, set up Internet-based medical platforms, and adjust Internet-based health-care platforms.
The entire product structure, the transfer of branding, the promotion of online integration, the establishment of new marketing partnerships and the strengthening of new retail infrastructure, among others, have kept ahead of the ranks of a wide range of goods such as electric power promotion activities, flu cough, hemorrhoids, liver and gall drugs, and vitamins. Digital enabling sales, manufacturing, patient management, and combinations have increased.
Smart manufacturing is one of the core advantages that companies focus on: visualization, perception, and product-to-end control and optimization through new technologies in smart manufacturing. The company’s deep blue (intelligent manufacturing) laboratories use technologies such as 5g, block chains, digital binary, cloud computing, i-intellectual production equipment to upgrade traditional drug manufacturing systems and accelerate the digital transition and the modernization of Chinese medicine.
Several production bases have continued to promote the construction of smart manufacturing, such as the Jaguar base, the Yaan Sanix, and the Hua Yun Jinjun factory. At 2024, the Global Conference on Digital Ecology (GAD) was held at the Institute of Intellectual Medicine, and China signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Tsingyun, creating the “Songsong butlers” which is an i-intellectual assistant based on new technologies such as the tweaking of medical models, cloud computing, etc., committed to providing easy and high access to users.
Effective health services will continue to evolve through user feedback and the upgrading of the foundational capabilities of large models. The current digitalization oriented towards health needs, the dynamic development of individualized health management, the use of Tototem, and the 39th China Yu will comprehensively upgrade the service capacity of health management.
(iii) The combined strength of the industry is at the top of the list of high-quality Chinese pharmaceutical companies, with China Yun’s 39 performance on a number of indicators. In terms of revenue collection, China Yun collected $24.7 billion in 1992 and a combined growth rate of 22 per cent in 2020-2023, mainly due to the influence of the Quan Pharmaceutical Group in 2023.
With a 29% net interest rate in 2023 for the drug industry, leading the industry; a 14% net interest rate in 2023 for the compatriots; and a 2023 net white pill for Yunnan, the combined strength of Hua Yun is strong in terms of both collection, profitability, and stability, and the share of red. Better rates, product marketing strategies, R & D strategies will continue the company’s long-term strategic development strategy, with expected future sales rates, management rates, research rates, etc.
(3) Traditional National Medicines (Quan Pharmacy): With the development and marketing of the 39 trades enabling Quanx Group, retail, packaged printing and other major operations are expected to take place in 2025-2027: due to the fast growth of the plate collection in 2023 and the Quanx Group, we will use the three-phased dcf method for absolute valuation in the future. Phase I is 2025-2027, based on profit projections in this section and its appendix;
We have selected three home-based otc companies, the Yookawa Pharmacy, the Yunnan Pharmacy, and the Coroner House as comparable companies, with an average of 18 times the value of pe in 2025. The company’s valuation level is below the comparable company-pe average, considering the company’s obvious platform and brand value and its ability to extend and buy, we believe that there is room for improvement in the company’s valuation.
The company, as a national chc leader, has a clear brand advantage, and an outward M & As plus endogenous development two steps, will result in an optimal product structure 14/12/10 times higher than the comparable company pe average, with a valuation level below comparable, taking into account the apparent platform and brand value of the company, the extended acquisition capability, the growth of future performance, the first coverage, and a “recommended” rating.
1. Macroeconomic pressures increase the risk of an inadequate growth in roughly pharmaceutical consumption capacity. Macroeconomic pressures can lead to local fiscal strains, and health-care policies, such as the strict implementation of drig/dip, place greater pressure on medical consumption. The population’s willingness to self-consumption is likely to decline, affecting the increase in medical consumption.
3. The risk of collecting or charging lower prices than expected in the market. Collecting or charging lower prices than expected in the market or leading to a squeeze in the profits of the enterprise, and the impact of competition in the market, the quality of medicines and the security of supply.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities customers, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the appropriate matching of investors and fully understand the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may arise if you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent an absence of assurance of accuracy or completeness as a result of the sale, subscription or other financial instruments. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.