I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, I've got a lot of work to do, a lot of work, a lot of work, a lot of work, a lot of work, a lot of work, a lot of work, a lot of work, a lot of work, a lot of work, a lot of work, a lot of work, a lot of work, a lot of work, a lot of work, a lot of work, a lot of work, a lot of work, a lot of work.
Thatitsrivalxinchaomediahassecureredfrombaiduandothers, marktcap: rmb82.3bn/$11.9bn mightleadtoalonger-than-expectedpricewar.ence,wecutour
Source: rmb78.6bn/$11.4bn 2018e-21eepsby 1.6%-20% toreflectlowerrevenueaswellas 3madtv: rmb791.8mn/$114.4mn
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, gsforeast maintainbuyonattivalation (thestockistradingat 14x2019ep/evs.anaveregeof20forgloballoutdooradvertising)
I don't know what you're talking about, people, and 18 xaveragefordmedicapers.
Accordingtoctr, Chinaadvertisementextractional gsfactorprofile media (ex-internetmedia)
I'm sorry, why don't you tell me what you're talking about, why don't you tell me what you're talking about?
Posteradsmaintaidreactivelytablegroveth, increating 23.9%/23.6% yoynott, reciprocatingly, vs.26%/25%inept.002027.szrelativetoasiaex.japancoverage
00227. szrelativetoa-sharemedia however,wethinktheimpactfromfrontheadwindsrightother expandtoinnerbuildingadversionextendure,andnotably
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it, and I's just:,
But, in fact, I don't know what I'm talking about, but, in fact, I don't know what I'm talking about, but, in fact, I don't know what I'm talking about, but, you know, I don't know, I don't know what I'm talking about, but, you know, I don't know what I'm talking about, but, you know, I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, report. inventors should negotiate aportactionalactionalactionalactoratingtheirinvestmentdecations.forregac certificationandotherimportantdiscustures, seethedisclaureappendix, oroto analystswithfinraintheu.
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}ratios & valuation growth & margins (%)_
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something, but we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of something.
I'd like you to know that I'm not the only one in the world who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
6-9montthstimelagintheadvertisementcylevs. macroeconomicgroveth,wethink 2019grothmeightseeadragbromade Europeaninfmcgadvertising.furthmore, internetadvertisingmightcontinueitsingle-digitgitgrothinnerbuildingmediaeven
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Overageof 700kelevatosbecauseofthemacroeconomicuncertainties, communication armisstillnotdidarmedfromfocusmedia'sdicative.accreditingtotheceoof xinchao (aspermediareporteddecement10frromwalltreetcn.com), the company
Butisstillrunningalossandwouldketomonizezezeteoporofthecurrentworkwork.weseethisasasignalofalofallserviceoftheelevator
I don't know if you're going to do it, but you're going to have to do it.
I don't know, itlatest500k-1mnecreastargetifcompelation presseusesup, and the company mightfocusmoreonthemonetizationoofof the screenroll-outplanfor2019isduetoseveractors (1) the macroheadwindsbringlessles
Thelowdownofcompetitors' work experience, and 3) fousmediavillhaveveveveveoped1.1-1.2mnnewsreensasofafend 2018, muchmorethantherepveroustargetof1mnenetinapril, and thecompanyhas
I'm not sure if you're the only one in the world, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Numberofadderminalsineveratortostoreach2.95mn/3.42mnin2019/20(downfrom 3.71mn/4.92mnfor2019/20preciously), imprinting 14% and 16%groveth, inlinewith the terminal)grothtocontinuedeclineby 2%-3% During2019-20asdemandgroth
I don't know, maybe the best thing about this is that I'm not the only one who's going to do it, but I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, either.
Wethinkxinchaomediavill 6%-7% offusmedia's)
Continuesolosemoneyforollionitproactivelystopspripspricewarandfouses moreoronprofitabilityandmonetization.Chancesofaco-existingdualoligarchi and rketstructureingrunnareindreasing, inourview,andifthappensweexpecect
I don't know what you're talking about.
Wecutour 2018e-2021erevenueforfocusmediaby 1.3%-13.7% mainlytorfect loweradvertissingsendon thebackofmacroecroconomicuncertancys.wenowextect business (thelargestbusiness, negotiating 80%offtotalrevenue), weexpectrevenue
♪ Growthtoslowdowntoothehemid-teenlevelin4q 18andthensignificantly slowfurtherto 10% yoyin2019 ♪ ♪ similarthathappenedddurring 2013-14 whhenchinagpgrrowthalso facedstrangeheadwindwinds.after 2019, weexpectgrovethtorecovermoderatedlyto 14%
And 15% on thebackoftheteconomystatibilizingandmonetizationofthenewsreen format -theeverticalscreencustomizedforlbs (local-based) localadvertisers. wethinkcogswillcontinuetogrogropidly (at 35% yoyin 2019 and 20% in 2020).
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know if you're going to be able to do this, but you're not going to be able to do it.
Weexpectnitodeclineby 8% yoyin 2019 estermb 5.58b duetoloweraspandhigher postperscreen.source: companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch
I don't know what you're talking about.
Source: companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch following thecuttoourestimates, welowerour12-mttorm 7.89 (wasrmb11.67). ourtmethodologyisstillbasenp/e, Butwerollbackthetargetyearntrom2021to
2020, tobettertextnear-termgrovethmomentum, andwenowapplyamultulpleof 20x (was 23x) aswebenchmarktoglobalpeers'current12mforwards/elevels.we continuedisaccountto2019using8%coe.wemaintaininabuyratingon
If you're going to get a job, you're going to have to get a job, and you're going to get a job, and you're going to get a job, and you're going to get a job, and you're going to get a job, and you're going to get a job, and you're going to get a job, and you're going to get a job, and you're going to get a job, and you're going to get a job, and you're going to get a job, and you're going to get a job, and you're going to get a job, and you're going to get a job, and you're going to get a job, and you're going to get a job.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like I'm the only one who's going to do it, but it's the only one who's going to do it, and it's going to be the one who's going to do it, and it's going to be the one who's going to do it, and it's going to be the one who's going to do it, and it's going to be the one who's going to do it, and it's going to be the one who's going to do it, and it's going to be the one who's going to do it, and it's going to be the one who's going to do it, and it's going to be the one who's going to do it, and it's going to be the one who's going to do it, and it's going to be the one who's going to do it, and it's going to be the one who's going to do it.
I'll-offofunlockedshares: 2018% on 31december: 23% of the company'sshareswill beunlocked, including 23% of thefromthefounderoffocusmediaand 30% of the fromagroupof
Domesticpefundsthadboughtfocusmedia'ssharesbeforethecompanity's backdoorlising.ifthespotentialunlockedsharesweresoldoff, itmightposetarealpressiontheshareprice.
exphibit6:forwardp/eoffourglobalpeers source: bloomberg, gaohasecuitiesresearch source: bloomberg, gaohuasecuriesresearch
I, Xufaliao, cfa, herbycertiftythalloftheviewsexpressedinthesreportacccuratelyreflectmypersonviewaboutthesubjectcompanor
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
The goldmansachsfactorprofairesinvestment contorlastockbycomparing keyatritributtothemetormet (i.e. ourcoverageunivers) Andcorpeers. the financialatrietsdepictedare:groth, financialreturns, multiformile (e.g. valuation) and indicated (apositeofgroveth, financial returnsandmultiple).
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Hegherpercentileindicatingighergrovethcompany. financialreturnsassasedonastock'sforward-bookingroe, roceandcroci (forfinancial stocks, llyroe), withahherpercentileindicatingacompanithhigherfinenciorreturns.multipleisbasedonastock'sforward-bookingp/e, p/b, price/dividend (p/d), v/ebitda, v/fcfandev/debtajestedcashlow(dacf) (forfinincialstocks, onyp/e, p/bandp/d) witheheryperclelep/d
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about. Quantum.
Quantumisgoldmansachs' proprietarydatabaseprovidationAccesstodetailedfinanciónstatementisteries,foreastsandratios.itcanbeedfor in-depthanalisisofasinglecompany, ortomakecomparesbetweencompaniesIndirectorsandmarkets.gsustain
Thegs maintain 50 listillincludesleaderswebelievetobepositionedtolivorlong-termoutperformorforforcoughsuperirtiltiltiltiltiturncitatal, sustainable competitivevantageandeffivemanagementofesgrisksvs.globalindustrypeers.candidadesalesaledglobalbionacomplishationof
Quantiableanalysofthesethreotherofcorporateperformance.discussions coveragegroup(s)oftocksbyprimaryanalyst(s)
xufaliao, cfa: a-sharefood&beverage, a-sharefood&beverage: anhuiguingdilleryco., jiangsuring'sluckbrewery, jiangsuyanghe, kweichowmooutai, luzhoulaiaojiao, qinghaihuzhu barleywineco., shanxixinghuacunfenwine, sichuanswellfunco., tsingtaobrewery(a), wuliangyeyyibin.
A-sharegroup, beijingenlightmediaco., beijinghuacatv, beijinghualubainafilm&tvco., bluefuscompunification, Chinamouth publishing&media, facusmediainformation, guangdongadvertising, huaybrothetersmedia, imaxchinaholdolding, jiangsuphoenix, oriental pearl, ourpalmco., wadafim, zhejianghuashaform&tv.
It's not like I'm going to be in a state of emergency, but I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of peace.
Goldmansachshasrevedcompensationforinvestmentbankingservicesintepast12months:focusmediainformationtech (rmb 5.61) goldmansachshadanainvestingbankingservationservationcomplusversion 12monthswith:focusmediainformationtech(rmb5.61) goldmansachshadanon-securiuserviceslistrepresentationpresentmentof:fousmediainformation(rmb5.61)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm so sorry, I'm just...
It's not like I'm going to have to go to the company, but I'm going to have to go to the office.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it again, but I'm going to have to do it again.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I just------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I don't know what you're talking about.
598, is the first name thebeginningofthisreport, unlessindicatedositewiattheendoft.canada: goldmanachsanadanic.isan affiliateofthegoldmansachsgroupinc.andotherforeiscludinthecompanyspecicipacistsreladatingtogoldmansachsach(asdefinedabove).
i.c.indiseminatesthesreresearchlists.hongkong: furtherormationsthesecuritiesofcoveriesreferredto insisrechbybeobybybeinedonquestromgogradmansachs (asia)l.l.c.india:frotherinformationsthesubprogrammescompanies
{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH001431} (india) secretiesprivatémited, researchanalyst-sebiregistration number in H0001493, 951-a, nationalhouse, appasahemathemarg, Prabhadevi, mumbai 4000025, india, corporateitim u74140mh 2006ftc 160634, phone+9126666,000, fax + 9122666901.goldmansachsmaybenefilytown 1% ormoreofthesecurities (as)
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
I.l.c., seoulbranch.newzealand: goldmansachsnewzealandmitedand itsaffiliatesareneiter'registeredbanks'nor'depositakers” (asdefininedinothereservebankofewalandact 1989)
I'm sorry, sachs.russia: researchreportsdistribued intheresistianfederarenareotadvertiversingasdefininedinthersolegistielization, butareinformation and analysessingproducepromotionpromotionheirmainpurposeandonotprovidavisapraisalwithin themeananingofthemeananingofotheranslegislionappraisal activity.singapole:forthorformationsthecovercompaniedcompaniesreferredtointhisresearchbybeobtainedfromgoldsachs(singapore) pte.
(companymber: 198602165w) .taiwan: thismalisforserviceonlyandmustnotberepriprintedwithoutpermission.investors should carefulconsidertheirdowninvestmentrisk. investmentrethesponsibilityoftheindividualinvestor.uniteddingdom:personswowouldbecategorizedasreteildirectentsententententententintheUniteddom, aschtersdefininedintheselulesofthefinancialconducutty, shouldreadfourthresearch
I don't know, inconjunction with privatemansachsresearchedthecoveriersreferredtohereinandsouldrefertierrisskwarningsthavebeen sendtothembygoldmansachsinternational.acopyoftheseriswarnings, daglosaryoffertainfincialtersusedinthithreport, already available from Goldmansachs internationalonrequest.
euopeanunion: Disclosureinformation intortiontoartique6 (2) lftheeuropeancommissionedregulation(eu) (2016/958)
Questereopeanpolicyformanaging consulting firmsho 69, and alsomemberofjapanséritiesdealersassociation, financialfuturesofjapantainsassociation, financialfuturespantypeiifinanstructuresfirmsassociation.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do it again.
i.e. astockthisnotratingsuspended, notrated, coveragerednornotcovered, i.e.
25-35%oftocksasbuyand 10-15%offfffftocksassell;however, thetistritionofbueysandselsalisnypartiularanalyst'coveragegroupmayvaryasdemedby the regionalinvestmentreviewviewcommittee.addicationally, eachinvestviewreviewcommitteesregionalconvictionlists, wichrepresent
I'm not sure what I'm going to do, but I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not possible to find anything, it's not possible to do anything about it, it's not possible to do anything about it, it's not possible to do something about it, it's not possible to do something about it, it's not possible to do something about it, it's not possible to do something about it, it's not possible to do something about it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
sachsanadianc.orgoldmansachs&co.llc; inhongkongbygoldmansachs (asia)l.l.c.; indiabygoldmansachs (india) secretiesprivate ltd.; injapanbygoldmansachsjapanco.ltd.; intepublicicofkoreabygoldmansachs(asia)l.l.c. seoulbranch; innewzealandbygoldman sachsnewzealandmited; inrussiabyooogoldmansachs; insingaporegoldmansachs (singapore)pte. (companimber:1986021665w);
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to do it.
The prudential regulationauthality, hasapprovedthisresearchorinconnection with ittsdisistritionin theeuropeanunionandunitingdom; goldman sachsagandgoldsachsinternationalzweignierlasungfrankfurt, reglaed by thebundesanstaltfürfinanzdienstleistungsaufushicht, mayalso distriereserechingmany.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
Weseektoupdateourresearchas appropriate, butvariousrificationsmaypreventusfromdoingso.otherthancenterindustryreportspublishenaperodeododicbasis, thelargemajority ofreportsarepublishedirgularintervalsasapprepriateinthenalyst'sjudgment.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Wedouraffiliates, offices, directors, andemployees, exclading equityandcreditanalysts, willfrrommettometimehavelorshortpositionsin, acting asprincipalin, andbuyorsell, thesecuritiesorivatives, ifany, referredtointhisresearch.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
Individualcolients.clients should consulttheotheranyadvieworrecommendationinthisresearchsearchissuesfortheirparticularcircumstancesand, if applied, seekprofessoraladvice, includingtasadvice.thepriceandvalvaleofofivesreferredtointhisresearchandtheincomefromrommetem mayfluctuate.pastperforceisnotaguidetofutureperformation, futurrenalsalenetguerated, los soforiginicalcapitamactur.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
If you're not in a position to do this, you're not in a position to do it, but you're in a position to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
i.e. nochangetoanalyse.nochangetoanalyst'sfundamentalresearchviews (e.g., rattings, prectarets, ormaterialchangestoearningsestimatesfor equiquitysciences), willbecompunicatedtonypriorclusionofinclusionofinformationofinforformationinaresearchorrebroadlyissueredthroughlectacist publicpublication
Allresearchresedisseminemedavailabletoallclientssmulticultivelyoughlectivepublicationtoourinternalclientwebsites.notall researchcontentisredstriedtosourcesolabletothird-partyaggregregators, norisgoldmansachsresponsibilleforotheristbutionofour researchbythirdpartyaggregators.forresearch, modelsothordartaratedtooneormorecurities, marketsorassesates (includingraded)
== sync, corrected by elderman == @elder_mansach. == sync, corrected by elderman == @elder_man @elder_man