On February 19, 2019, aipl's consumer behaviors divided the consumer link into recognition, interest, purchase, loyalty (aipl)
Four dimensions, global marketing enablers more efficiently touch and affect consumers in these four links. If precision is a fine particle at the horizontal level of the population, global marketing is a fine particle at the vertical level of the individual, and marketing changes are desirable. The concept of global marketing is missing.
The advent of smart phones is the starting point for all of this, depending on the advances in data and technology. Compared to the unsettled cookies of the Internet age, the mobile Internet age, the behaviour of the users of every scene on the Internet corresponds to that of an independent mobile id.
In the mobile Internet age, more life scenes begin to touch the net, generating and storing a large number of other dimensions of value that offer more possibilities for data-definition users.
Ali is the user data for the major traffic platforms, giving each user a unified unidentity. Without smart phones, there is no unidentity, which makes it possible for Ali’s entire chain to track consumption, and is the basis for global marketing practices.
▪ Based on a certain algorithm, global marketing uses a specific number to reflect the value generated by brand aipl in all relationships, forming consumer assets. Consumer assets are based on existing brand consumers, who are expected to create value for brands over the next three years. This changes what was used only in the past.
Roi assesses marketing effects, and branding inputs can be directly reflected in consumer assets, measured by consumer asset changes. Consumer assets are accumulated from marketing activities, which in turn will guide branders in their new marketing activities.
▪ The "u micro plan" and "u crowd plan" are all components of Ali's global marketing system. The "u micro plan" focuses on the integration of social and electrical data on microblogging, which leads to a more accurate identification of consumers.
They use wifi probes, infrared sensors, etc., to capture ad-advertising mobile ids, and transmit them to the bottom-of-the-world marketing private data bank, theawareess database. They have a unique advantage in consumer perception formation and are expected to be important for worldwide marketing.
New excess gains. (1) The Cycling Plan traffic replacement ratio is expected to give the division a certain amount of 1. Changes to the Repurchase Plan to introduce a first policy bias. (2) With Ali's empowerment, the public advertising effect is more quantifiable and visible.
The status-of-the-job-holding program, 20190214, has helped with the promotion of the ad. (3) The crowd has been integrated into the Ali's global marketing system, which has been accompanied by worldwide marketing, and has been able to access id data from mobile phones and transmit it to unimaginated products.
2. Continued rapid growth, short-term disturbance of the medium of a cardless data bank, makes it easier for advertisers to accept it.
Together with Ali, the ability to digitalize the crowd has increased markedly. With the rapid expansion of the resource base, the firm's position as an absolute leader has been further consolidated. The “buy-in” rating has been maintained.
On the one hand, global marketing is an accurate marketing in vertical dimensions, and it's the way marketing changes are supposed to be, the way people move from paper and television to the Internet, and the way the advertising industry has changed dramatically. On the other hand, Internet penetration is rising, with different audiences directing their attention to different media platforms and giving marketing people a lot of attention.
On the other hand, the share of electricity in the retail chain is rising rapidly, with some consumer goods reaching as much as 40%, forcing the advertising industry to revolutionize. Despite the subversive changes in the media and distribution channels, the nature of marketing has never changed, and marketing has become more popular.
Quality is still finding consumers, influencing consumers, and then driving purchasing behaviour. In the pre-Internet era, where print and television are represented, information is one-way, mass-transmitted, which means that advertisers can only find consumers through the inefficient strategy of spreading the Internet.
Accurate contact with consumers is only the beginning of marketing, and how to better influence consumers is the difficulty of marketing. The aipl consumer behaviors cut the consumer links into the wareness, interest, purchase, and loyalty four steps.
For advertisers, the marketing particle size will be further refined if a marketing tool helps them provide different advertising materials on different links, better affecting consumers. The global marketing (unimarketing) introduced by Ali’s mother in 2016 is such a tool.
The horizontal dimension of the population is fine, so global marketing is a finer particle in the vertical dimension of the individual, which better meets the needs of the advertiser and is the desired change in marketing. Global marketing depends on the development of data-processing technology from concept to location.
Global marketing methodology includes aipl's four dimensions, in which purchase and loyalty are involved in user-purchase behaviour, and only electric companies can put this theory into practice (theoretically + many combinations of Kyoto+, but data are hard to get through). Global marketing is conceptually and physically dependent on advances in data and technology, and this is where smart machines emerge.
In the pc Internet age, the site mainly identifies users through cookies. A routine personalized distribution process is: a page receives a pv request, and the page sends the request to the adx platform, and adx receives the request.
dsp sent a request that a user like this be able to view a web page immediately and ask for a competitive purchase of this user. Cookie data makes personalized distribution a reality, but cookies also have some inevitable problems. First, cookies are unstable. Second, multiple sharing of a computer can create information noise.
In the mobile Internet age, the situation has changed, user behavior can be matched with specific cellular id, and mobile id is independent and stable. In addition, with the increased penetration and depth of the mobile Internet to social life, the data dimensions and depths that Internet companies can access have significantly increased.
On-line behavior is dominated by access to information and entertainment on-line, and the data collected are mainly in the interest dimension. In the mobile Internet age, more scenes are starting to touch the net. A lot of valuable other dimensions of data are generated and deposited.
Ali has a great deal of user data, including a variety of dimensions such as electrical commerce, digital entertainment, local services, payment and finance, logistics. Life trajectory from the Gold Map, data from hunger, data from outgoing distribution, user recreational data from the nice potatoes, payment for treasure-scanner payments.
The mobile phone does not have a unitity, which makes it possible for Ali to track consumers across the chain, which is the basis for a global marketing approach. Figure 2: Alibaba Consumers Unitity
Digital entertainment youku(= potatoes)
1688. Com Rural Treasures 999 Day Cats International Aliexpress Unified Identity
Local service. Seafaring tickets. Cal.
#2 Global marketing: brand data banks and consumer assets brand data banks are at the heart of global marketing
Ali's mother is the middle of Alibaba marketing and the Alibaba electric power provider's monetization platform. Ali's development history can be divided into two phases. From 2007 to 2015, the first phase can be understood as the education and dissemination of advertising tools for direct traffic, diamond exhibitions, treasure-hunters, etc., as well as the help of brand owners to conduct in-depth, wide-scale and equipped integration camps.
The second phase was the development of a global marketing (unimarketing) methodology in 2016, based on products such as unidesk, brand data bank, Brandhub, etc., and Ali ' s mother started to push branders for new marketing across the entire chain, media, data, and channels.
Brand data banks are the core of global marketing methodology and the basis for global marketing. Brand data banks can be understood as evolutionary dmps, ordinary dmps give mobile phone id user tags in all dimensions, while brand data banks can store the connection stage between the cell id and a particular brand (for example, lined with normal dmp support).
At the time of promotion, branders can choose their audience by labels that can be gender-based, interest-based, or geographic based, among others. With the support of the Brand Data Bank, advertisers can select their audience according to the level of interest that different people have in my brand, such as those who have seen the ad, those who have gone through the Skycat, those who have bought the merchandise, etc.).
With volume support, brand data banks have been able to access multiple media from multiple scenes, integrating consumer data from different scenes, enabling branders to achieve, for the first time, accurate consumer identification and complete exit marketing. Unidesk is another core product for worldwide marketing, mainly for agents, helping agents to accomplish smart strategies (pre-disposition, better understanding).
Don't look at people and correct them in a timely manner; smart investment (the release process, which divides the audience into materials for different stages: Wasres, interest, purchase, loyalty); and data back streaming, and full-link visualization (after pitching, back to brand data banks to form data assets).
The effect ads extend to a true combination of effects, and the consumer assets deposited in brand data banks are extreme for branders, figure 3: Ali's global marketing aipl definition of brand data banks and consumer assets
For branders, it is only one aspect to drive transactions directly through advertising. How to operate, manage, and insulate consumers, how to drive a positive perception of brands among new users, and how to increase the loyalty of older users to brands is equally important.
Consumer assets are based on the existing group of brand consumers, which is projected to create value for brands over the next three years. This changes the situation where roi was used only to assess marketing effects, brand camps.
Sales inputs can be reflected directly in consumer assets, and marketing efficiency can be measured through changes in consumer assets (e.g., 1 billion more consumer assets in a branded data bank after a marketing campaign). Consumer assets are accumulated from repeated marketing activities, which in turn will guide branders in new marketing activities and turn short-term marketing activities into long-term marketing rules.
With the support of a data bank, brand-to-consumer recognition will be more accurate and traceable. After each drop, the data will return to the data bank for the formation of consumer assets (for example, after a marketing campaign, the number of brands increased by 50 million, according to the consumer assets in the bank).
For the first time, Ali has published a double-XI consumer asset list, which heralds a change in marketing. Consumer asset operations provide businesses with a much broader range of services and a much deeper than simple power-trading platform, creating huge value for branders, a very positive influence on Ali’s potential for monetization, and also on Ali’s monetization.
User data generated and deposited in the new retailing scene are a valuable asset.
For Ali, on the one hand, increasing the depth of collaboration with brand vendors has consolidated the moat. On the other hand, the database on the offline data line can be upgraded to upgrade the power vendor platform.
Matching efficiency. For businesses, marketing efficiency is expected to increase significantly as consumers begin to manage under Ali’s power. Figure 5: Ali brings data online to 3. Division, Ali’s cooperation model conjecture.
In June 2018, Ali United Weibo launched the `u micro program'. In January 2019, Ali's coalition launched the `u crowd plan'. The `u micro plan' and `u crowd plan' are all components of Ali's global marketing.
The “u micro plan” focuses on the integration of social and electrical data on microblogging, which leads to a more accurate identification of consumers. The “u plan” focuses on complementarities on the bottom line, as well as on a strong cognitive build-up capacity.
To keep the Skycat platform exposed, Ali has launched the Sky Deal. The brander is based on his own non-naughty, non-naughty, buying.
Ali offers different material templates, depending on the proportion of Skycats (10%, 20%, etc.). According to the Skyplan web page, more than 1,000 branders are currently using the Skyplane for branding.
In the building media, the Cyclops first recommend a second-line city and give priority to medium- and high-end small areas. Ali's strategic investments will not rule out Ali's presence in the sky in the future.
For example, it is strongly recommended that a building be advertised or that a better exchange of traffic be made. According to our research on the industrial chain, there is a certain difference in the proportion of traffic replaced by different media.
On January 2, 2019, Ali joined the group in a joint launch entitled “New retail, new marketing, new connections” to announce the “u people's plan.” Ben-hoon, Chief Market Officer of the Ali-Baba Group, said that all efforts were being made to create a digital ecology for the global media, with the mass media as the platform at the centre of the outside.
The accumulated experience of accelerating digitization under Ali’s empowerment is also a new start in the marketing of Ali’s and others’ product-based and strategic enablers’ brands. Media director Jiang Namchun said that digitalization by Alibaba’s empowerment has been made available online, monitorable in real time, detectable inflow, and assessable in effect.
The launch gave a quantitative demonstration of the combined marketing effects of the two-to-one campaign in 2018. These included: (1) two-to-one contact with 27% of the online unreached population in 2018. (2) Skycat, as a brand, also achieved a good pitching effect this time. The uv return rate, the uv plus buy rate, the uv pass rate were achieved.
50%, 30%, 20%. (3) Out of more than a dozen well-known brands involved, the average share of consumers who go to shops to watch over-advertise, 36%, and the average share of consumers who turn in over-advertise, 40%. (4) The average value of the over-advertised newcomer sales conversion index is 118, while the old customer sales conversion index is 110, all far.
The average value of the unwatched newcomer sales conversion index is 91, and the average value of the unwatched old customer sales conversion index is 94. At the heart of the effects advertising is the flow and scene, and brand advertising depends heavily on the ability to sell.
With the exclusion of marketingandpromotional expense from the microfiche seling, generial & administiveexpense, it is clear that 100-degree and microblogging sales costs are significantly lower than building and outdoor advertising (in inter-house operations, some companies will charge part of the sales costs to the operating costs).
Building advertising has been growing at a high rate for many years, and in addition to the discovery and revaluation of the value of the elevator scene, sales personnel and their special marketing methods are also essential. The crowd marketing method is a summary of the battle, that is, elevator advertising, which covers the urban mainstream, with high frequency, low interference, compulsory viewing, etc., that allows consumers to saturate,
The crowds have a certain scale effect at the cost (e.g., management costs are significantly lower than those of their peers), but high income rates are at the root of the far-reaching profit margins:
(1) At the heart of the marketing method is brand activation, which is based on the opportunities and capabilities of network nodes, network quality, and educational advertisers. For the time being, there is only crowd activation capability, based on brand, in terms of the size of the network, network quality, and the ability of educational advertisers.
The advertisers who detonate (e.g., Richon Coffee, Hungry, etc.) have a positive effect on the publishing rate. (2) Brand promotion channels include television, long video stickers/enhancement, short videos, micro-letters of friends, buildings, airports, subways, etc.
It's not always all the positions in every channel. It's the core of the advertising, coverage and quality of coverage. Other advertising companies, including the new tide, the Chinese language, and the city, are always added.
The head sales are important intangible assets that are not reflected in the split balance sheet, but actually exist. The head of the group, Jiang Namchun, is the top sales officer in China, with non-duplicable social resources and marketing capabilities within the industry.
For more than 10 years, social resources and marketing capacity have been limited. In addition, sales capacity has a determined Matthews effect, with larger distribution platforms and greater opportunities to accumulate resources from head sales (e.g. study at the Central European Business School, the Yangtze Business School).
The typical advertisers are Ali, Dixie, Rixie, Bosden, and others, while the Chinese-language advertisers are Hiroto Toyota, China Mobile, Red Bull, and so on. You can see that some of the typical advertisers are not business customers, but are educated by their super-selling power, combined with their own influence and brand activation capabilities.
From one angle, it is understood that: (1) there is a policy bias in the proportion of traffic replacements for the Sky Plan, which is part of Ali's concessionary behaviour. (2) As a result of cooperation with Ali, the effects of the split advertising have become more quantifiable and visible, and more helpful in the promotion of the advertiser. (3) The crowd has been integrated into the Ali's global marketing system, which has been accompanied by the popular marketing of the whole world (currently, international brands).
The use of brand data banks (with good feedback) has been introduced, and data can be obtained and transmitted to the global marketing community. The medium of brand data banks is more easily recognized by advertisers.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board