"In-depth report on the Internet" by the public media, 002027.sz.
The advertising industry as a whole grew by 2.9 per cent in 2018, and the media in the world grew by more than 20 per cent in 2018.
A 5.9 per cent increase in advertising costs, such as newspapers, magazines, television and traditional outdoor media, has declined to varying degrees, affecting the overall trend of traditional media. (2) With regard to the media in the world of life (about 6 per cent of the total market share), elevator-type media grew by more than 20 per cent in 2018, and advertising costs increased.
In 2015, the main operation of the group media was transformed from manufacturing, selling computers and digital communication products to a life-cycle media advertising business. The group captured the central scene of the elevator, focusing on the flow of the elevator. As an infrastructure in the city, elevators represent the daily life scene.
Four words: mainstream population, mandatory, high frequency, low interference, which are the core scarce resources that set off the brand today. The distribution of elevator media covers 35% of the country ' s cities (including 4 directly administered municipalities, 283 local municipalities and 374 county municipalities) and all major cities in Korea, with 500 million city owners.
The average daily rate of movement is rated as “China's most brand-cam-activated media.” In the main business, the growth rate of income from building media outlets, elevator television and elevator posters reached 23.4% and 24.9%, respectively, with an increase in all branches, with a further upward trend and space.
The rate of increase was 18.8%, down from 2017, but it is still much higher than the rate of 2.9% for the entire advertising market, after the building’s media.
In 2018, about 15 billion yuan in strategic shares were made in the media, and both sides plan to jointly explore innovative patterns of digital marketing under the new retail trend. Alibaba will provide a new digital channel through which brands sold on its e-commerce platform can work with consumers and grow.
Long-term consumption capacity is linked. The middle-income group, with its strong purchasing power and rising consumption perception, dominates the consumer market and becomes a city with 5 million terminals and 500 million middle-class consumers.
By helping Alibaba to sink its digital channels, as well as the channels, there will be a turning point for growth. We look at the media, for the reason that (1) the company is positioned as an advertising company plus a channeler’s business model, it's clear, two major business barriers are strong, and the media and customer resources have a monopoly and a higher bargaining power.
Capacity, which deserves a higher valuation; (2) Aribaba digital channels, with middle-income groups taking the dominant charge market, the purchase of media in buildings and cinemas is much higher than in other media, and there is increased competition in the media in life circles between the two industries.
The country ' s advertising market as a whole grew by 2.9 per cent, of which (1) the traditional advertising market (which has a market share of about 29 per cent of the total) fell by 1.5 per cent, with only radio outlets rising by 5.9 per cent in all sections, compared with the previous year, and advertising expenditures, such as newspapers, magazines, television and traditional outdoor media, showed varying degrees of decline, affecting the overall trend of traditional media. (2) Life
With regard to the round-the-clock media (about 6 per cent of the total market share), elevator-type media grew by more than 20 per cent in 2018, with advertising spending increasing by 5 per cent more than 18.8 per cent in 2017. The cinema video media grew by 18.8 per cent in the same year.
(2) The core of the main business is clearly located, with an increase of 21% over the same 18-year period. In 2015, the main business of the decentralized media was the manufacture and sale of computers and digital communications.
Four words are spoken in daily life scenes: mainstream population, mandatory, high frequency, and lower than perturbation, which are the core scarce resources of today's brand. The distribution of elevator media covers 35% of the country's cities (including 4 municipalities, 283 municipalities and 374 municipalities) and all major cities in Korea, 500 million days of mainstream urban population.
In the main business, the growth rate of revenue for the building media, elevators, television and elevator posters was 23.4% and 24.9%, respectively, and there was an upward trend and room for progress in all sub-sectors. The growth rate in cinema media was 18.8%, down from 2017.
It is still much higher than the entire advertising market, where revenues grew by 2.9%, after the building’s media. (3) Ali’s entry + cooperation, with the creation of a “3 by 5” program. In 2018, Alibaba’s strategic entry into the media was about 15 billion yuan, and both sides planned to explore together the innovative model of digital marketing under the new retail trend.
Baba will provide new digital channels through which brands sold on its e-commerce platform can be linked to consumers and growing consumer capacity. And the middle-income groups, with their strong purchasing power and rising consumption perceptions, dominate the consumer market, which has a significant advantage in media penetration among the middle-income groups, making them advertising owners.
Target user groups. The public media set a “3 by 5” target of 5 million terminals in 500 cities in China, covering 500 million middle-class consumers. It is therefore expected that the crowd will be able to take advantage of the digital channels in Alibaba, as well as the downfall of the channels, and that the harvest will be a turning point for growth.
(i) Investment ratings and valuations, which we see in the public media, for the reason that (1) the company is positioned as an advertising company plus a channeler with a clear business model, two major business barriers are strong, media and customer resources have a monopoly and a higher bargaining power and deserve a higher valuation;
(2) Alibaba digital channels, where middle-income groups dominate the consumer market, where the purchasing of media in buildings and cinemas is much higher than in other media, and the subsequent growth of the two industries, broken down by industry, is optimistic. (ii) Key assumptions
Cooperation with Alibaba has helped to win long-term customers and increase the bonding of the biosphere, and has helped in the long-term valuation hub (iii) to distinguish from the general public the challenge of identifying competitors, with limited threats and firm oligopoly.
(iv) Catalyst of share price performance Increases in advertising unit prices to win single large Internet customers, and increased competition in the media in the life circle.
ii. Corporate profiles - China's largest urban life media network (i) company fundamentals (historic, major business, business model, major shareholders, personnel structure)
In 2015, the mass media were recapitalized and listed in Shenzhen in the same year, with a market value of hundreds of billions, making it China’s first media share. The key to collecting more than 10 billion dollars in the mass media is to capture the “elevator” at its core.
The elevator, a daily life scene, represents four words: the mainstream population, mandatory, high frequency, and low interference, which are the core scarce resources of today's brand detonating. The distribution of elevator media, covering more than 230 cities, more than 2.6 million elevator terminals, and 500 million daily arrivals of the city's mainstream population, were rated as "China's most brand-activated media."
By the end of March 2018, the company had formed a life-cycle media network covering about 300 cities. Of these, approximately 313,000 were self-employed elevator television outlets, covering about 93 cities and districts and 15 major cities in Korea, and about 11,000 were allied elevator television media, covering 30 cities and districts throughout the country; and self-employed elevator poster media.
There are approximately 1286,000 institutions covering 117 cities across the country, 145 cities covered by the external purchase of cooperative elevator poster media, over 224,000 media outlets, over 1750 cinemas contracted by cinema media, 37 co-operatives, over 11,800 screens, and over 300 viewers in the country.
(ii) Corporate development and company-related media have built the largest urban life media network in the country, and the company's current main business is the development and operation of the community media. The main products are the building media (including elevator television and elevator poster media) and the cinema screen commercials.
Media and terminal sales outlets, etc., cover the work scenes, living scenes, entertainment scenes, and consumption scenes of the city’s mainstream consumer population, and are integrated into the life-cycle media network. The media in the centre of the main business and the cinema media account for 98% of the company’s income from the company’s main business.
Income growth was ahead of growth in the overall industry, in the top three sectors with all branches of advertising, and public sector ownership had good prospects for development. (iv) Competing analysis — leadership challenges, strong entry of new media
As the country’s first building advertising and media company, the news media first entered the Blue Sea market. The company has the highest quality media location and advertising client resources. It then completed its integration of the building’s media market with the mass media and the framework media.
The media, the elevator poster media, and the cinema’s screen advertising media all have an absolutely leading market share. Moreover, companies are well-funded, with high credit ratings, low leverage, and adequate financing.
According to statistics, the share of income in the media sector in 2015-2017 has been rising, not only in the vast majority of markets, but also in the survival space of other companies.
In 2017, a new wave of media rose to challenge the prominent role of the public media, and in a short period of time the crowds were hit by a certain shock, but in the long run, the main business barriers were not easily moved by the new wave media. The reasons are as follows: one is the exclusive barriers posed by a particular geographical location.
The smaller the size of the media, the lower the marginal cost of advertising distribution. The lower the size of the media, the lower the net profit margins of the winning media, the loss of competitors, and thus the ability of competitors to enter.
While it is easy for the new tide media to rob some of the individual elevator resources, the new tide media want to rob a huge amount of resources from powerful and powerful outlets, such as elevator resources, financial power, customer resources, etc. The advertising industry as a whole grew by 2.9 per cent in 2018, and the media in the world grew by more than 20 per cent.
(i) The 2019 industry as a whole is stable, with varying rates of growth across the media. China ' s economic growth rate continued to decline in 2018 with a gross domestic product (GDP) of 903.09 billion yuan, or 6.6 per cent over the same period, while the contribution of consumption to the growth of the economy is becoming more pronounced. According to data published by the National Statistical Office, final consumption expenditure for the country throughout the year
GDP growth contributed 76.2 per cent, an increase of 17.4 per cent compared to 58.8 per cent in 2017, and growth in consumption contributed to the growth of the national economy as a whole when investment was affected by the economic cycle. The government report for 2019 stated that China ' s overall advertising market grew 2.9 per cent in 2018.
The decline of 1.5 per cent (29 per cent of the population) was the result of a 5.9 per cent increase in the same year for all sections of the board, with different degrees of decline in advertising costs, such as newspapers, magazines, television and traditional outdoor media, affecting the overall trend of traditional media. (2) With regard to the media in the world of life (about 6 per cent of the total market share), elevator-type media grew by the same amount in 2018.
(ii) Main camp operations: building media are on the rise, cinema media are on the rise and the main group media are on the decline. The main group media operations are mainly building media and cinema media, which earn 98 per cent of the main camp's business.
23.4% and 24.9% are running all subsectors, and there is a further upward trend and space. The number of municipalities in the sub-sector of the building media has reached more than 95%, and the 95% share of the sub-sectors has also contributed positively to the growth of income in the main battalion, which, according to the ctr media, is another major business, the cinema media, with an 18.8% increase in revenue.
The rate of growth declined in 2017, but it is still much higher than the rate of 2.9% in the advertising market as a whole. The number of people in the cinema media continues to reach 55%, the higher rate of the city and the return of the ticket house in 2018 will increase the revenue of the future cinema media by more than 20%.
According to data published by the National Film Office on 31 December 2018, the total number of tickets in 2018 was 60,976 million, an increase of 9.06 per cent over the same period, and the number of viewers in the urban theatre was 1,716 million over the same period, an increase of 5.93 per cent over the same period.
According to the single-month ticketing market in February 2018, China’s total cinema room broke 10 billion dollars, refreshing the record of single-month tickets in the Mainland Film Market and the record of one-month tickets in the world. But after the summer season, the Chinese and Chinese film market sang so strongly that it was only 1.91 billion dollars, a 27.9% decline in the same year, with the film viewer count, all year round.
The number of people watching in one month is almost 100 million, in September alone, and the number of people watching in February was 266 million as a result of the spring holidays. Cat-eye data show that the rate of growth in the number of people watching in the country slowed down in 2018, but the age of viewers is even wider, and more people over the age of 30 enter the cinema, contributing about 3.4 percentage points to the growth of the number of people watching the film.
The number of cinematographers in China rose from 170.7 billion yuan in 2012 to 60.976 billion yuan in 2018, with a combined annual growth rate of 23.6 per cent in the Chinese cinema industry.
The country’s economy has grown rapidly in the light of the new developments in the economy. Billboards have been growing at a slower rate than ever before, at 9.1% per year, but Chinese cinemas will continue to grow at a higher rate in the medium to long term, despite the slowdown in the market in 2018.
The annual cinema media register grew by more than 20 per cent over the same year.ctr reported in its Trends in China's Brand Communication report that the current media conglomerate is basically a three-fold pattern: (i) traditional media that are seen as representative have the advantage of high coverage and credibility; and (ii) with 100
The Internet media, which is represented by the media, Ali Baba and Tungbo, are highly connected and interactive; (iii) the medium of living, which is represented by the mass media, is of high access and high match quality to the urban mainstream.
It is highly decentralized up and down. While advertising companies are free to determine the price of different advertising slots, locations, and forms of sales, they still need to buy operating rights and consolidate resources from resource owners, which means that advertising with access to channels or media resources allows companies to have a higher bargaining power.
Cooperation with Ali's new revenue growth momentum
In the main business, the building media and cinema media received more than 95% of the company’s total revenues, and the overall Māori rate has stabilized at about 70%. Both industries have generally grown more in advertising than in advertising.
For the good, the growth of the advertising industry as a whole has been driven by the reversal of the traditional media before it warms. (i) Elevator TV leads three screens, with middle-class groups dominant in the consumer market, and with the fragmentation of user time and the diversification of information channels, the impact and impact of the media on users has gradually changed.
Changes. Users’ time of viewing advertising shows a fragmented trend, with life and work scenarios highlighting the advantages of live media. Compared to traditional television, elevator television, and web-based videos, there are more than 200 million people per day across the country, almost 40% more than traditional television.
The core group of online videos is web-based video users, while the core group of elevator television is the 20-50-year-old white-collar group, which is usually considered to be China’s middle-income group. With its strong purchasing power and rising consumption outlook, the Chinese group has begun to dominate the consumer market and become a target user group for many advertisers.
There will be 50,000 middle-income groups, and they will spend 70% of their consumption on the overall consumer market. Elevators, as a high-frequency, mandatory medium-trading place for white-collar business people, have a significant advantage in media penetration among middle-income groups.
Irey’s Multiscreen User Media Values Study considers purchasing conversion rates to be one of the key indicators for measuring advertising’s effectiveness, in addition to reaching rates. Internet advertising is quickly exposed to brands through traffic, with a purchasing conversion rate of up to 39%.
(ii) Cinema media business: the film market is warming, and the cinema media business is expected to continue to grow. In 2018, a large number of home-grown films were reversible through slogans, achieving excellent results, with six tickets in excess of $2 billion. In 2018, the top ten cinematographers were ranked as having six national films, with four introductions coming from the United States.
Operation China Street Expedition 2, I'm not a drug god, I'm the richest person in the city of Sailong, and four national production films took up power in 2018, and the production of soybean bean petals showed a steady upturn, and the quality of the content improved significantly in 18 years. In 19 national productions continued to perform well, according to cat-eye data, as of March 4th, 2019, all the films in the ticket room top3 were available.
Nationally produced films, The Wild Earth, The Crazy Alien, and The Lives of Flying, which, according to cat-eye data, reached 31 scheduled sections in 2019, including mainly classic ip sequels, such as Star War 9, Ender 6, A Dog's Mission 2, Avengers' Union 4, Brave Man's Game 2, Toys Total Mobilization 4,
And so on and so on, as well as the popular "Captain of Surprise" and the animation of the real film "The Lion King" in Aladdin, the series of "The Fox Police" and so on; the 2018 ticket house to 10 imports of bean petals, with an average of 7.2 points, and the 2017 mark rises; the recent import of the "The Sea King" venom, with a strong resonance in the market and a high number of ticket houses, and it is expected that the 2019 importation of films will continue to raise the number of film tickets.
The film industry has continued to grow well, and the cinema advertising media are expected to grow at a rate of (iii) quality customer resources, product differentiation guarantees market share, as industry leaders, with sound service outlets, efficient operating systems, rich industry experience, and success.
Combat cases, good brand reputations, high-level service teams, and system support. In the long run, a large number of large, high-quality clients have accumulated, and long-term, stable partnerships have been established with large, high-quality clients, such as Arri, Tseng, Kyoutung, Bounty, Unilever, Farmer Springs, Golden Dragonfish, Mercedes, BMW and General Motors.
With the accumulated experience of the advertising industry and its comprehensive service capabilities, people have gradually developed good slogans and very high brand visibility within the industry.
The introduction of a package of regional or media platforms that provides advertisers with flexible and diverse advertising strategies, while using computer-based information processing techniques with autonomous intellectual property rights to build an efficient advertising information system management platform that continuously improves the efficiency of corporate management and the accuracy of advertising.
(iv) Alibaba + Cooperation: In 2018, about 15 billion yuan in strategic RMB into the media, both sides plan to explore new retailing together
Alibaba will provide new digital channels through which brands sold on its e-commerce platform can be linked to consumers and growing consumer capacity. The media penetration of the middle class has a significant advantage, making it a target user group for many advertisers.
The “3 by 5” goal, which is that 500 cities in China have 5 million terminals and 500 million middle-class consumers, reaching the majority of China’s cities’ main consumption power. Ali Baba has set up a big data marketing platform, Ali Mama.
The platform, Ali's mom, is mainly about advertising and buying platforms for the website. But, because of the bubble of Internet advertising itself, it is particularly expensive to divide online advertising resources. And for the media, this time Alibaba's participation will not only bring new money to the company, but will continue to consolidate its niche and build new customers using Ali's platform.
In 2016, Chen Xiaotian joined the network securities and is currently the head of the media network. Certificate number: s030051609001.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be independent, objective and impartial, with no third party to draw conclusions.