The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies (CEF) has increased the number of media outlets (002027.sz) (first rating for the first time) The silence is to build up the power.
The company’s core advantage is that it has a unique business model and a unique flow entrance, an advantage that has not changed since then. The company’s Māori ratio is much higher than that of a share ad marketing companies, and even higher than that of Internet giants like bats.
Advertisements show that the crowd has access to upstream media resources, distinct from advertising agents, and has access to high-value segments of the chain of production; that the geographical characteristics of the underline population make it flow compared to the Internet media; that the landscape of the demand of the advertisers is uncertain in the short term, and that the Vc/pe market raised a large amount of money in 2018.
We are innovative in proposing a framework for research on the supply-demand cycle of companies: the building media has been operating since 2009.
After a full supply-and-demand cycle that usually lasts for 2-3 years, the front building and cinema media are in a supply-and-pull period, with a certain downward pressure on the Māori ratio. We monitor a significant fall in mobile Internet traffic prices by 2018, and we will close close closely in the future.
The shift to effect advertising is a long-term driver, but requires longer periods of nurturing and investment. The effect advertising is growing faster than brand advertising, and is more widely accepted by small and medium-sized advertisers, and the company’s “thousands of squares” development strategy will gradually shift its business from a single brand advertising to a brand advertising and a wide range of effects.
Alibaba's big data, as well as its rich customer resources, will help the company and watch the company's long-term development space!
At the beginning of 18 years q3, we believe that the bottom of the fundamentals is likely to appear at the earliest this year q3 and that there is still a need to look at the impact of macroeconomics on demand.
It is expected that this will affect the estimation of profits; macroeconomic fluctuations may affect the demand of advertisers.
The high Māori ratio (69% of the Māori rate that has been disclosed since the stock market fluctuated between districts) is not only a second-skilling advertising company, but even higher than the gross interest rate of Internet giant advertising businesses like Bat. To understand the reasons, it is necessary to analyse the essence of the advertising chain.
The advertising industry chain is divided into three main segments, media resources, advertising service providers (advertising agents, in terms of number, most advertising marketing companies are actually advertising service providers (or advertising agents), purchasing media resources from upstream, and packaging them into marketing programmes for sale to advertisers, etc.)
The overall Māori rate is lower (in many companies the Māori rate is not more than 15%). Since media resources are not in their own hands and upstream concentration is high, advertising agents are essentially the difference between the price of advertising resources sold and the Māori rate is driven by the different value added of their marketing programmes.
And companies that have access to media resources have a much higher position in the industry chain, and they can be connected to advertisers through advertising services, or directly to advertisers through direct sales, so that they can get the most powerful segment of the value chain.
Companies with their own media resources, such as Doo, Aichi, and others, have their own media – mainly their own building resources and those of operating cinemas – and their own media are the flow. The Māori rate for Internet companies, because of their relatively high share of advertising, is almost replaced by the company’s combined Māori rate.
It's easy to understand that the rate is much higher than that of advertising agents, but why is the rate higher than that of Internet giants? The main reason is that the cost of crowding up is lower than that of Internet companies.
The difference is substantial, because the price-fixing method of the public is essentially cpm, which has a well-developed pricing system on the Internet end; at the cost end, it can be understood as the cost of acquiring the flow. Internet companies have relatively high access costs because of the flow of the Internet.
Water is usually flowing, and Internet companies can access users either through better content (e.g., Aki culture), better social products (e.g., tweaking) or commodities (e.g., Alibaba), with the cost of traffic access to video sites being particularly significant because of the high cost of content input, Aki culture
The biggest difference between the flow below the line and the flow on the line is geography, where the movement of people is limited by physical space. The advantage of the crowd is that the elevators and cinemas are naturally human.
The cost of acquiring these flows is mainly rent. Due to geographical differences, Internet traffic is much more competitive than elevators and cinemas. The cost of rents is about 75% (data for 2017), upstream suppliers are relatively dispersed, and companies are in the industry.
The company’s core advantage is that it has a unique business model and a unique flow entrance, an advantage that has not changed so far. Although there has been a recent downward trend in the company’s Māori ratio, this is not a business.
Where's the big ceiling? The different modes of access make the Māori higher, but the scale and speed of the income increase are interconnected.
By virtue of the nature of the business model, Zhang’s income has increased more steadily than that of Internet companies. The amount of revenue generated by advertising has been only a drop in the advertising industry as a whole.
The advertising industry has a turnover of $6,896 million, with revenue of $12 billion, or 1.74 per cent. In the past few years, public advertising revenue has been growing at a rate that has won the entire industry, and in the advertising industry, the income ratio has been rising year by year. Does that mean that there is still much room for improvement in the future?
In order not to be able to push linearly. The ceiling of the popular advertising model is that its advertising form is brand advertising, but looking at China’s advertising market, the effect advertising is not only growing rapidly in the run-up to the sea, but indeed represents one of the directions of future advertising.
It means advertising other than traditional advertising (television, newspapers, radio stations, periodicals) and Internet advertising.
The purpose of the placement and the ability to quantify accurately the impact of the placement can be broadly divided into brand advertising, which is dominated by brand image-building and the dominance of the user's mind. The disadvantage is that it is not possible to quantify precisely the impact of the placement; and advertising, which is dominated by the conclusion of a deal, is precisely quantifiable.
From the news, brand advertising is “deeper” and the effect ad is “blower.” Although the advertising industry as a whole does not have precise statistics to tell the difference between effect and brand advertising, we can take some information from the advertising business. The news is in 2015 and 2016.
The newspaper classified advertising revenues by effect and brand advertising. The two years of brand advertising and media advertising were consistent, and the figures for effect advertising and social and other advertising were consistent.
The increase is much higher than in media advertising (the video and the news are the main sources of the news). For the reason that the major contribution of media advertising comes from the video, the rapid growth of paid members will have a certain crowding effect on their advertising business, and social and other advertising will continue to be available.
Innovations, such as information-flow advertising and small-procedure advertising, not only can be innovative in form, but can also increase social interaction, and can be effective in improving the effectiveness of their placement and their popularity to advertisers. In this category, the two years of brand advertising and media advertising have been consistent, with impact advertising and social and other advertising data.
In 2014, Hunan Tower experienced a bottleneck in its revenue, and Ekichi advertising emphasized innovation. In terms of its income, Hunan Radio and Television experienced a bottleneck of growth after 2014. We ruled that the station had a shock and that even the excellent Hunan Tower could not do its job alone.
In the form of preposterous videos of the video, other ads include the title and implantation of the entertainment show, the placement of ads in small theatres, the advertising of information streams, and so on, we estimate that most of the ads are branded. Thanks to the rapid growth in the membership, Aichi's advertising revenue has been slowing down since q3 in 2018, and the company has not.
Data for 2015 can be derived indirectly from a change in the statistical calculus based on income growth in 2016. The logic of crowding out growth can be divided into two levels, the first level: although brand advertising is long-term in scope.
There may be bottlenecks, but there's a logic of penetration, given that the number of members in brand advertising is not high enough. For example, according to the Irene consultation, the car industry, which is a major owner of brand advertising, invested nearly $40 billion in 2017, although it's in television, radio and print.
There has been a decline in the amount of investment, but there has been an increase in the amount of investment in outdoor advertising (the media in the report counted as outdoor advertising). In the distribution of the total number of outdoor advertising in cars, building fluid crystal screens account for only a small share, and there is room for improvement in the future.
The second and most important growth logic is that the future will be transformed through the "thousands of floors" of marketing, creating an integrated middle in brand and effect advertising, breaking down in essence traditional marketing and expanding into a vast new universe.
Ali Baba is digital, brand advertising and effect advertising are new blends of “Elevator Red Packages” that bring in traditional advertising and introduce effects ads with unlimited possibilities. In 2018, Ali and the crowd developed an interactive medium-playing approach that opened up mobile phones or scavengers to sweep or search.
[Elevator Red Bags] can get a red package of stand-by screen tips, which can be used by Skycats, or by new retail outlets around the country. Liu Bo, CEO of Skycat Platforms, says that during the double 11 period, the red package issued a total of 2.47 million coupons, an average of 60 million per day.
Ben-Hung said that double 11 reached 27% of the online unreached population through joint marketing by crowds, and that branders who watched over-advertise at the same time significantly increased their sales turnover in the Skycat Station, with downline traffic, and the combination worked very well. In our view, the future elevators will be marketed in addition to the "Elevator's Red Pack".
In addition, various new games, such as coupons, can be used for more accurate client drawings, enhancing the properties of effect advertising, and accurately quantifying the impact of advertising. Using Ali's big data, precision placements of “thousands of floors” can greatly expand the reach of small and medium-sized customers.
The traditional marketing style of the crowd media is a sales-driven approach, which results in a daily bias towards the services of large clients, with small and medium-sized clients not satisfied with their services. The lot of salesmen in 2017 are 2008 and if they rely only on the sales-driven, we think the crowd's client ceiling is high.
Alibaba's financial reports show that by the end of March 2018, Skycat had over 150,000 brands, 76 of the 100 most valuable global Forbes brands in 2018, and there was a huge demand space for front-line commercials, dominated by long-tailed customers, and could be points.
Billions of dollars, up to 100%, services for 5.8 million active traders, and an average of 16.19 million online sales revenue per businessman, plus more market space when hungry. In the past, these customers were too high a threshold for distribution, and the cost of services was so high that they could not become the dominant client group.
As the crowd works closely with Ali, the underline traders may also be able to regionalize their buildings through geographical tags and user tags, hungry and also Alibaba's holding companies, and in the long run, it is likely that the crowd's advertising community will make a huge breakthrough in its properties.
This requires a relatively long nurturing time and input period, with some short-term financial pressure, but with a clear competitive advantage in the long run when it comes to success. The implementation and expansion of long-tail customers in the "thousands of floors" require some push and cost inputs, and the short-term nature of the new business does not exclude the possibility of loss, which would be financial for the company.
Indicators create some short-term pressure. But we think the company's strategy is right, and once it's implemented, and it's possible to open a new ceiling in the market for small and medium-sized customers, the number of customers could expand from tens of thousands to a million or even a million, and make a huge breakthrough, and it's hard to compete for that advantage.
The demand-side supply cycle analysis framework of the mass media shows a certain volatility in the company's income and Maori rates over the past few years, and we expect that through the supply-side demand week, we will be able to make a difference.
The time frame for analysis of this volatility. The income share of the highest building media has shown relatively significant cyclical fluctuations in its history, broadly divided into demand- and supply-driven periods of supply-and-pull periods. We define inter-areas where income growth is higher than media growth as demand-driven, and vice versa.
The main reason for demand-driven growth is the high demand for advertising or the rise of new types of advertising, as reflected in the increase in capacity utilization (publication rate) and the rise in media prices, when incomes are higher than media growth, often leading to a rise in the Māori rate.
The main reason for this is the rapid expansion of the supply end, manifested in the rapid growth of the media, which leads to a rapid rise in rents and pressure on the cost end, often leading to a decline in the Māori rate. Historically, it has been observed that every room, and 18 years, has expanded much faster than the previous nine years, and that the Māori rate has fallen.
With interest rates of 69.91%, the Māori rate for companya stock mergers and acquisitions announced is 73.87%, and for ease of comparison with the difference in Māori rates due to US-China accounting standards, my supply-pull period does not necessarily lead to a significant decline in Māori rates.
The Māori rate also rose in 2013 and, on the one hand, the impact of supply on Māori rates was lagging. If the increase in supply in that year was concentrated in the second half of the year, the cost of rent would have had a larger impact in the following year, and the climate of macro-demands would vary from year to year.
There is also a volatile cycle of demand and supply between the cinema media, and the more significant variable of the speed of the ticket office growth.
Mäori rates change in the swing cycle in a similar way, with Mäori rates generally at an upswing stage during demand-driven periods, and Mäori at supply-led periods generally at a downswing stage (with a possible lag period). Given the 9.1 per cent increase in the number of tickets in 2018, they are at a lower growth rate than ever before, and in cinemas
The media is in supply-publishing period, with the expected downside Māori ratio in cinemas in 2018 and 2019. The Māori ratio for companya stock M & A announcements is 59.05 per cent. For ease of comparison, the Māori ratio up to 2012 is proportionately higher than the 2012 revised ratio.
In 2017, the number of Chinese elevators was 5.63 million, and in the previous three years it was 650,000 per year.
The speed is increasing. Assuming that each elevator can hold up to three billboards (one outside the elevator and two inside the elevator), there will be up to 16,89 million billboards in 2017, compared to 1.6 million (self-employed) in 2017, with only 9.5 per cent penetration and much space.
Not all elevators, of course, have advertising value, and in different parts of the country, so the core logic of expansion is to infiltrate from the core to the non-core, from the second-line city to the third-line city.
Physical penetration is around 15-20%, penetration in second-line and lower cities is low and city-to-city differentials. The ceiling at the end of cinema media is derived from a national ceiling of screens. Historical data show a steady increase in the penetration of screens operated by the crowds, which have stabilized over the last two years.
According to the Film Board, the number of screens is expected to reach 80,000 in 2020, assuming that the number of screens will remain at 23 per cent penetration in 2020, the number of screens run by the audience is expected to reach 1.84 million, 46 per cent higher than 2018h1. We expect the number of screens to be 80,000.
When the number of screens operated by the public is saturated, the logic for the future is either demand-driven (the number of people watching, the efficiency of advertising) or the penetration rate (deep integration in markets other than Mandarin and Nakaki).
There are two main indicators of demand in the public media, the publishing rate and the exchange rate, which is actually difficult to monitor, but more easily traceable. The market knows that 18 years ago, there was a nuclear cut-off.
The logic of the heart is that prices increase by about 10% per year. Because the popular media offer can in essence be understood as cpm, the price of the Internet company cpm has a certain amount of price, and by the end of 2018 mobile Internet traffic prices have fallen to 2016 levels, indirectly affecting them.
According to our price monitoring of first-line cities, Internet cpm prices showed a slow downward trend in the first half of the year, with a steep fall starting in August, which affected the price of the distributed media, and a small drop in Internet prices.
The reasons for the decline in traffic prices are complex, high traffic, insufficient demand, regulation of the Internet, etc. It is worth noting that the game is a big Internet advertisement that was suspended in March of 18 years, which greatly affected the demand of the game's advertisers; it started in 18 years.
The restructuring of Internet finance has also led to the closing of a group of p2p financial advertisers, games and Internet financial advertisers, who prefer Internet media in the media, and these short-term changes have made Internet prices much more volatile than the popular ones.
The price of the cinema’s media is expected to be higher than that of the building’s media. The price of the cinema’s media is more expensive (with a bigger screen), and advertising is dominated by high-end customers such as luxury goods, games, cars, etc.
High-end demand is hit even more when the climate is not good. In another dimension, the number of shows is the essence of cpm, and the number of screen viewers in cinemas is an important factor influencing pricing, and because of the rapid expansion of screen numbers, both the average daily viewers on single screens across the country.
The secondary or suburban average viewing trend has been on the decline since 2015. With wide power, the Department plans to reach a total of 80,000 screens by 2020, we expect that the trend of single-screen viewing will continue in 2019, with core logic largely dependent on supply-side expansion.
Figure 25: Average number of viewers per day on single screen (in thousands) Figure 26: Average number of viewers per city (in thousands)
In terms of distribution, the proportion of consumer goods and transport (mainly automobiles) consumed by day-to-day use has been quite significant for many years, resulting in a clear consumer-company identity. In recent years, the number of Internet entrepreneurs financing cases and the amount of financing has continued to rise, with a marked increase in advertising demand and capacity to pay.
There is uncertainty about the demand for advertising in the consumer sector. Total retail sales of goods above the limit increased on a year-to-year basis from q4 in 2018 (with a slight rebound in February 19), with a significant decline in optional consumption, such as car and communications equipment, and a relatively stable consumption of optional consumption, such as food beverages and clothing.
No. The sales in passenger cars began to fall on a cliff in September 2018, and the sales of communications equipment increased at a rate of negative growth (-5.9 per cent) for the first time in almost five years in November 2018, according to China Chart 29: Total retail sales in enterprises above limit: year-on-month ratio (as of November 2018)
In January, the apparel hood needles type of textiles was updated to February 2019, and the downward trend in the construction of residential and office buildings remains unchanged. On the one hand, the macroeconomic climate is weak, and on the other hand, the housing and office buildings are also the weight of the extended framework and video media.
To media, the decline in the area of completion suggests that the rapid expansion of the company’s screens may still be dominated by a sharp contraction in the old building, Vc/pe market in 2018, which is expected to channel to the first-level market investment in 2019, in the case of the second-hand car, advertising inputs are closely linked to financing and profitability.
In 2017, the expenditure on brand fees amounted to $852 million, a significant increase of 401 per cent over the previous year, mainly because the amount of financing in that year was $3.289 billion. According to the release of the annual newspaper 2017, the sum of $710 million in credit and credit was estimated to have been distributed to the public media in 2017.
In June 2018, the U.S. equity marketed ipo with a total of $400 million in re-financing, plus $1.6 billion in financing a quarter, with a cumulative financing of approximately $4.3 billion. As the company remains in a significant state of loss, plus a lower-than-expected financing of ipo, the company in 2018 will be able to make a total of $4.3 billion.
Q1 and q3 were in a relatively conservative position, with a fall in the q2 ratio and a steady q2 ratio. First-tier markets were hit by a cold winter of funding, and financing for the Internet and consumer services was expected to be affected.
Policies such as deleveraging of the financial sector, banking and other forms of fund-raising, strengthening of financial controls, etc., make it more difficult for institutions to raise funds.
Internet start-ups tend to increase their advertising after successful financing, and in 2019 financing is expected to be low, which may have an impact on the income growth of the public at the end of the Internet. In July 2018, Happiness Cake completed its 400 million financing: in July and December 2018, Rixin Café financed 200 million, respectively.
In less than $400 million a year, both of them increased their advertising after the financing was successful, and they became one of their major outlets, training, life services, tourism and textile apparel.
The multi-city moorings, the multi-city moorings, and the high-morigin moorings. As mentioned earlier, the multi-city moorings are not just higher than the Internet companies.
The Māori rate for advertising, and in a share, is also a leader. In particular, the high or low base of the branding business is one of the major market disputes about the division. The view that the barriers to the high Māori ratio are high, and the core logic is that the high Māori ratio is derived from the advantages of scale and the high quality of the advertiser's resources.
These take time to accumulate, which is difficult to replicate for competitors in the short term: the core logic of the view that the walls of high Maori are low is that the business model is very simple and easy to learn, so as long as the crowd maintains a high Māori rate, there will be competitors entering, thus allowing the crowd to compete for a Māori rate.
We believe that there should be no undue pessimism, and that there should be downward pressure in the short term on the range, but that it will be stable at some stage. The first view in the market is dominant at a time of high splits.
In the last six months, when the share price fell considerably, the second view in the market was dominated by the belief that it would be difficult to sustain the higher Māori. In our view, while there were some rivals, the barriers for the later entrants were getting higher and higher.
The pattern of competition may eventually result in a preponderant monopolistic pattern, where the crowd will remain the leader in the market, where it is expected to remain at least 60 per cent of the market, and when the market is stable, where the mass Māori, in terms of Māori rates and roe returns, entered the trafficking zone in q3 in 2018.
In the past three years, Māori rates have remained essentially 90-92 per cent of the population, with extremely high and low fluctuations: q1 of the population has been relatively low due to seasonal factors (q1 due to the fact that spring holidays are a thin season for advertising), after q1, the previous Māori rate was also relatively stable, but in the case of Q1
18 years q3 showed a sharp decline. In the last three years of the roe return, the volatility of the crowd, though higher than the Q1 seasonal effect, remained high, but it also fell sharply in 18 years q3.
Cash flows are the leading indicator, with the public media entering the trafficking zone in q2 in 2018. In 2018, q2, the bulk cash flows showed some bad signs, as reflected in a significant increase in receivables, a significant increase in the balance of receipts as a percentage of income, a significant increase in advances, and operating cash transfers/discounts.
The share of non-repatriate net profits has declined significantly, and these trends have increased further in q3 in 2018, and have been transmitted to financial indicators such as Maori rates, roe, etc. Given the uncertainty of macro-demands, we anticipate a pattern of competition in the building media — a pattern that may be a monopoly in the future.
In the short term, the new tide media may cause a slight disturbance to the cash flow and the Maori rate; in the long term, it is expected that the new tide will continue to dominate. After receiving $2 billion in financing in April 2018, the public expressed a desire to expand the market through higher rents for property and more favourable prices for advertising customers.
Competing. However, there is a quantitative gap between the media competitors of the new tide, in terms of revenue collection, Māori rates, net profits, asset regulation, etc. (as shown in the figure below). According to the announcement of the new wave of investment at the end of 2017, the new tide is 2017h1.
At 69.37 million yuan, 2017 income is expected to reach $250 million, and 2017h1 income is 48 times higher than the new tide. Under a radical price warfare strategy, the new tide lost 217h1, with a high deficit rate of 84%. In 2019, macroeconomic developments were uncertain, and the demand of advertisers could be lower.
The model of the new tide, while not significantly advanced, does not preclude potential interference with the crowd as long as the financing is kept healthy. Building media is a very large-scale industry with a significant impact on the population.
The media industry, with its national media location resources and a large number of high-quality brand clients, has operated far more efficiently. The new tide has not made a new breakthrough in the business model, relying mainly on price wars (upstream price reductions, downstream price increases), and operating efficiencies (such as advertising) are far less efficient than they are.
But increased competition will lead to higher rents, and in 2019 we will assume that the profit forecast for the splits will be reduced in the light of the higher rent cost. The other competitors in the typographical media are small, and there will be no disruption to the divide.
The Chinese-language media are some of the competing companies in the building ' s media, and they're all listed on the new three boards (where the Chinese-language media is out of the market), all of which are based on framework media and do not mostly deal with building videos. The largest Chinese-language C.I.E. in the first half of 2018 was only $186 million, less than one-38 per cent.
In terms of Māori rates, there is a significant difference between the Māori rates of the two other households, with the exception of the high rates of Māori across the cities that operate in the first line of cities. None of these companies has a substantial impact on the population.
Taken together, the pattern of competition in the building media may eventually lead to a monopolistic pattern in which crowds will remain the leading sheep in the market. Competition will lead to higher rents, and the advertising industry will have an advantage in size.
For those who enter later, the later they enter, the higher the cost of burning the money, and the higher the barriers to entry. After the market’s stability, companies expect to remain at least 60% of the market, and the Māori rate will also be the competitive pattern in the cinema media – split and Wanda are expected to form a double-hatting pattern.
Disaggregated revenues from cinema advertising, the number of cinemas covered, and the number of screens ranked first in the industry, but single cinemas and single-film advertising earned less than 10,000 movies.
The number of cinemas and cinemas covered by the banners is higher than the number of cinemas and the number of screens: but single cinemas and single-film cinemas are less than 10,000 films, mainly because the entire cinema is more expensive and there are more cinemas.
The price of the bill is higher, in addition to the 10,000-dollar billing revenue, which includes some of the film production-related implants, while the popular cinema ads are mainly pre-enactment ads, with few of them. The competitive patterns of the cinema media – the crowds and Wandas are expected to form a two-chamber pattern.
A subsidiary, in 2017, although the number of cinemas covered was close to the mass media, it operated more efficiently than the annual cinema advertising revenues by 23%, and the market share was falling. The Chinese advertising business, because it was run by the state, was less flexible in concept and thinking than the private sector, and it was more influential in the market as a whole.
Weak. According to our estimates, the market share of cinema media outlets was about 47 per cent in 2017, and about 35 per cent in Huanda, and the centralization effect of the future cinema media is expected to become more pronounced, with the combined market share of cinemas and wandas likely to exceed 90 per cent in the long run, creating a double-hatting pattern.
With the stable pattern of competition, the popular cinema media are expected to have a higher Māori rate than the current Māori rate, and may remain steadily rising. In our view, in the cinema advertising market, the advantage of the crowd over the Mwanda film and crystal media is that:
The growth of advertising revenue is limited by the expansion of the Vanda cinema, which is mainly under the banner of ownership, and by the fact that competition has made it difficult to cooperate with other authorities.
On the other hand, the ads of the public media in the building also have a layout, which provides the advertisers with a full-scale marketing integration program based on the parallel cinema media. The data are calculated at the corresponding end-of-year exchange rate of the United States dollar against the renminbi.
From the pe valuation, the company is at the bottom of the valuation and we believe that the pe valuation of the 50 above can be used as a reference for the bottom of the valuation.
By comparison, the company’s Māori rate, net interest rate, and roe indicators for q1-q3 in 2018 are far above averages and only 86% of the average. Taken together, the pe(ttm) in question has fluctuated overall over the last two years.
▪ The company is also at the bottom of the valuation from the ps valuation. Given that the company was in a supply-driven cycle in 2019 and that the forecast of profits was more influenced by the cost of rent, we believe that the projection of profits is less dependent than the income projection, so the ps valuation is used as a reference.
There is little risk of downwards in the bottom zone since the stock market. The impact on stock prices of the recent large-scale lifting is unlikely – compared to the last large-scale lifting, the flow, we compared the two releases in detail, on the one hand, although this time the release rate was as high as 52.55%.
Considering the relatively low probability of a reduction in the shareholding, the percentage of non-equity holders released was 29.21 per cent, which is not the same as the previous release: in addition, the current circulation was much higher than the previous release, when the last release was 86 per cent of the post-release share capital, compared to the ratio of this post-restriction shareholder.
In terms of liquidity and turnover, the impact of the lifting was much smaller than in the previous period. Moreover, in terms of pe or ps, the valuation at the time of the lifting was lower than in the previous period.
Corporate buy-backs and equity incentives are a sign of confidence in the future, and Alibaba may continue to buy against the hedges for the purpose of an employee’s stock-holding scheme or equity incentive. Moreover, the company announcement of 18 July 2018 shows that Alibaba, in the next 12 months, has decided, as appropriate, to make a big deal or a centralized bid.
At the moment, the friction phase of US-China trade has eased, and based on our communication with the gold macro team, we believe that the demand for advertising in the second half of 2019 is more likely to increase than it was in the first half of the year.
With a high base effect in the first half of 18 years, and an 18-year summer World Cup that led to a peak of income and profit in 18 years q2. We believe that the Māori ratio of 19 years q1 may have been explored, the Māori rate of q2 may have recovered, but it is still below the level of 18 years q3 and the Māori rate has returned to the ratio.
The first period of positive growth in net profit on the same basis. Of course, the uncertainty of macro-consumption has also made it difficult for us to judge the bottom of the company, which we believe will generate investment gains of $563 million from the combined stockholdings sold by the company in the first quarter of 2019.
Corporate valuation: The value of the reference for the year is higher, considering the company ' s general regulations at the end of 2016, taking into account that the company is an integral part of the msci Chinaa index and that the future factor for inclusion is gradually increasing, and the investment proposal: although in the short term, the Māori rate and net interest rates of reversible expansion companies will be subject to pressure,
But in the long run, corporate business models and client groups have the potential to make a bigger breakthrough, helping to strengthen corporate leadership in the industry, as we say in the title, “Silent, sub-covering gives an “enhanced” rating.
52.55 per cent, of which the controlling shareholder metiamanage release of 23.34 per cent, the 34 other shareholders assume that the annual rent increase for the building's single screen is 8 to 19 per cent and the annual rent increase for the cinema screen is around 3.6 per cent, which would result in higher rent increases than we expected due to changes in the pattern of competition.
Risk of rapid growth in accounts receivable: At the end of September 2018, the balance of accounts receivable/total income ratio reached a level that would have an impact on the Māori rate in the future as a result of rapid growth in fixed assets: rapid growth of corporate media assets in 2018 would have some pressure on depreciation and obsolescence of fixed assets in the coming years, mainly
Macroeconomic fluctuations may affect the demand of advertisers: if consumption is weaker than expected under macroeconomic influences, they may affect advertisers’ investment budgets, leading to lower-than-expected income projections. In particular, macro-demand forecasts for 2020 are more difficult to predict, making our company’s performance for 2020 accurate.
In 2018, the rate of growth was 9.1%. We assumed that in 2019 and 2020, the rate of growth was around 4% for the company's cinema media.
Measured. If the ticket house does not have as much revenue as expected, the related report rating ratio analysis in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, and built as average market investment