New Essom (300502.sz) has seen a significant increase in the income ring in the second quarter, and high-end products are profitable and profitable.
\triangleright has grown significantly in the first half of the year, and the company has maintained its ability to deliver well in order to achieve both profit and profit growth. \triangleright \triangleright
Market data: Half-yearly, 18 September 2025, the company produced 15.2 million light module capacity, 7.1 million output, an increase of 66.7 per cent over the same period in the previous year, the re-establishment of buildings (in Thailand) and the purchase of large quantities of machinery and equipment.
In the second quarter, the company’s high-speed product ratio continued to rise, and customer orders continued to increase, with 2.7 pct. We believe that the company’s transition to Thailand is smooth and cost-controlled, while focusing on the needs of large customers.
From 400 g to 800 g, and from the start of the new client 1.6t, it helps to maintain the industry’s leading profitability in the second half of the year. New product outlook: 1.6t products up fast, silicon light ratio rising, aec&cpo
The company's 1.6t product covers a number of customer projects, which, in view of current market demand and client guidance, are expected to grow gradually in the second half of the year and increase further next year. The company has a special team for silicon chip development, which is expected to increase the share of silicon light products between the second half of the year and next year.
The cpo light engine product will be driven by customer orders and market demand. We believe that the company's research and development is oriented towards the needs of large customers, with clear objectives and markets, and that future aec and cpo are expected to create new ones.
In North America, the market for customized chips continued to grow in 2026, and companies benefited from it as a core supplier of large customers. According to the semiconductor industry observation, the business timer reported that the volume of cagr from the 2024-2026asic chip was expected to reach 70%, and the volume from the asic for training in 2025 would increase to 5 million.
One, the ratio of gpu to asic on the overall ai server will be six to four in 2026. Of the four big csps in North America, aws is expected to launch a Teton-2 cabinet in the trainium 2/2.5 in the second half of the year, with an increase of asic output of over 40%; Meta plans to phase out its own mtia chip from the second half of the year.
Minerva cabinets. Asic Designer Botun projects that, by 2027, Botton's Asic operations will have generated between $60 billion and $90 billion. We see that the design specifications of the Asic chips of the North American Big Plant are close to the same age as those of the main gpu, scaleeout bandwidth growth in the same age as Botuntomahawk6.
The only non-nvlink supernode solution currently produced by Botun is now being used by large clients, and we've seen North America's cosps show positive capital spending, and the company's plant in Thailand expands.
\triangleright accelerates, new products are well-profited, and the forecast for higher profits is higher. We expect companies to return to their homes in 2025-2027, changes in customs policies or frictions between Central and American economies, resulting in lower capital costs in North America; downstream.
The introduction of new suppliers by large clients has resulted in lower than expected delivery volumes; higher prices for upstream materials and below-achievement measures are expected to lead to a decline in the Māori rate; delays in the development of the company's next generation of light communications, such as cpo, oio, lead to technology; financial statement forecasts and valuation data aggregates
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.