The high-speed light module continues to be released, and the company ' s performance continues to increase, and the semi-annual report (300502.sz) of 2025 reports a rapid increase in demand for the high-speed light module and a steady increase in the company ' s performance.
In the first half of 2025, the company achieved 6.95 million light module sales, an increase of 112.54 per cent.
In the first half of 2025, the company produced 15.2 million light modules, an increase of 66.67 per cent, effectively supporting the growth in corporate performance. In terms of profitability, benefits are derived from a sustained increase in the sales of high-speed light module products, and the company ' s Māori ratio has risen consistently.
Continuously high-intensity R & D inputs to build technological barriers and product differentiation advantages. Companies continue to increase R & D inputs, amounting to $334 million in the first half of 2025, together with 1.6 t light module bulk delivery capacity, high-speed optical chip envelopes and light devices.
The company will continue to work with mainstream communication equipment manufacturers, Internet producers, promote corporate globalization and deepen its participation in new products and technologies.
Market competition further enhances the firm’s core competitiveness in the light module industry. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: companies continue to increase their R & D inputs, high-speed light product sales continue to increase, and profitability continues to increase as high-speed light units demand.
In response to this rapid upturn, the company's performance continued to increase in the first half of 2025, and we went up.
The High Speed Light Module has been continuously released, and corporate performance has increased competition; risks of exchange rate fluctuations; adverse changes in the macro-environment; and tariff policies are available for this report. It is free from the interference and influence of the relevant business sectors of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc.
I do not rate myself as r4 for this report's risk rating, but only for customers (c4 and c4) who meet the appropriate management requirements of the investors (hereinafter referred to as “the company”)
At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, but it is not obligated to do so.