800g demand surges drive high performance and technology leads to long-movement energy — a report from the company event review of the new euphoria (300502.sz)
ivzy@cfsc.com.cn ai arithmetic growth in performance driven by high output structure significant improvement mainly as a result of sustained growth in artificial intelligence-related numeracy investment, output
The demand for high-speed products continues to grow. Global AI and numeracy infrastructure continued to be built up in the first half of the year, creating a peak in expenditure on arithmetic and data centre infrastructure, driving demand for high-performance light module products.
Thailand ' s capacity is being scaled up, supply chain resilience is building delivery barriers, and the first phase of Thailand ' s plant, which has been in operation since the first half of 2023, has continued to be efficient, and the second phase, which was officially launched in early 2025, has resulted in a rapid post-partum release of capacity, with a focus on:
Production of 1.6t module, which is currently in the process of continuous expansion. The Thai plant is at the heart of a company-wide globalization strategy to continuously optimize production capacity planning according to market demand, and is expected to upgrade product delivery capacity in overseas markets for North American cloud producers.
Arithmetic infrastructure needs provide robust supply security, high-performance, high-speed light modules are shaped for long-term growth, technology leads industry change, and the next generation takes advantage of the strategy.
Motivation 2024-05-14 The company continues to break through at the frontier of light module technology and has successfully rolled out the industry-led 800g/1.6t light module product from a single wave 200g light device to cover
vcsel/eml, silicon light, and titanium diaphragm. The company's 800g product will be an important part of the company's sales revenue in the year. 1.6t product is progressing well.
The cpo technology area is also configured, and when the cpo becomes an ecosystem in the future, the public sector is expected to have a place in competition for the cpo-related products. With high-speed luminous module leading manufacturers, companies are expected to increase their profitability even further.
Maintain a “buy-in” investment rating. Risks, downstream demand below expected risk, ari’s arithmetic need below expected risk, risk of overseas operations.
• Presentation by the Electronic Communications Group: Lu Zhoyang: Master ' s degree from the National University of Australia, formerly in Fangzheng Seok, four years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Shukun: Bachelor of International Political Economics from the University of Haya padida, Master of Economics from the University of Hong Kong, 2023
Ishi Joon-hoon: Master of Finance, University of Hong Kong, two degrees in actuarials and statistics, University of New South Wales, where research is directed towards pcb. This reflects my research perspective. I am not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.