The net profit in the first half of the year exceeded expectations, and the offshore 800g light module demand led to growth in corporate performance.
The high demand for 800g products overseas has led to rapid growth in corporate performance in the first half of the year: benefiting from the arithmetic investment enthusiasm associated with the ai lead, global data centre spending peaked in the first half of the year, global computing demand has continued to rise, and global demand for 800g light modules is expected to rise in 2025 based on the news and light traffic.
There are 18-22 million major buyers, including British Weida, Google, Meta, and the aws. The owners of the company want their clients, including Meta, awx, Xai, oracle, to have a higher rate of growth and the 800g light module of the public department in the first half of the year to go to more large overseas plants, leading to a marked increase in the company’s market share; and, in addition, hair.
The share of profits continues to rise, leading to a rapid increase in net profits for companies. Thailand’s productive capacity continues to be released, and North American customer delivery is less affected by tariffs: the company’s Thai plant became operational in the first half of 2023; and the second was officially launched in early 2025 and is now in possession.
In the extension phase, the corporate globalization strategy will plan for subsequent capacity-building based on global market demand. The product mix, taking into account factors such as the United States moratorium on customs duties on Thailand, will help to strengthen the company’s capacity.
The growth in corporate performance in the second quarter is also partly due to lower tariffs and downstream demand.
Pre-positioning high-speed light module, the company’s plant in Thailand, using a temporary tariff exemption to raise a stock of products, has now launched 1.6t light module products covering the entire technical route of vcsel/eml, silicon light and film platinum. It is expected that it will be officially released in 2026 to meet the needs of downstream customers.
The Division has deployed high-speed aec cable modules, high-speed lpo light modules and cpo products, and is expected to continue to maintain a leading position in the industry in the competition for market evolution and a variety of arithmetic connections.