Communications Group 2q25 performance exceeded expectations, with high-speed light module revenue as a percentage of 1. " New Leafling company rating: continued rapid growth in performance " , lpo, aec, etc.
“In-depth study of the New Emancipation company: a light module head manufacturer, tied to high-speed light module release of 800 g, etc. overseas, leading to increased corporate revenue: increased capital from arithmetical investment, and increased demand for high-speed light module.
The global demand for 800 g light modules is expected to reach 18 to 22 million, with major buyers including British Weida, Google, Meta, aws, etc. The company is an important supplier of light for North American cloud producers, with a high-speed ratio of 800 g and above in point-to-light modules.
The luminous module has the logic of a substantial increase in prices, leading to an optimal structure of the company’s products and a significant increase in net profits. Moreover, we believe that, subject to tariff uncertainty, some of the high-speed light module products of 2q companies may be delivered ahead of schedule, further increasing their performance.
Looking forward to 26 years, multiple benefits are expected to be released gradually: 1) 26 years of 800g light module demand is strong and industry demand is expected to double; and 1.6t light module penetration is expected to increase, and the company has successfully launched a single wave 200g of 1.6t light module product, which is expected to increase.
2) Google, aws, Meta, and Openal's asic chips are expected to be released on a large scale in 2026. Asic uses more light modules than gpu, and the company is expected to be a core supplier of light modules for overseas cloud manufacturers.
Beneficiary. 3) Aec is the opt-in connection in the asic cabinet, and lpo applies to the server-to-exchange connection in the data centre cabinet, with low-capacity, low-cost advantages, and companies have layouts in aec, lpo and are expected to form a second-growth curve that increases profitability.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating, taking into account the high-speed light module requirements and the company's high profitability, we have raised the profit margin by 16/10/9 times Pe, respectively, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
The risks of physical control by companies of people being subjected to administrative sanctions, of a person not growing as expected, of increased competition in the market, of new technologies not developing as expected, and of stock backlogs.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market