One season of re-innovation and strong demand-driven energy - semi-annual performance rating in 2025 - Quantities (300502.sz)
Re-innovation in a single quarter, with high performance growth momentum. 1h25 achieved revenues of 4,437 million yuan, an increase of 282.64 per cent, a net return to the mother of 3,942 million yuan, an increase of 355.68 per cent, and Zhao Liangbi.
The same increase of 3.64 pcts, a 1.69 pct drop, is the overall result of a high growth of 1h25 performance, a well-managed single-quarter profit, a better customer recognition, and a higher demand for high traction performance. The company’s product structure continues to be optimized, and the high-speed light module ratio continues to rise, driving a 1q25 increase.
Wang Si-hwan, who is re-innovating and at the same time, at the same time as the company's revenues and profits rise rapidly, the company's cost rate continues to increase, the absolute value rises and the share drops are forecast for higher performance.
In terms of the Māori rate, the continued increase in the stock of raw materials in the company represents, to some extent, the upstream supply of raw materials, the stable supply chain of the company.
In an environment where market supply is inadequate, the price reduction rate is expected to slow, while the ratio of high Maori products to higher levels of corporate profitability will be further strengthened. While the Māori rate has been adjusted for the first quarter of 2q25, we believe that it is positive in the context of faster sales revenue growth and rapid increases in client recognition.
We believe that the company’s Māori rate will remain relatively high. Investments suggest that, as demand-side volume increases and the trend towards high end-up, adding to the official operational expectations of supply-side plants in Thailand, we believe that the company’s performance in the second half of the year is expected to increase by 1h25.
Less than expected risks, increased competition in the light module industry, etc. Report and 1025 Quarterly performance ratings, continued high performance, scale effects [Galactic communication], new euphoria (300502.sz): 2024, 3
Quarterly performance reviews, rapid growth in business performance, high-speed product delivery. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.