\triangleright deducts net profit from the non-mortality of $3.934 billion, an increase of 354.9 per cent over the previous quarter of 25q2
638.5 million yuan, a 295.4 per cent increase in the same year and 57.6 per cent in the ring, a net return to the mother of 2.37 billion yuan, a demand driven by Maga Weiai, and a high growth in the performance of high-end light module acceleration aid companies: corporate revenue in the first half of the year
\triangleright and parent net profits achieved by the same year increased by 282.6% and 355.7%, respectively, benefiting mainly from the accelerated release of high-end light modules driven by the demand of the ai. In the first half of the year, the sales of corporate light modules were 6.95 million, an increase in the same year.
In terms of capacity, the company produced 15.2 million light modules in the first half of the year, an increase of 66.7 per cent over the same year. The company ' s current productive reserves are abundant. In terms of overseas capacity, the Thai plant has been reported five years and a quarter: 25q1 out of expectations, ai-driven.
High demand for high-end light modules - 2025/04/24 Performance over-expected, high-level acceleration of high-end product release capacity achieved
\triangleright long 2024/10/26ai driven high performance and significant increase in profitability 2024/
4-year Quarterly: performance over-expected, Māori ratio \triangleright 5. New Estimation (300502.sz) Equity Incentives: Equity
Stimulating corporate confidence, with a high demand of 800g/1.6t strong at $1 billion, a 157.6 per cent increase in the same year, with multiple R&D projects in the new technology area of new company products in the first half of the year making breakthroughs and progress, with high-speed light module product sales steadily increasing. A single wave of 1.6t/800g has been successfully launched.
200g light module product, with a combination of 800g and 400g light module product combinations already covering medium- and short-range light modules based on vcsel/eml and silicon light solutions, zr/zr+ linked modules with a distance of up to 80km~120km, long-range light modules and 800g/400g light modules based on the lpo programme.
Investment proposal: Considering the continued high demand for the high-end light module driven by the ai, we raise the profit forecast by a multiplier of 35 x 24 x 20 x. The company is strong in the field of light modules, deeply tied to overseas head manufacturers, and continues to focus on the breakthroughs of new customers and deep deployments in the cutting edge of technology, and the company is expected to hold them in the future.
Continue to benefit from the increased demand for high-end light module products brought about by the ai. Maintain a “recommended” rating. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, produces the present report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.