Poly Estates: Performance sales are bright, and corporate financing advantages continue to be highlighted. Events: The company recently released its mid-year report in 2019, which achieved operating income of $71.140 billion, an increase of 19.5 per cent over the previous year, an increase in the Maori rate and an increase in project equity.
Higher than the growth in operating income. Mainly, it stems from the following three factors: 1) the concentration of high Māori-ratio projects into carry-over periods; 2) the higher proportion of interest in carry-over projects during the reporting period.3 The company’s cost-control capacity and managerial capacity have improved.
Second-line cities and six core urban clusters contributed more than 75% of the sales; the company reached a start of 28.94 million in the first half of the year, completed 64% of the year’s work plan, and stored sufficient value for the second half of the year’s roll-out.
Me, 45.3% less than the same year, total land cost of $53.3 billion, 50.3% less than the same year, land share of sales, and now multi-dimensional land extension models, such as hook-up, mergers and acquisitions, have been built, using state-owned platforms, to integrate high-quality resources. h1, companies have received a total of $51 billion in bank letters. With the tightening of funds in the second half of the year, companies are relying on them.
Investment proposals: the company has sufficient land reserves, an aggressive willingness to expand, and a high-level goal of “returning to the first three” within three years. In the broader context of an increasingly tight policy environment, the company takes the lead in financing.
The advantages will become more apparent, and in the broader context of the integration of corporations, the property development platform at the heart of the group, which does not exclude the possibility of continuing other high-quality resources in the future. In completing the integration of Hong Kong, Paulie, profit projections and financial indicators:
(a) Poly property: performance sales are showing good performance, and the financial advantage of the firm continues to be highlighted - an increase in the Māori ratio, an increase in the equity ratio of the project, 71.12 billion yuan, or +19.5 per cent, of the business income of the company in the first half of 19 years, and a net profit of 9.96 billion, attributable to the shareholders of the listed company.
The increase in net profit from the parent is significantly higher than the increase in operating income, mainly due to the following three factors: 1) Māori ratio of company real estate accounts increased by 5.7 percentage points to 41.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the high Māori rate project was concentrated in the carry-over period; 2) higher proportion of project equity carried over from the reporting period, Figure 1: Corporate business income and rate of increase over the years
Figure 4: Māori rates, net interest rates, II, healthy growth in sales, high roller value, one to fourth in industry: over 75 per cent of sales in first- or second-line cities and six core urban clusters, including the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle
Man-Ping, 64% of all year-round start-up plans have been completed, predicting 19 years of new start-up or over-plan completion, with sufficient value reserves for the second half of the year. Overall, the company is active, the value of the stock is high, and it is expected that sales will continue to rise in the second half of the year.
In the first half of 2019, the company ' s new outreach projects were 44: a new volume of 8.26 million square metres, a 45.3 per cent decrease in the same year, yuan/square rice, which accounted for 41.8 per cent of the average sales price over the same period, with a more stable cost of land. In terms of city capacity, 78 per cent and 22 per cent of the land received were in the first half of the year, with three or four-line cities focusing mainly on the perimeter layout of urban clusters such as the Pearl Triangle, the Long Triangle, etc.
After many years of development, companies have built multi-dimensional land extension models such as hook-up, mergers, acquisitions, cooperative development, retrofitting, business integration, industry expansion, etc., and have acquired land development operations under the China-China international flag, drawing on the resource consolidation advantages highlighted by the state-owned platform.
Implementation and storage of a number of high-quality projects such as old renovations, city landmarks, thematic parks, niche towns, and industrial parks.
The company has been focusing on second-line cities and core urban clusters, building up a layout system that focuses on urban clusters such as the Pearl Triangle, the Long Triangle, Kyouta, the Centre, Chengjing, and Heissi. As of 2019h1, the company had a combined area of 7,618 million square metres to be developed in 104 cities, both within and outside the country, and is expected to meet the development needs of the next 2-3 years and respond flexibly to market changes.
Companies continue to contract deep core areas. Of the areas to be developed, 4.61 million square metres, or more than 60 per cent, are in second-line cities; 34.98 million square metres, or 46 per cent, are in bead triangles and long triangles, and the reserve resource structure continues to be optimized.
Companies have fully utilized the advantages of state corporate credit and leading home firms to reserve long-term capital at a low cost. This year’s contraction in land spending has resulted in an increase of $7.33 billion, combined debt costs of only about 4.99 per cent over the end of last year, a decrease of 0.04 percentage points over the end of last year, and financing advantages. From the financing end of the spectrum, companies are now investing in bank credit, equity financing, direct debt financing, and asset securitization.
As a result of this diversified financing system, interest-bearing liabilities continue to be dominated by bank borrowing, which accounts for more than 77 per cent, and direct debt financing instruments, such as corporate debt and the Chinese ticket, which account for about 14 per cent. By 2019, h1 companies had received a total of $51 billion in total.
Poly Estates: Performance sales are showing good performance, corporate financing advantages continue to be prominent, six-fold, rich in dividends, and companies have gained large shareholders, with high performance growth in recent years, and a strong distributional policy has highlighted corporate strength and confidence.
Issued an equity distribution announcement for 2018 based on 11,895 million shares of the total equity of the company prior to the implementation of the programme, each of which found that the investment proposal: the company's land reserves were sufficient, its willingness to expand was positive, and its high-level goal of “returning to the first three” within three years. In the broader context of a tightening policy environment, the advantages of financing would become more apparent, and it would be consolidated.
In a broader context, Paulie’s property is the central property development platform of the group, which does not preclude the ability to continue other high-quality resources in the future. With the integration of Paulie Hong Kong and the resolution of peer competition, regional and municipal participation is expected to accelerate.
Poly Property: Performance sales show good performance. Corporate financing advantages continue to be highlighted.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.