China Connect (600050.sh) 5g Reshaping Industrial Values Distribution, China Connect China Fluttered Values Distribution, 30 04 . 5g Reshaping Industry Values Distribution, China Connecting Marginal Improvement is evident, with first-time coverage to give an `uptake' rating
As one of China's three major communications operators, China Connect provides a variety of communication network services worldwide. In 2017, the company introduced a mix of strategic shareholders in industries such as “batj”, product restructuring, downgrading efficiency gains, and a marginal improvement in profitability.
The 5g infrastructure network effectively controls capex and, on the other hand, expands the effectiveness of 5g services. In addition to providing 5g communications links to these “pipelineized” mass services, it will also enable industries to provide “value-added” services for the 5g sector, and China Connect will benefit from the 5g re-engineering of the value distribution of the industry, which is expected to be above expectations.
• Merger product restructuring and increasing profitability are expected to continue The company's shift from equity architecture, business innovation and management systems has yielded significant results; at the same time, attention has been paid to streamlining staff, improving incentives and increasing income generation per employee, with good growth momentum;
In collaboration with the Internet flagship strategy, with the resource advantages of Batj, the introduction of multi-type Internet niches to meet the diversification needs of clients has led to a steady and sustained growth of 4g users. At the income end, secure Internet broadband niches have led to a significant development of 4/5g wireless operations; at the cost end, the cost of selling communications products and financial resources
Business costs, etc. are falling, efficiency gains are being reduced, extra measures are being taken, and the company’s business performance is improving at a lower level. Enabling industry application of 5g, broadening the business model to bring about new opportunities for development.
The rapid growth of operations 2b will be achieved through enabling 5g applications across industries, effectively reducing the low-value services of “pure pipelineization” and increasing the number of high-value services of special colouring, customization, and high-motivation in industrial value chains, brought about by a combination of basic technologies such as cloud computing and artificial intelligence.
With the full roll-out of the 5g building, the multiplicity of flowers applied by the 5g, the company will effectively expand its business model and its performance, China Connect: a long-standing telecommunications service operator 1.1, a long-standing company, and a mixed search for new growth points.
1.1.1 The long-standing leading industry, China United Network Communications Group Ltd. (China Connect) was consolidated in January 2009 by the former China Network and former China Connect, a holding company approved by the State Council, operating under the telecommunications industry.
There are branches in 31 provinces of the country (including autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government) and in several countries and territories outside the country, providing coverage of modern communication networks in the country and around the world through the relevant holding subsidiaries of the United Red Cross and Red Cross Corporation, including DTI services, data communication services, and other relevant value-added services.
Broadbanding of mobile networks, constantly improving the quality of products and services and providing satisfactory information and communication services to clients.
Companies focused on development and actively promoted mixed ownership reforms, with notable results. In 2017, companies successfully implemented mixed ownership reforms, introducing other State-owned and non-State capital, and advanced institutional innovation.
As a result of this change, the micro-entity has become more dynamic. The company has continued to streamline its staff, and according to the company ' s annual report of 2019, the provincial and municipal sub-firm bodies have decreased by an average of 10.5% and 24.7%, respectively, and the number of managers in the provincial company has been reduced by 12%.
By working with the Internet tap (batj), the company seeks a new engine of growth.
Corporate Internetization of products: introduction of Internet packages such as Wangca, Ice cream, Flow King, leading to continued strong growth of 4g households; marketing Internetization: enhanced customer maintenance, precision marketing and improved customer retention with big data analysis; Internetization of channels: increased collaboration with Internet contacts, exotic light touch points and increased online production capacity.
Significant reductions in channel costs; participation in industry Internet operations, providing an engine for subsequent growth. Figure 2: Companies introducing strategic collaborators, improving incentives 1.2, income restructuring and co-financing for profit
Fixed communications operations, domestic and international communications facility service operations, data communications operations, network access operations, various types of telecommunication value-added operations, systems integration operations related to telecommunication information operations, etc. The proportion of fixed-line operations has gradually increased in recent years, and in 2019 they contributed nearly 70 per cent of the company ' s revenue to the company ' s telecommunications operations.
1.2.2. Cost end: Control costs, significant reduction in costs and financial costs for company sales of communications products after setting aside space for expenditure 5g. Corporate costs include, inter alia, network clearing costs, depreciation amortization, network operation and support costs, labour costs, sales of communications
Cost of products, sales costs, other operating costs, and administrative and financial costs. Depreciation and amortization were the primary costs, accumulated at $83.61 billion in 2019, or 28.78% of the cost.
After years of mixing, there has been a steady and significant increase in labour costs and other operating management costs, which has enhanced employee incentives, promoted higher per capita remuneration and provided a catalyst for corporate development. 1.3. The transformation has led to marginal improvements in business performance.
The growth rate of corporate operating income has recovered since 2017, and in 2019 the net profit from the increase in the collection badges has increased significantly. The company ' s gross operating income in 2013 reached an all-time high of $30.37 billion, mainly in the company ' s 3g business, which is better developed and leading industry.
The Division was at a disadvantage in the area of industrial competition, with a fall in net profits and net returns in 2015-2017 and a return to the growth-rate era after a mix. In 2019, as a result of the impact of such factors as speeding down fees, market saturation, strong competition in the market, and the gradual erosion of the 4g-flow dividend, the domestic communications sector experienced a period of rapid growth and rising incomes.
Long-term, industry-value pressure, company operating income of $29.515 billion, slightly increased, benefiting from good cost control, resulting in a net profit return of $4,982 million, or 22 per cent higher than the previous year. Marketing Māori rates and net interest rates improved markedly after the mix.
The impact of the decline in net profits has declined slightly, and has risen gradually since the change in 2017. With the capital advantage of Batj, the company introduced Internet-based packages such as the "Wing Card" , resulting in a strong and sustained growth of 4g users. At the same time, the volume of data flows has grown at a significant rate, with a small increase in the arpu value.
Improvements are evident. The combination of these multiple factors has led to a double increase in the Māori rate and net interest rate, and the financial situation is clearly good, with 2 and 5g promoting horizontal cooperation and business closure 2.1, building 5g in cooperation with telecommunications, with early results.
China Connect, under the influence of joint construction 5g, seizes the opportunity of development to continuously strengthen the core competitiveness of companies, saves costs while increasing the market competitiveness of 5g networks and services. China Connect entered into a co-building and co-operation agreement with China Telecom, which is expected to achieve a 5g-cover city goal by 2020.
In 2020, China reached a consensus with China Telecom to complete the five-g construction tasks set by Guangdong, Zhejiang, Jiangsu, and the founding cities of China.
In the third quarter, the country’s planned construction tasks were completed; the target of 5g coverage of all the country’s local municipalities was achieved throughout 2020, with the network multiplying in size and capacity; and the industry and commercial applications of 5g were upgraded to sa in a timely manner. During the 4g period, China’s telecommunications operations with China were difficult to earn compared to China’s movements.
In 2019, China’s connection to China’s telecommunications business combined with China’s combined revenues and losses in China. In the face of the already advanced 5g era and opportunities for development, China’s connection with China’s telecommunications is either expected to expand its operations and increase its revenue and net profits to a level comparable to China’s movement.
Until the age of 5g, the industry was saturated and the arpu declined steadily. The telecommunications industry as a whole is now showing a downward trend, mainly due to the gradual saturation of the market, the rapid increase in the penetration rate of the mobile communications industry, the strict implementation of the speed-down policy, the overrepresentation of the 2g-4g-era voice business, 4g
The successful implementation of the 5g project and the increase in user penetration of the 5g are expected to boost companies and even the industry as a whole. Before the 5g era, the three major operators used low-cost tactics to take over the market.
On the one hand, the 5g user acceptance and loyalty have increased and the value of the user has increased; on the other hand, the increasing share of non-voice business is also expected to lead to a gradual recovery of the arpu value. According to the annual report, China is connected to 2019arpu.
For $40.4 and now over $80 for 5garpu, as the user penetration rate of 5g increases, the combination of arpu 2.2 and 5g, which sought to create a commercial closed-door role for content providers, has seized the opportunity to adjust the mobile business development strategy and ensure that quality and differential marketing are improved.
Enabling 5g application, publishing the 5g brand logo “5gn” and the theme slogan “Making the future grow”, deploying the 7+33+n” 5g network plan to provide continuous coverage in seven cities in the north, Nanjing, Hangzhou, and Yuan. Companies use networking to communicate on-line and precision marketing, highlighting 21 Internet operations and industry applications, and upgrading the company’s portal.
The role of telecommunications operators in the 5g era is also evolving, with 5g facilities and connection services to be actively integrated into the development of 5g-entitled downstream applications, and with downstream applications matured and re-energized by 5g investments to build a closed business circle.
Telecommunications operators will dominate the development of 5g applications with high reliance on communications and will work with industry partners to explore the application of complex 5g applications.
China Connect seizes the opportunity of the digital transformation of the telecommunications industry and is actively engaged in innovative business. It operates cloud computing, big data, and innovations like the ai and object network.
The company is actively involved in promising 5g applications such as vr/ar, car networking, and explores 5g applications. In the vr/ar area, the company and the Chinese Automobile Technology Research Centre are working together to develop a wide range of applications in the vr field.
In Tianjin, the country's first 5g+v2x integration network unmanned pilot and 5g base station was built. In the industrial Internet industry, the company and Hwa Tingbing Bridge and Xiamen have launched and tested the first full 5g Internet end-to-end application worldwide in the Xin Chang `Fiveg First Demonstration Area'.
See the Korean model, 5g-driven Dou-arpu double growth. According to the data compiled by the Communication World Network, 5g-business in Korea, from 5g commercial in April 2019, to 9.5gb in 4g in 2019, to 24gb, and 5gdou nearly three times the average of 4g.
On the whole, both Dou and Arpu have grown considerably. The current applications of 5gvr, ar, ultra-clear video, cloud games, etc. are not yet mature, and as these applications mature, both Dou and arpu will grow high.
As one of China’s three major communications operators, China Connect provides a wide range of communication network services, both domestically and worldwide. In 2017, companies introduced strategic shareholders in industries like “batj.”
Control capex and, on the other hand, increase the efficiency of 5g services, and future profitability will be further enhanced. In the 5g era, the role of telecommunications operators will change, in addition to providing 5g communications to these “pipelined” mass services, to enable industries to provide “value-added” services for the 5g sector, and China Connect will benefit from the re-engineering of 5g.
Industrial value distribution and business performance is expected to exceed expectations. For the first time, coverage was given, with an “enhancement” rating. Figure 15: Three operators, pb, showed similar trends
As comparable companies move from China to China and Chinese telecommunications are Hong Kong shares, China Connect is valued using the pb valuation method, which currently fluctuates between 0.5 and 3 times as much as the domestic operator pb, considering that the company, as the only one among the three operators, has a certain degree of operational synergy with the strategic shareholder “batj”, a future company.
Table 4: Comparable company valuation: China Connect has a certain valuation advantage and macroeconomic and market competition risks. The Chinese economy is under pressure due to macro-level factors such as the new crown epidemic, trade wars, etc.
The new crown epidemic poses some challenges to companies’ operations in the short term, including business development, network building, bad debt risk, etc., and accelerates the need for economic and social digitization, networking, and intelligent transformation, bringing new business opportunities to companies. The traditional business of domestic telecommunications is saturated, and market competition continues to be intense.
Global telecommunications operators speed up network upgrading and business transformation, and new information and communication technologies accelerate up to 5g below the expected risk. Companies will spend more on capital in the next few years to build 5g, followed by 5g applications and 5g users less than expected, and the cost of capital spending by 5g is more difficult to recover or recover.