q1's performance has improved significantly, and the industry's climate has improved to confirm the transport and shipping ports.
The performance of q1 confirms that the oil for foreign trade is in a state of flux. q1 sea-energy oil plate data have improved markedly, by 18.1 per cent compared to the previous year; the Māori rate has increased by 28.9 per cent; the figure has increased by 27.7 percentage points compared to the previous year.
Vlcc increases are limited and industry supplies are in “stock” status. In January-March 2023, a total of 11 ships were delivered worldwide, but no new shipbuilding orders were available, and as of the end of the first quarter of 2023, there were 895 Vlcc worldwide, with only 17 new ship orders and new ships taking over.
This will lead to an increase in the ageing of ships, a recovery in supply and demand, and an increase in upscaling at prices or downsides. China is one of the world’s most important destinations for Vlcc, and domestic oil consumption as we get out of the epidemic by the end of 22 years.
Demand has already begun to rise significantly, with a total of 136 million tons of crude oil imported in one quarter, an increase of 6.7% over the same period, and the recovery in demand will support the volume of Vlcc.
In view of the non-linear rise, we expect a significant increase in the top and bottom of the freight prices over 23 years, compared to 22 years. Middle-Sea Energy (600026.sh) – A smoothing down of the season, q4 seasons more worthwhile opec+ output reduction will have a limited impact. On April 2, the Opec+ countries announced a reduction in production, totalling about 166.
Middle-Sea Energy (600026.sh) - The global energy shipping pole is expected to benefit from the cycle of 10,000 barrels per day, but given the current state of global economic recovery, demand for crude oil consumption has risen steadily, production reduction plans are not expected to be fully implemented, and short-term prices have fallen or come mainly from global refineries
As the oil-carrying industry progresses to the right side of the air cycle, the Middle and Far Sea can be expected to be the world’s largest oil shipowners, and the data will be impressive in the first quarter of 2023. In the first quarter of 2023, the harvest will be $5.63 billion.
+61.9 per cent for the same year and 10.06 per cent for the ring; $1.10 billion for the mother, +4272.6 per cent for the same year and 34.1 per cent for the ring;
q1 performance confirms that the oil for foreign trade is in a state of flux. q1 sea-energy oil plate data have improved significantly, resulting in RMB 5.2 billion, an increase of 64.2 per cent in the same year; RMB 3.7 billion, an increase of 18.1 per cent in the same year; Māori rate of 28.9 per cent, an increase of 27.7 percentage points in the same year, mainly from foreign trade.
The oil operations were pulled up, and the foreign trade q1 reached $1.22 billion, an increase of 428 per cent over the same period. However, the internal trade q1 fell by about 31 per cent due to higher costs.
The payment of 11 vessels, which have not yet been dismantled in stock, has not resulted in new construction orders, which, as of the end of the first quarter of 2023, stood at 895 vlcc worldwide, with only 17 new orders, and the current capacity of new ships has fallen to its lowest level of 1.7 per cent. This will lead to an increase in the ageing of ships, according to our calculations.
Supply shortages plus demand recovery, supported by higher upscaling prices or downwards. China is one of the world’s most important destinations for Vlcc. With the gradual exit from the epidemic at the end of 22 years, domestic demand for oil consumption has begun to rise significantly, with a total of 136 million tons of crude oil imported in one quarter, an increase of 6.7 per cent over the same period.
The recovery will support the vlcc shipment. Oil transport is a marginal pricing industry, with lower freight prices, less sensitive to freight costs, and higher non-linear prices are expected when oil tankers enter a state of supply and demand, and we expect a significant increase in the top and bottom of prices over 23 years.
On 2 April, several countries announced a reduction in production, totalling about 1.66 million barrels per day, but given the current state of global economic recovery, demand for crude oil consumption has steadily increased, and production reduction plans are not expected to be fully implemented, with short-term price declines or mainly due to centralized global refinery inspections.
The oil-cargo industry, on the right side of the boom cycle, is expected to benefit fully as the world’s largest oil tanker owner, with the forecast of profits up from 23 to 24 to $5.12.608 billion (compared with the original projection of $38.8/25.9 billion) and its introduction.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject