Unified telecommunications giants, home-grown growth Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company fundamentals (RMB)
Harmonisation of communications has become a trend and the market space is wide: unity of communication is the way of communication that integrates Internet technology with traditional communication technologies, combining types of information such as voice, fax and so on, so as to make it easier for people to access data, images, and sound freely to communicate through any device. In recent years, communication systems have been able to communicate freely.
Markets. According to frost&sullivan, the size of the unified global communications market will reach $19.9 billion in 2015, $35.1 billion in 2019, the average annual composite growth rate 2015-2019 will be the second largest in the world in terms of sip terminal shares, and China first: according to frost&sullivan projections, by 2015
Market share is about 20 per cent, top 12 per cent in China, third in China, third in China, third in China, third in China, third in China, third in China, third in the world, second in the world, second in the world, second in the world, second in the world, second in the world, third in the world, third in the world, third in China, third in the world, third in the world, third in the world, third in China, third in the world, third in China, third in the world, third in the world, third in the world, based on the tip terminal, and the layout of the entire telecommunications chain: in research and development and branding, the company has power.
A comprehensive targeting of large, medium and small enterprises and a platform for mobile communications needs, including end products, system integration and overall programme services, helps to speed up the whole-of-the-industry construction of corporate ownership, ecological competition, and thus widens the range of sales by firms.
By building on mature marketing networks and models, the company’s industry leadership has been consolidated.  We believe that the company’s headline for a unified communications terminal is growing internally, and we predict that the company’s net profit compound is increasing by close to 40% over the next two years, giving the company an “uptake” rating.
The high-end series of products are not as popular as expected.
UTC is a professional corporate UTC provider that combines R & D, sales and services, and provides smart, efficient corporate communication terminals to global business clients in a way that is processed by the United Nations.
The company’s real control of the company’s network is Wu Jung-yung, Chen Ji-song, Lu Yong-fu, Zhou Ji-wei, who owns Ximen-Tian billion each.
Shares in Internet Technology, Inc.: 21.43 per cent, 21.08 per cent, 13.39 per cent, 8.04 per cent. Chart 1: Corporate equity structure. Companies sell their products through distribution and direct sales modes, with direct clients such as american
technologies, llc, allnet, etc., platform distributors, zultys, intelbrass/a, telstra, verizon, etc.: end-users are business users such as Peace Insurance, HSBC Bank, Qatar Airlines, etc.
Corporate performance has grown rapidly in recent years, with both operating earnings and net profits attributable to parent companies rising considerably. In 2016, corporate ownership earned $924 million, an increase of 39.56 per cent over the previous year.
The company grew faster, as it was the leading business in the industry, by 74.59 per cent. The net profits of the company grew faster than sales earnings, largely because the company ' s Māori rate continued to rise while it strengthened its management and improved its effectiveness.
In 2016, the Māori rate for corporate sales was 49.75 per cent and the net interest rate for sales was 46.80 per cent. In recent years, net corporate profitability has been higher than the average for comparable companies in the same industry and has continued to increase, mainly as a result of:
(1) The unified communications industry in which the company is located is a relatively fragmented sub-industry in the communications industry, with fewer market participants, and therefore has a higher overall Māori ratio in the industry; (2) the company has a clear lead and a higher market share in the industry; and (3) the company has a strict and effective cost approach
Control policies and efficient operations management, with a continuous decline in cost rates.  The company mainly provides small and medium-sized enterprise users with advanced unified communications terminals, including the tip desktop, and from the point of view of the sub-products, the company ' s business income comes mainly from the unified communications end based on the tip agreement
In 2016, Sip consolidated communications desktop terminal revenue amounted to $736 million, which represents a steady increase in revenue from operating revenue, with revenues of $99 million and $46 million, respectively. In terms of Māori, the Māori ratio of company consolidated communications desktop terminals in 2016 was 736 million.
62.67 per cent of the total Māori rate of 60.11 per cent and 74.08 per cent respectively for the Dict Universal Communication Wireless Terminal and Vcs High Quality Videoconferencing System, and the Māori rate has been raised from year to year.
Corporate sales abroad have been rising in recent years, with sales abroad accounting for 95.6 per cent of corporate revenues in 2016.
Integrated communication advances rapidly — unfied communications — defined as a new mode of communication that integrates Internet technology with traditional communication technologies, based on the integration of the Internet with traditional communication networks.
Common communications typically contain the following salient features: (a) it is primarily directed at business users; (b) it is necessary to have the process of conversion of the transmitted data between the two networks on the telecommunications network and the Internet; and (c) it is necessary to achieve the same.
Synthesis of step-to-step communication; 4 with state-to-sense functions. Figure 11: Model classification of “pipe-to-end” modes of uniform communication
• The model requires a one-time investment by an enterprise in the purchase of a unified communications system at a higher cost and the maintenance of the model, which is primarily oriented towards large enterprise markets.
• A unified communications system is installed at the cloud level by a unified communications operator, and enterprises purchase uniform communications services.
• The model is mainly used for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). We believe that both the cloud-end model and the pipe-end model, the end end (i.e., the telecommunications terminal), are essential in a unified communications system.
▪ The convergence of communication end-of-life industries is now in the long term, with the increasing demand of SMEs for business efficiency in the context of stable foreign demand and the initial appearance of domestic demand, and we believe that the overall efficiency, productivity and competitiveness gains from harmonization of communications will be driven by increased demand from SMEs.
Business demand for advanced uc terminal solutions. As a result, sales revenue from the uc terminal market is expected to grow further as a result of the development of the uc solution market and the increasing demand to reduce communication costs.
With a billion dollars, the annual compound growth rate is 10.3 per cent, and according to frost&sullivan projections, the market size of the uc settlement programme will reach $35.1 billion in 2019 and 15.2 per cent in 2015-2019, and the market size of the uc solution in China will reach $1.2 billion in 2015.
The end of the sip is followed by consumption groups, particularly the Middle East and Africa (emea) and the Asia-Pacific region markets. Its sales earnings contributed 43.4 per cent in 2015.
Rapid growth to attract new clients on an ongoing basis and to provide more functionality to the business of different clients in different walks of life. The field will be opening up to better development prospects.
In China, there is a strict distinction between ip communications system integration and ip communications operations.
It is permissible to provide ip communications services to the general public, which, according to the Regulations of the People ' s Republic of China on Telecommunications Management, are basic telecommunications operations, and only a few enterprises, such as the three basic telecommunications operators in China, currently have relevant licence plates, which in part limits the uniform communication system.
The basic principle of ip communications is that voice signals are coded through voice compression algorithms and then packaged to the tcp/ip standard and sent over the network to the receiving place.
The original voice signal fulfils the purpose of transmitting the voice over the Internet. The Ministry of Trade and Communications, in its 2012 " Answer to Common Questions on Licences for Cross-Regional Value Added Telecommunication Operations " , stated that it is not necessary to apply for a license for telecommunications operations if it is performed for free, in the public interest or by an enterprise for its own use.
On the other hand, private firms such as SET and large Internet companies such as Alibaba, Tents and Sunning are allowed to limit their policies primarily to operators and platform operators, and they have no barriers to end-marketing.
The system is based mainly on the use of the network of operators, whose related business is that of service providers.
Sip terminal share is the second highest in the world, China’s first grandstream and aaaastra. UTC producers are divided into two main categories in terms of product positioning: one is located in a large group and one is located in a large group.
The industry (enterprise) market is an international front brand, represented by cisco, avaya, and polycom, which are characterized by high quality and high prices. The manufacturer is in the vanguard of the unified telecommunications industry, with a high brand profile, high product quality and good quality, but its prices are higher than those of its own.
His manufacturer has more than 30% of the same product; the other is a unified network of information and communications terminals located in the SME market, typically represented by billionaires, snoms, aaaastra, etc. They also have a certain profile on their brands, and the quality of the product is approaching the line of Polycom, cisco, etc.
Brandstream and aaaastra, which together account for about 72.7% of the total market share, are the second-largest companies in terms of sales in the world in 2015, with a market share of about 20%.
The top two were Polycom and Cisco, with market shares of 30.6 per cent and 14.7 per cent, respectively. The companies ranked first in terms of sales volume, with market shares of about 29.2 per cent, and third in terms of sales countries, with market shares of 31.6 per cent.
Deep-farming SMEs, distribution highlights advantages, and we believe that the main advantage of firms in distribution channels is that they have a distribution model that allows them to enter new markets in low-risk and low-cost ways, effectively extending the geographical coverage of their business.
Vendors resell products to various distributors, operators and end users. The number of authorized distributors worldwide reached 97 by the end of 2016.
Telecommunication operators market with UK telecommunications, Italy, distribution mode
With broadsoft, telecommunications, Royal Dutch electricity as a mature marketing network
microsoft and other platforms, letters, Spanish telecommunications, etc.
The company now plans to implement e-commerce marketing strategies globally, with a particular focus on increasing the number of authorized distributors with e-commerce distribution networks in technologically advanced markets such as Europe and North America.
Through the layout of new channels, it helps to consolidate the position of companies as global leading providers of unified communication terminal solutions.
Storage of voice and video services, i.e. host business models, to enable small and medium-sized enterprises to achieve strong unified communications functions at lower cost.
Figure 25: Cloud service network architecture. The 100-million-dollar network plans to develop a cloud communications platform in conjunction with a series of unified communication terminals that are being developed on an ongoing basis to create a complete integrated communications ecosystem based on cloud computing. We believe that the cloud platform is being built.
Created to significantly enhance the user experience of existing products, improve the production of integrated communication terminal solutions
Development and industrialization of systems, R & D and cloud computing centre construction projects, cloud communications operating platform Figure 26: Corporate fund-raising projects Figure 27: Construction of corporate fund-raising projects
• Through this project, the company will complete the work of the integrated multi-point control module.
Capable system terminals vc400, one-way terminals vc120, high-rich corporate end product structure, enhanced company market competitiveness vcm30, expanded microphone cpe80, remote control vcr10, etc.
• Development of high-end equipment, such as wireless and video, to enhance corporate brand image, high-resolution videoconferencing system end product, cloud communications platform construction project
R & D and cloud computing centre construction project • To develop and operate a unified communications platform based on a cloud platform, namely, the cloud communications operating platform, a system product.
• The project plans to build a research and development and cloud computing centre with office space, audio and video laboratories, a cloud data centre, a pilot production line, and ■ We believe that cloud services are a more important point of view in the fund-raising project.
X, for the company to achieve the sale of EKO operations by end-product providers to provide value-added synergistic services to SMEs Cross-bordering, upgrading the UTC experience in deployment, diagnosis, management, maintenance, use, and subsequent orderly extension of the UTC
At that time, the Division’s operations will include end-products, system integration, and overall programme services in order to accelerate enterprise-wide chain-building, ecological competition, and direct targeting of business users, with incremental profits.
vcs products are currently small in size and will increase at a much higher rate when further research and development is completed.  We think that the company's leading role in a unified communications terminal is very dynamic, and we predict that the corporate net profit compound will increase by close to 40% over the next two years, giving the company an “increase” rating.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that:
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the fundamentals of the enterprise, judging the results of a comparison of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years with the average value of the firms listed in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.